sensible than I am , that in these cases the interposition of the legislature is necessary : that an act of the legislature must be passed regulating the granting of augmentations to the clergy of Scotland , is a proposition generally acceded to , and nothing can be more easy than the introduction of a clause , quieting those in the possessing of their augmentations , who have obtained them within the last five years.—I think it fortunate too , that the interest of the clergyman , the respondent at your ldps ' bar , can not be materially injured . It is more than fifteen years since he obtained his last augmentation ; and though it may not be regular to allude to any intended act of the legislature , still it is perfectly known to the public , that the legislative measure , which may probably be adopted , will not preclude this reverend gentleman from immediately coming before the court , to obtain that augmentation for which he is a suitor at your bar.—It now only remains for me to apologize to your ldps for having so long occupied your attention ; and to read the judgment which naturally flows from the principles I have endeavoured to establish : `` in respect it appears 473 to this house , that , by the act 1707 , c. 9 , no powers are given to the court of session , as a commission of teinds , for augmenting or modifying-stipends out of teinds held by the titular under an heritable right , or purchased from the titular by the heritors in terms of the decreet arbitral of Charles 1 , confirmed by parliament , others than those given to the commissioners appointed by act 1633 , c. 19 ; and that the said commissioners , under the act last mentioned , had no powers out of teinds of the above description , to augment any stipend which had once been modified by them or by any former commission , and did not fall short of eight hundred merks ; and in respect it further appears , on examination of the records of this house , that no judgment was pronounced by this house , declaring the powers of the court of session to reaugment stipends , and review the decrees of augmentation pronounced by themselves or by former commissioners , as is found by the interlocutor complained of ; therefore , it being admitted that the stipend of the respondent was modified and augmented in 1793 , and that the tythes of the appellant are tythes acquired by purchase from the titular ; it is ordered and adjudged that the interlocutor complained of be reversed . '' at considerable length , contended , that the usage upon this point , in favour of a second augmentation , ought , not to be disturbed , and was of opinion that the interlocutor ought to be affirmed with some alteration.—After a few observations in reply from the earl of Lauderdale , the motion was negatived , and the interlocutor of the Court of Session affirmed . wished to know from the hon . gent . whether the present Bill was to embrace all the compensation ? If it was not so , he confessed he should be disposed to object to any plan that would take from the other , house its right of inter- 474 ference ; for if this was not to be the only measure , and if another was to be comprehended in a mere Grant of that house , the other branch of the legislature would be , he thought , unfairly deprived of their right of deciding upon the merits of that Agreement , he was of opinion , therefore , that it would be desirable that the entire amount of Mr. Palmer 's Claims should not be divided , but comprehended in one bill . He wished to know from the hon . gent , how far he concurred with him in the view he had taken of the subject . replied , that it certainly was not his intention to incorporate the