not mix little British interests with this important question . He was happy to agree with his right hon . friend on this point ; though he could not concur with him as to the alternative , or admit his conclusion , that if a great deal could not be done , nothing was to be done . The other point upon which he wished to touch , related to the 894 general censure which his right hon . friend had passed upon the conduct of all late administrations , he was ready to admit that this censure was just in general , but he denied that it would apply to the last administration , of which he had the honour of being a member . He defied any gentleman to prove one instance in which it would apply . If they could not show any such instance , they should receive his statement with more temper . He did not claim any praise for that administration , because it had not an opportunity of incurring the censure . He was anxious to urge as strongly as his right hon . friend the propriety of encouraging hopes for the restoration of Europe in that way alone in which they were likely to be realised . He had often been reproached for enthusiasm on this subject ; but he trusted he should not be readily reproached again , inasmuch as his impressions , though late , had been adopted . It seemed now to be admitted , that the only way of overturning revolutionary despotism , was by aiding the internal means of a country with external co-operation . Now , there was nothing external but England ; it was Buonaparte and France every where beside , and those who would not take to the pinnace or the long-boat in the late storm , were ' now-glad to catch at any broken oar , or fragment of a plank . When Europe was unsubdued ; when Austria was entire ; when Prussia was a formidable military power ; when Italy was not yet parcelled out ; and Spain itself was whole ; the internal state of la Vendee held out the fairest hope of arresting the progress of the revolution . What then had been neglected , was now looked up to with sanguine expectation ; and the only hope now was , that this insurrection in Spain , might prove a la Vendée . Here he should recur to the expectation , or rather deprecation of his right hon . friend , that we should mix no little interests in the contest , but conduct it on the principles stated by the right hon . gent , in his second speech . We should remember how great an arrear we had to settle , how much Spain had to forget in consequence of the outrage which she sustained in the capture of her frigates . Were they prepared to restore them , and prove to Spain the disinterestedness with which we were to embark in her cause ? As to the advantage or disadvantage of bringing this motion forward at this time , he owned he did not agree wish the sentiments of his right hon . friend . He 895 thought that a demonstration of the disposition to promote the cause of Spain made to that house , to the country , and to the Spanish nation , might be productive of advantage . But though he felt this impression , it was still to be apprehended , that such a demonstration might have the effect of influencing the Spanish nation to its ruin . He had no objection however , to the expression of a disposition on the part of the country , to support all rational measures that might be necessary to aid the efforts of the Spanish people . observed , that enough had been said as to the discussion of the motion , in what had fallen from the right hon . gent , who brought it forward , and from his right hon . friend who followed him ; yet certain topics had been