of persons in the common defence of the empire would be necessary , and then it must be evident , that so far a repeal of the penal statutes would follow . Having , as I conceive , shewn that there does not exist any moral incompatibility between the two religions , nor any of a political nature to debar Catholics from the enjoyment of those rights and privileges to which they are entitled , and that the constitution is not against them , I shall contend , that whether it be looked to in its formation , consolidation , or preservation , the relief which they pray for , will , if granted , he of the most beneficial consequences to the empire . The property of Ireland is unanimous in their favour , with a view to the extinction of religious differences . And whether you consider it in its original institution , in its principles as recognised at the Revolution , or as to its future duration , in either view it imperiously calls for that amelioration of your policy , which was the implied condition of the Act of Union , and it is further called for , in order to your complete protection against the attacks of a foreign enemy . The state of Europe is such , that all the nations of the Continent are leagued against you ; it is necessary , therefore , to oppose one compact body to the enemy 's irruptions . If arguments , such as I have adverted to , are to be adduced in opposition to the credit of the church , and the defence of the empire ; if we are to be haunted step by step , by the remains of 568 the penal code , why then , I say , your country is irretrievably lost , and every great principle of religion , of public defence , and of liberty , are at an end . That great and distinguished statesman ( Mr. Fox ) was from his earliest days the decided friend of the repeal of the penal laws . In 1778 , he expressed his abhorrence of the penal code—in that abhorrence he continued to the latest moments of his life—He recommended a total repeal of those laws—Ireland will ever retain a grateful sense of the benefits she has received from that great man . When the last prayer of the Catholics was submitted by him to the United Legislature , he gave his concluding testimony against the injustice , the cruelty and impolicy of the continuance of any of the restrictions . Ireland now feels the loss she has sustained by his separation from the cares of this world , and weeps in anguish over his tomb . In estimating the qualities which so peculiarly marked his proud career , one dwells with mingled emotions of rapture and sympathy on his conscious integrity of soul—on his amiable rectitude of mind—on the complacency of his disposition—on his benevolent weaknesses—and we recollect , with sentiments of regret , the loss which the nation has sustained—In his eloquence he was commanding and convincing , and one can contemplate with satisfaction , even the negligent grandeur of his style . In presenting the former petition , the great object which Mr. Fox wished to impress upon the house was , that a compliance with its prayer would add materially to the strength of the empire . If at that time , such an object was necessary , how much more so is it at the present period , when Austria has left you ; when Russia is your enemy , when Prussia is annihilated , and when nothing remains , but nations leagued against you with the common enemy , into which league , they have either been intimidated , or forced by conquest . Your danger therefore is threefold greater , for you have nothing to depend upon but your own exertions . Paralized by divisions , you will ultimately be lost in your own dangers at home—dangers , unparalleled in the history of your country—the two Islands now stand alone to contend