the interlocutor , or decree , the same court or division is to hear it over again . If , instead of leaving this without any regulation , and permitting the reclaiming petition thus to make the same tribunal revise its previous judgment , it had been enacted , that the reclaiming petition should carry the review to the other tribunal . That is , if a judgment pro- 1075 nounced in the president 's court , had been carried by reclaiming petition to the court of the justice-clerk , and a judgment of the justice-clerk 's court carried by reclaiming petition to that of the president 's court , the one would have acted as a court of review upon the other . And thus the parties would have the judgment of all the wisdom of both courts . The satisfaction arising from this would have a direct tendency to stop farther litigation—Appeals to the house of lords would thus gradually diminish—the incongruity of an appeal ab eodem ad eundem would be got rid of ; and the law , by being thus liable to be discussed in the same cause by both tribunals , would be kept uniform . This I conceive to be a matter well worthy of consideration , and extremely fit for further regulation by parliament . Nor can it be said that this mode of proceeding would deprive the party of the tribunal which he had originally chosen . It might as well be said , that introducing the Exchequer Chamber ( as a court of error ) into the judicial system of England would change the tribunal where a writ of error is brought . In this country ( England ) when a party institutes his action at law , he has it in his choice to commence it in any of the three courts ( with the exception of real actions which need not now be entered into ) , in the King's-bench , Common Picas , or Exchequer . But it never could be said , that when an action is commenced in the King's-bench , that if the losing party carries it to the Exchequer-chamber , the tribunal originally chosen is changed against the will and without the consent of him who chose it . A tribunal can not be said to be changed when it is appealed from : but if the judges of the King's-bench were authorised to refer the law of a case brought before them to the Court of Common Pleas , and to receive the law from that tribunal , and were to be influenced by and to act on that opinion , then the tribunal would be changed without the consent , nay against the consent of the plaintiff , who had selected , as he was entitled to select , the king 's bench to judge his case in the first instance . But if the losing party carried his case by writ of error to the superior tribunal , that would be an appeal to a higher power , not a change to a co-ordinate court . In the same manner , the regulation which I propose would be an appeal to another or reviewing tribunal , and would not be a change of court without or against the consent of the party.—I now come to 1076 that part of the subject which I conceive to be by far the most important improvement that can be made in Scots judicature , next to the introduction of trial by jury . I mean the manner in which decided cases are reported , in what are called in this country reports , in Scotland decisions . This subject , important as I conceive it to be , has formed no part of any bill yet brought forward , and has never , as far as I know , received any public discussion any where . It is a subject on which I have thought repeatedly and anxiously ; and after considering it in every point of view , I can see no objection whatever to the regulation which I am about to suggest ,