that number had been seen plying to and fro the whole night . He did not , however , wish to descend to minutiae ; he would goat once on the broad principle of guilt , which was the illegal traffic . Of this there was substantial and tangible evidence—a deep , well-concerted , scheming , fraudulent system , such as never came more clearly before a court of justice ! It was not , how- 759 ever , injurious to the country ; at least the hon . captain did not think it was . What ! was he , on his own self-sufficiency , to fly in the face of an existing charter , and judge , forsooth , what was or was not advantageous , contrary to the will and establishment of the legislature ? Alas ! we know what his self-willed course can lead the nation to already ; we have fatally experienced as country plunged into unwished-for war , by the whim and caprice of his unrestrained and lawless direction . But one would think , on hearing the statement which had been made to-night , that capt . Robinson had been very well off to escape the sentence of a court-martial—for doing what ? —merely his duty ; —for catching the smuggler , as he had been ordered . Thus , the man who did his duty was ruined , while he who violated the law was enriched ! But , says the advocate general , what has poor sir Home done ? —Oh dear , luckless man , only a little innocent smuggling—only a little illicit traffic ; that was all ; and indeed , well did it deserve remuneration , while the conduct of the man who acted conscientiously was stigmatized ! What , is that the way you deal with poor offenders ? Is that the merciless rigour of your tyrannical revenue laws ? Woe to the humble offender who comes under their cognizance ! Woe to the mercy which will betide defenceless poverty ! What was due to the hon . captain in this affair ? Why , the most he could expect was mercy , indulgence , forbearance . And were those debts to be paid before the debt of justice due to capt . Robinson ? Are we to give the guilty indulgence , while we punish the innocent . But it seems there is no precedent . Is there therefore to be no rule ? The general plea of merit is then set up as a forlorn hope ; and is this to be set up against capt . Robinson ? Because there was no resistance made , is he to be punished , when we certainly know that to be the case as to him , which we as certainly know not to be the case as to sir Home—that he was innocent ? It was , however , unfair to take the subsequent exploits of sir Home , and place them as a set-off against his antecedent guilt ; and if we strip him of his subsequent honours , what shall we leave him ? Oh ! his achievements in Holland : these were of a mixed description—naval , military , and commercial ; and in the commercial he was quite at home , standing on his own ground , too , near Ostend . Is it on account of these manœuvres , we are to reward him for his 760 smuggling with 18,000l . and leave his captor destitute , without even sufficient to defray the sums which he expended in bringing the culprit to conviction ? The East India Company , it seems , though , did not prosecute , and for a very good reason ; because they saw him supported by men who had rendered them essential services , not on account of sir Home 's personal merits—not because he chose to employ his leisure hours in an illegal trade—not on account of his ardent zeal , as it had been called by his friends , in the pursuit of gain . And here , he must remark , that this