see the administration not waiting for the urgency of the pressure , but wisely guarding against the just approach of want.—He was as averse as any man in that house could be , to mention the topic of scarcity in such a manner as to create a public alarm ; he was even aware of the influence of opinion upon such matters ; but it became that house to be attentive to every symptom that indicated approaching want ; and certainly , one would not look for those symptoms appearing first in the great markets , where money would at all times attract supply , and where a small difference in the supply could be hardly remarked ; but in those less frequented or less fertile spots , where supply , though always necessary , was less easily procured.—If the house would enquire into the present situation of some parts of Scotland and of Ireland at this moment , in respect to the prices or the supply of grain , there would appear something at least worthy their provident attention , although he trusted not of that consequence to occasion general alarm.—The opponents of the measure , however , brought forward their general principles , and told us , what he was very willing to admit , that demand will always occasion supply , that agriculture would admit of almost an endless progressive extension , and that we had only to discourage all reliance on foreign aid in order to produce at home all we should want . But , granting this to be true as a principle , was it not equally true as a fact , that for the last 5 years , comprising a fair average of crops and under a progressive state of agriculture , we had yet received into our consumption an average foreign supply of 770,000 quarters of grain annually ? What had occasioned this supply for 5 successive years ? was it wanted or not ? and what had become of it r was it consumed or not ? It was idle to talk of our independence on foreign supply with this fact staring us in the face . We might grant the hon . gentlemen their theory ; but they must allow us to be a little anxious under such circumstances about the exigencies of that interval which must , of necessity , elapse before their theory could be put into action . It was not a question interesting to landholders alone . It was interesting to all the consumers of the produce of the land , of which there were many and most respectable descriptions who did not possess much land . He could assure an hon . baronet ( sir C. Burrell , ) who thought that 525 there were too many of that description in parliament , that although he was not a great landholder , he had the most sincere respect and veneration for the whole of the agricultural interest , which he thought was the first in point of national importance ; but that he could not , in the present case , account for the alarm which that interest had felt . If there were a great and populous district any where that had attended to agriculture only , neglecting all manufactures and being accustomed to receive from abroad every article of their clothing and their access to that foreign supply should be suddenly cut off , we might with great truth say to them , 'you possess within yourselves the means of cloathing yourselves , and if you will shut out your foreign dependance altogether , you will in time through necessity accomplish your purpose . ' This might be wise avid sound counsel , and yet , mean time , while this experiment was in process , a severe winter might prove rather inconvenient , and while upon the best principles of political economy we were shewing them how to fabricate breeches and petticoats , they might be shewing us what it would not be decent in that assembly to name.—The advocates for the agricultural monopoly of the distillery said , that agriculture met