his favour , and must naturally have expected that he and his ship 's company would have received the same advantage.—The lords commissioners of appeals however reversed the course of ail former decisions on this point , and after taking five years to deliberate , pronounced the ship and cargo to be lawful prize to the king , and not to the captors . By this decision admiral Robinson was deprived of all legal title and of all benefit except what he might receive from the bounty of the crown . He accordingly sent in a memorial to the treasury on behalf of himself and his ship 's crew ; and amongst other circumstances stated the very great expence he had been at in bringing the ship to condemnation ; indeed so large were these expences that had the ship not been condemned , admiral Robinson must inevitably have been ruined . However , notwithstanding all these circumstances , the treasury thought proper to grant the whole of the proceeds of the ship and cargo , which had been condemned as employed in illicit trade , saddled with only part of the expences of the captors , to sir Home Popham , who had been detected in the prosecution of it . It is to this grant , sir , that I object , as being an act of injustice , contrary to all custom and precedent , and productive of the most mischievous consequences . I am not inclined to attribute corrupt motives to the advisers of it ; I do not wish to enter into 732 that question , because the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) , who must be considered as chiefly responsible , is now no more : I am willing to admit that the grant may have been made without due consideration , without knowledge of the circumstances ; that the Treasury were deceived by the false statements in the hon . captain 's memorial ; but I do contend that it is an improper application of public money , and in no respect to be justified . It is not to be justified by the report of the king 's Proctor ( which is in fact the king 's Advocate ) , because that report is precisely the same both on the memorial of sir H. Popham and admiral Robinson ; it expresses no opinion , but declares that it is a matter entirely at the discretion of his majesty 's government : so that the Treasury would have been equally justified , as far as that report can justify , in giving the proceeds to admiral Robinson . The report indeed states , that the capture was attended with no great exertion of courage or risk , but that considering the length of the litigation and danger which admiral Robinson incurred of being ruined if the suit did not succeed , his expences ought to be paid . But , sir , let us see what has been the custom in these cases , and whether it has been usual to grant some share of the proceeds condemned to the king as Droits to the Crown , only to captors , who have undergone great danger and displayed great exertions of valour in the capture . Sir , there is not a single instance whatever of any vessel having been condemned to the king jure coronœ , in which some part of the proceeds have not been granted to the captors . It has been the invariable rule to grant a part : the Etrusco is the only exception . The proportion , indeed , has differed ; sometimes two-thirds , sometimes one-half , but never less , except when specie was found on board , in which case one-fourth has been given . But a few months ago a Russian frigate was captured in Portsmouth harbour , where there was not the smallest probability of danger , not the slightest risk incurred ; the vessel and cargo , part of which was specie , was estimated at 200,000l . and being condemned to the king jure coroœ :