the right hon . baronet had taken no notice ) , be folly adequate to the purposes for which they were required . As far as he understood , the number of Catholic priests necessary in Ireland was 2000 . One hundred and eleven students were educated in different parts of that island , which he enumerated ; these , added to the 250 which it was proposed to educate at Maynooth , made 361 . The term of education was seven years , but frequently it did not extend beyond live . Supposing , therefore , that on the average 50 students would annually become fit for ordination , he conceived that this number would be sufficient to keep up the necessary establishment . The fact was , that when the Maynooth Institution was first established , it was not intended that it should be maintained by the public purse . The memorial presented previously to the foundation of that establishment , prayed for a charter , in order that their funds might be better secured . With respect to the 478 Catholic students , who , according to the right hon . baronet , were educated on the continent before the French Revolution , the fact was , that most of them received priests orders before , they went abroad . It would be found , upon enquiry , that about 300 of them supported themselves when abroad by the exercise of their functions as priests . ironically observed , that he had great satisfaction in noticing the strong disposition to economy manifested by the right hon . gentlemen opposite . To this motive alone could the curtailment now proposed be attributed . It was not 92 possible to suppose that it was dictated by a desire to counteract the intentions of the last administration , or by the avowal of narrow and bigotted sentiments to insult the Irish nation . That economy was the sole motive by which the present administration was actuated in this measure was evident by the Bill on the table , for Regulating the Police of Dublin : in the provisions of which so much attention had been paid to economy , that the annual expence to be incurred by it amounted only to a few hundreds less than 20,000l . though it was now proposed to cut oil the sum of 3,750l . from the education of four millions of people . Instead of 2000 Catholic Priests necessary for Ireland as stated by the right hon . bart . he had always understood that 3000 were required . But taking the number at 2000 , it was impossible that a provision for the education of 250 students could be sufficient to supply the deficiencies which sickness , age , and infirmities must occasion . If , however , there was any error in the computation , on which side was it preferable that that error should be ? Was it preferable that there should be too many or too few ? He would put this to the good sense of the house . The Catholics as a favour asked this monstrous sum of 3,750l . to put the foundation at Maynooth on a footing calculated to furnish a sufficient number of well educated men for the Church in Ireland . Was it wise to refuse them such a favour ? To how many worse purposes would the house vote away many such sums in the course of the present session ! It was impossible to believe that his majesty 's ministers could refuse this request , for any other purpose than to enjoy the pleasure of a refusal . If the house wished wholly to discountenance the Catholic religion in Ireland , let them not vote a shilling for this purpose ; but if they consented to grant any thing , let them grant enough , and let them grant it in a manner which would not be insulting to those by whom it was to be received . Why should the Catholics ask for more than they wanted ? If they educated a greater number of priests than were requisite ,