grants were made part of the Appropriation act ; and as their lordships could make no alteration in the act without disturbing the arrangement of the supplies for the public , they were therefore debarred from making any amendment at all in the present act . This act contained the grant to the college of Maynooth , and another of 1,500,000l . to the East India company . He thought these two grants ought to have been made the subject of two distinct bills , that they might be discussed on their respective merits . Above all , were their lordships prepared to concur in the grant of the latter sum , without a tittle of information before the house to shew the fairness and propriety of such a grant ? Were their lordships ' hands thus to be tied up respecting such important matters , they might as well close their doors , for surely that house would then have become useless , and as such , must utterly sink in the estimation of the country . His lordship could not suffer this item to be proceeded in without some information . He should therefore move , `` That a message be sent to the commons , requesting the Report of the Select Committee on the affairs of the East India company . '' said , that it was a subject of great importance , and that the affairs of the East India company ought to be inquired into ; for such was their management , that he believed it would be better for this country that the East India company should lose their possessions in that quarter of the globe altogether ; and it might be desirable that such an event should happen soon , rather than increase our grants of large sums of the public money . contended , that in respect to the grant made to Maynooth college , nothing had been done upon this occasion , but what the legislature had done with regard to former grants of this nature to the same college . When the last grant was voted by the house of com- 1086 mons , it was incorporated in the Appropriation act , and if there was no objection at that time , he did not perceive why it should have been included in a separate bill at this time . The principle of not including in such a bill such grants as might have a tendency to cause their lordships dissent to the bill altogether , was one which ought to be attended to , and had been considered in Mr. Palmer 's case . The grant made to the East India company was in respect to what was due to them . He should not enter at large into the merits of the observations made by the noble earl , whether we had not better be deprived of these possessions altogether , but should not give his assent to the motion now before the house . did not wish to protract the present discussion , but he must observe , that if the house were thus to be treated , if they were thus to proceed without necessary information , they had better shut their doors at once than be degraded in the public estimation.—The motion was then negatived without a division . previous to their lordships entering into any discussion upon this bill , moved , `` That a Return be made of all the benefices in the kingdom of 400l . and upwards , distinguishing those where the incumbent was not resident either three months at one time , or four months at separate times . '' opposed the motion , as it then stood , and proposed an amendment , omitting the words 'distinguishing those , and in that shape he had no inclination to oppose the motion . represented the great difficulty which would attend any attempt to gain the desired information . expressed his concurrence in the motion as proposed by the noble earl ; after which the house divided : Contents 16 ; Non-contents 28 . Majority against the motion 12. then rose