no reasonable objection to the introduction of some part of it from the West Indies . said , that great part of what he had to offer on this subject had been anticipated by gentlemen who had already spoken upon it and in particular , by the chancellor of the exchequer foe Ire- 703 land , who had delivered doctrines truly refreshing to hear from the bench upon which he sat.—It had been urged by the noble lord who brought forward the measure , that no danger could arise from it , as a precedent . But , in his opinion , it was thus , and thus only , dangerous . As a temporary measure , it was nugatory , and would neither serve the West-Indians nor hurt the farmers at home ; for the distillers , in contemplation of the stoppage now proposed , had been of late urging their business with unexampled activity , and were doubly stocked with spirits from grain , which the people of this country are known to prefer ; so that there can now be no inducement to add to the quantity of spirits already produced ; and the permission to distil from sugar will remain a dead letter , during all the time of its proposed duration ; and of course , as a temporary measure , then it will neither do good nor harm.—But that , as a precedent , the measure was highly pernicious , by holding out to the West-Indians the expectation of a similar encouragement in future , and thus inducing them to continue their over-production of sugar : That those gentlemen who had voted for this measure as temporary , whilst they professed their disapprobation of it , if permanent , must either in future act contrary to their conviction of what is right , or will have done a great injury to those whom they intend to serve ; since their present vote must tend to encourage that very production , which they are bound , by their present professions , to check on a future occasion : That the whole tendency of the measure is to bestow upon the production of an article of mere luxury , that encouragement which has hitherto been given to the growth of the food of man . was extremely sorry to differ upon this subject from the hon . gent , who began this discussion , with whom he was very much in the habit of agreeing . No man could doubt the existence of partial scarcity . He had documents , received earlier than the discussion of the question , to prove that fact , and which from their strength he did not think proper to read . These accounts he had received from parts of Scotland with which he was connected . The late crop of barley was short , and though there was no scarcity of wheat , there was a scarcity of barley , and an universal scarcity of oats in the country ; as might be collected from the price of oats in the market , which was now 704 49s . and 50s . He therefore did not object to the resolution before the committee because it went too far , but because it was not likely to produce the good effects that were proposed from its adoption ; because , by resorting to the measure at the present time , not a single quarter of corn would be saved for consumption ; but some , on the contrary , taken from the consumption , so far as the corn of the present year was concerned . On this ground , he should , if no other gentleman did , move an alteration of the resolution to make it commence much earlier in its operation . He also objected to that part of the resolution which would impose upon ministers the necessity of a positive measure , which might excite alarm in the country , by extending the prohibition after the 1st Oct. if the harvest should not be abundant . He should prefer extending the prohibition to the 1st of Jan.