the only trade that was left to British shiping ! and was it , then , wise or politic to 1059 risk this , almost the last resource of our commercial greatness and power at sea , for the sake of paltry and partial interests , either of the Ship Owners or the Revenue ? Was it to be brought as a valid objection against one of the measures proposed for the relief of this trade by the committee , that it would occasion some sacrifice of the revenue , or against another , that it would interfere with that monopoly which the Ship Owners claimed , when it was proved to the house , that the colonies themselves , the substratum of these interests , were on the brink of destruction ? The hon . gent , who had just sat down , had confined his observations to the matter of that Report of the Committee which related to the licensed trade in spirits , the produce and manufacture of the enemy ; he would therefore make a very few remarks upon that other subject , recommended by the Committee to the attention of the house—the extension of the barter in American shipping to the articles of sugar and coffee . It was true that circumstances , at present out of our controul , seemed to throw to a distance any proceeding on that Report , but if the disposition were ascertained , the moment for acting might occur before that house should meet again , and it was the purport of his hon . friend 's motion , that his majesty 's ministers should not in such a moment have their hands tied up or their authority questionable . The policy appeared to him so clear and striking , of weakening during the war the colonies of the enemy , which ever had been and must again be the chief sources of her naval power , that he wondered how either this or any former administration should have suffered minor objects to interfere with it . The advantage of pushing a few of our manufactures , through America , into the consumption of the enemy 's colonies , was , surely , not to be brought into comparison with so great an object . We had unwisely relaxed the rule of the war of 1756 , until we appeared to have lost sight of it altogether , and menu time the colonies of the enemy were thriving while our own were falling rapidly into decay . To have returned again to the policy of that rule of 1756 , and to have softened its operations in respect to America , by permitting her , during the war , to take away in her own shipping that surplus produce of our own colonies which we could not find the means of throwing into consumption , and could only persist in monopolizing to their destruc 1060 tion , would , as he must continue to think , have been our wisest proceeding , whether in respect to the colonics or to America . We had right and necessity and precedent also , to plead in its defence ; and he wished the house to look back and see what had been in former wars the consequences of our adherence to or departure from this policy.—It appeared from the authentic Tables given by M. Arnould , in his `` Balance de la Commerce , '' that on the average of Seven years of peace , from 1749 to 1755 , the colonial trade of France in round numbers of francs , was thus : —Colonial Produce , contended , that in the present situation of G. Britain the importation of brandy and foreign spirits into this country , ought to be , by all means , discouraged , as tending to overturn the interests of the corn-growers of this island , and the sugar merchants of the colonies , by the deficiency in the consumption of the article of rum ; whilst it was serviceable to the enemy , by encouraging the importation of their commodities , by indirect means ,