burthen of his payments ' , and his son Omdut-ul-Omrah was acknowledged as his successor.—For this modification of our rights , for this relief of the nabob , what was our compensation ? A recognized power of assuming the civil and military administration in time of war , which we had before really possessed , and practically exercised : a security , supposed more efficient , for the regular and permanent discharge of the military subsidy ; and a renewal , in more precise terms , of the article precluding all political correspondence between the nabobs of the Carnatic and foreign powers , without the knowledge of the British government. ! ! Tenth article of Treaty of 1792.— '' The said Nawaub shall receive regular information of all negociations which shall relate to declaring war or to making peace , wherein the said Company may engage , and the interest of the Carnatic and its dependencies may be concerned ; and the said Nawaub shall be considered as an ally of the said Company in all treaties which shall in any respect affect the Carnatic , and countries depending thereon , or belonging to either of the contracting parties contiguous thereto ; and the said Nawaub agrees that he will not enter into any negociation or political correspon- 329 This treaty , exhibiting on our part nothing but consideration for the situation and feelings of the nabob , and giving us additional claims to his attachment and gratitude , was scarcely concluded , before it was basely violated , not in its letter merely , but in its vital spirit and fundamental principle . While it was yet actually negotiating , the nabob will be found to have commenced a correspondence , not with an allied or friendly power , but with Tippoo Sultana , the sworn enemy of the British nation , with whom peace was only a preparation for war , and the undisguised purpose of whose hostility was the total extirpation of our name from the peninsula of India . A prince , whose very act and thought bore testimony of irreconcileable hate ; whose daily meditations and nightly dreams , presented to him but one object , and that object the destruction of out-empire . With this man , did the nabobs , Wallajah and Omdut ul Omrah , ( both parties to the treaty of 1792 , ) while the ink was yet wet with which they signed their engagements to be faithful to us ; in contempt of that solemn tie , in defiance of every condition by which their power was enjoyed ; with this man , did they solicit communion and correspondence ; to his projects did they become accessaries , and for his successes , did the aged Wallajah ( as he tells us ) weary heaven with petitions . Successes which could only be obtained by our loss , and triumphs which could arise only from our humiliations and defeats.—What rights such perfidy , when detected , confers , I shall discuss presently . The first question is , whether there is sufficient proof in the documents before the house to establish the charge.—I remember , sir , a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan , ) who formerly called our attention to the subject of the present discussion , and on whose powerful aid , the hon . baronet has told us , he places his chief reliance in this day 's conflict , when addressing you on one of the preliminary discussions relative to the production of papers , implored the house to weigh well the delicacy of the situation in which it stood , in coming to the consideration of this transaction . Who , he asked , was the accuser ? the British government . Who the judge ? the British government . To whom accrued the benefit of the convic- dence with any European or native power , without the consent of the said Company . '' 330 tion ? the British government . This , sir , is true ; and I hope with these impressions , and with an honest wish