nabob , and the kindness shewn to his sons , with the strong intimation of his hope that the nabob would do whatever may tend to the support of the religion of Mahomed.—What precise expectation this is intended to convey , is beyond my power to ascertain with distinctness , but the nature of the services looked for , may be in some slight degree conjectured , as well from what is deemed generally necessary to the support of the cause of the Mahomedan faith , namely the co-operation of all Mussulmans for the destruction of infidels , as from the known views and sentiments of the sultaun , and the services we shall find hereafter to have been actually rendered to him by the unquestionable fidelity of this our ancient and trusty ally.—Notwithstanding the contempt with which the worthy baronet has affected to treat the correspondence generally , he has vouchsafed , not without reason , to honour the next paper with a considerable portion of his attention , and laboured , if not suc- 335 cessfully , certainly zealously , to destroy the effect which such a paper can not fail to produce . It professes to be the key to a cypher—it bears the strongest internal evidence of having been contrived for correspondence embracing political subjects , and is authenticated by the signature of Omdut ul Omrah himself.—Ally Reza Khan , one of the vakeels , gives you the history and intention of it . He is asked if he ever saw the paper , he says , I have—it was instituted by Wallajah for the purposes of secret communication , and the original , I believe , is written in pencil by Khader Newaz , or some person about the nabob Wallajah . He says afterwards , To my knowledge it was never brought into use , it having been intended for use after the departure of the hostages , in case of necessity Again , It was delivered to Gholam Ally Khan by Khader Newaz Khan , and to me at my departure ( to Seringapatam ) by Gholam Ally Khan , who told me it had been composed for communication between Tippoo Sultaun and the nabobs Wallajah and Omdut ul Omrah . That a copy should be given to Tippoo , and the original brought back to Madras . Tippoo Sultaun , however , kept the original.—No one will feel surprize that some pains should be taken to discredit and invalidate this fatal document ; but till the ingenuity or eloquence of the hon . gent , can erase the contents of it , till he can rail away the signature that authenticates it , or completely pervert the course of human understanding , here it remains , and will ever remain , an irrefragable testimony of the faithlessness and duplicity of which it was devised to be the instrument . We are told cyphers are common in India—it may be so ; but to be used , I apprehend , as cyphers are habitually used in Europe , in confidential communications between a minister and his court : but this I believe is the first instance in the history of cyphers in which one was ever devised to be the means of communication between two courts ; if there ever was such an instance , I shall be most thankful to learn where it is to be discovered.—In his endeavours to throw discredit on this document , the hon . baronet has resorted to the observation of the key and the cypher being upon the same paper . The very mode , sir , of its transmission , in the course of which it was to pass only through the most confidential hands , may sufficiently account for this 336 circumstance . It is said too to be so aukward and ill-contrived , that it never could answer the purposes of secresy : Be it so , be it as wanting ingenuity as you will . What is its ingenuity to the purpose ? Ingenious or otherwise , it is still a cypher ; and no cypher is instituted except with the intention