Ame- 74 rican trade , in order that it might be transferred to British subjects . With an annual loss in trade , the company was obliged to borrow money annually to pay the dividends to the holders of stock . Therefore , until the monopoly was entirely put an end to , there ought to be a limitation of stock , and a stop put to the payment of dividends , unless the same could be paid out of the profits . considered the sum now demanded as nothing less than a gift ; and as Ireland must be obliged to contribute a part of it , he would now lay his claim on behalf of Ireland , to a revision of the act by which Ireland gave up her right to any part of the trade to India , in order that she might receive remuneration for her losses in consequence of this monopoly . This was the opinion of all the commercial bodies in Ireland , who felt that if they contributed anything towards relieving the East India company , they ought to have a share in the trade . declared that he had no wish to take the house by surprise , or to pass any measure of importance in a thin house ; but he conceived that many of the observations just made , had a tendency to prejudice the company in the eyes of the public , and therefore he would make a short reply to them . With respect to the trade of the Americans to India , the public laboured under a great mistake . The situation of Europe was such as necessarily to check the extent of our Indian trade ; and the neutral state of the Americans enabled them to derive advantages from that trade , which it was not in the power of the company to prevent . Whenever this case should come to be fully discussed before the house , sufficient evidence would be shewn to remove every prejudice that might exist on the subject . None other could supply the continent of Europe with Indian produce , but the Americans ; and it was not the fault of the company that they engrossed so great a share of the trade . With respect to the observations which fell from an hon . gent . ( Mr. Creevey , ) he did not know how far it was regular for a member of the committee to give an opinion from documents which , in that character , he had access to , and thus prejudice the judgment of the house , before any report was made . The company had the guarantee of parliament to expect that their present request would be granted . He denied that it was to be considered in the light of a gift ; and he hoped 75 the house would be of opinion , that the petition ought to be referred to the committee up stairs , as the best qualified to consider the nature of it . said , that it was clear , that whatever the company might be able to do at a future period , they were now unable to pay their dividend , and called upon that house to enable them by a sum of money , to be raised upon the country , to supply their deficiency , and enable them to pay the dividend of their particular stock . He thought that before the house agreed to dispose of 2,400,000l . of the public money , the public should know the real state of the company , and be no longer imposed upon by the delusions that had prevailed so long and to such extent . It might be right , or it might be wrong , to comply with the prayer of the petition , but in either case the country had a right to expect that there would be no underhand dealings , and that everything would be carried on , fairly and openly , Whether the total suppression of the company would be a national injury was a very different question ,