proposer of the motion should be nonsuited , because it was not laid on proper grounds . He had not , however , condescended , to state any grounds for the vote of those who were expected to oppose it . The hungry sheep looked up , but they were not fed ; they were not gratified with the boon of so much as a single argument . In opposition to the allegation of the gallant officer , Mr. Windham contended , that the 156 appointment was of the utmost importance , when combined with the other acts of ministers , the tenure by which they held their offices , the promotion of Mr. Giffard , and the curtailed grant to the college of Maynooth , in the discussion of which , to use a vulgar phrase , 'the cat had been let out of the bag ; ' and , after much legal-grammatical discussion on the meaning of the word toleration , which was derived from tolero , to endure , had avowed their intention , not indeed of altogether starving the catholics , but of putting them upon short allowance of religious instruction . Never , he confessed , was there such an instance of infatuation as they had exhibited on that occasion , for though they found the thing ready done to their hands , nothing would satisfy them but undoing it . The present appointment was a symptom indicative of their intention to persevere in the same system , and might be considered as a red flag hung out to the Irish catholics . thought it impossible to add to the arguments , or the provocation , which had been used to stimulate ministers to speak upon the present question . He could only now ask these right hon . gentlemen , in the language which had been put to a noble lord on another occasion ; ' Will you yet sit still in dumb despair ? ' He asked whether they were like a jury , agreed among themselves , and if they were , to speak by their foreman . They seemed to be completely spell-bound , as had just been stated by his right hon . friend ; but he perceived from their countenances that they were yet alive . He could easily read in the countenance of a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) , who was fond of sometimes reading in his , that that right hon . gent , was fully as impatient of his silence as was the house , and that if he would speak his sentiments , it would be in reprobation of the appointment of doctor Duigenan to a seat in the privy council . It was easy to perceive that there was no sympathy , no union in the cabinet , and that ministers were united only for the purpose of creating disunion . He observed that many gentlemen who were very regular in their attendance were absent from the house this evening , and among these several zealous supporters of ministers ; but of those who were present , he demanded if there was a single man who would rise up and approve of the appointment of doctor Duigenan to the office of privy counsellor . Reverting to the 157 obstinate silence of ministers , Mr. Whitbread expressed an apprehension that the incantation would not be dissolved till one of the parties went forth into the lobby . But when they did regain their power of utterance , he expected that they would make ample amends for their present taciturnity , He had read somewhere , that when the crew of lord Anson 's ship of discovery were in the cold latitude , their tongues seemed to be frost-bound , but that as soon as they came into more temperate regions , there was a clatter among them quite as remarkable as their former silence . In like manner , he had no doubt that the hon . gentlemen were now treasuring tip all the shot that was fired against them , with the intention of discharging it back against their