any of these gentlemen , he must think them unfit to judge on such a business ; and so he thought it better to apply to parliament . He concluded by moving , That there be laid before the house an Account of the East India stock by computation , on the 1st of March , 1808. declared , that in suggesting the persons who formed the committee on Indian affairs , he had nothing in view but to propose those who , from their knowledge of the subject , were most likely to give satisfactory information to the committee . He was sorry the hon . gent . had not objected to them at the time they were appointed . He confessed he did not see what progress could have been made in the inquiry without the assistance of the very persons alluded to . He was certain the hon . gent . would admit that no information in the power of the directors to procure had been withheld . The paper , however , which the hon . member first moved for , was one which must , in the course of a few days , come before the house , under the act of parliament . The committee was in the course of preparing a report , which would be submitted to the house along with every document necessary . There was no ground for supposing that the report would not be made , or that the house would be called on to grant any loan without having the requisite evidence before them in the first place . The motion was therefore premature , if not altogether unnecessary . He thought it was not perfectly candid of the hon . gent . to insinuate that any of the members of the committee would be induced from interested motives to make a report they would not otherwise have made . To shew that they were above all suspicion , he read the names of the committee , and concluded by moving the previous question . vindicated the position of his hon . friend relative to the constitution of the committee , and contended , that without meaning any personality or disrespect to any individual of which it was composed , it was perfectly competent to him to state any legal disqualification for their serving on such a committee . vindicated , at some length , the conduct of the committee ; he said as to himself , the situation which he held did by no means incapacitate him from judging and deciding fairly any question concerning the solvency or insolvency of the East India Company : his situation did not depend upon them , and his income was solely derived from the India revenue . was glad that his hon . friend had brought this question before the house , and should give his support to the motion . thought that his hon . friend had been harshly treated . Without meaning any personality , and disclaiming any intention of disrespect to any member of the committee , his hon . friend had alluded to the general unfitness , which arose from his immediate interest . But , certainly the imputation ought not to have been met by reading the list of the committee , but by enumerating the offices held by the members composing it . considered that the papers wanted would necessarily come under consideration when the committee should have made its report , and therefore , that the motion was premature . defended the character of the committee for impartiality , and had no objection to the production of the accounts , because he was convinced that they would convey a very favourable impression of the state of the company 's affairs . He deprecated , however , all discussion upon the subject before the committee made their report , not only as premature , but uncandid . As far as regarded his own conduct , he expressed a hope , that as a member of that committee , as well as in every other situation , his conduct would be guided by a principle