Mr. Palmer . —The house then divided : For the Motion 186 Against it 63 Majority —123 brought up the report of the committee on the Appropriation bill . The amendments were read a first and second time . On the motion , that they be agreed to , rose , and expressed him-self to the following effect : —Mr . Speaker ; As the session appears hastening to a close , I am desirous of putting to his majesty 's ministers some questions , with respect to the various internal and external relations of the empire , which , it appears to me , to be more convenient to state collectively , than to make them the subjects of separate discussions in this house . For this purpose , sir , I should have availed myself of the opportunity which the Vote of Credit afforded me , had I not been apprehensive , from circumstances of which the house must be aware , that such a proceeding at that time would have led to a discussion which , in my opinion , was to be deprecated . But , sir , by the usages of the house of commons , many occasions arise in which questions of the nature to which I have alluded , may be put to his majesty 's ministers , and the reception of the report of the Appropriation bill is one . I shall therefore take advantage of it.—Sir , the present session has been a very laborious one , and has extended to very great length : as much business has been done in the course of it , as was , perhaps , ever done in any preceding session of parliament . Not only , sir , has the attendance of members in the house itself , been most assiduous , and at the same time highly creditable to themselves , but also their attendance in the committees assembled upon matters of the deepest national importance . By the committee on the West India trade , a Report has been made , on which a bill was introduced into parliament , of which , as it has now become a law , I shall only say , treat I hope and wish it may conduce to afford the relief to the West India Planters predicted from it ; and I trust , sir , that the subsequent Reports which have been presented from the same committee , will meet with a serious investigation , and that every effort will be made to remedy the evils which they point out . The Committee on the Affairs of the East India Company have made a great progress in the execution of the task entrusted to them . I think the public has a right to expect that the Accounts between the government and the East India Company are finally closed ; and that the latter can have no further claim on the former . Long as the session of parliament has been , it certainly has been somewhat shortened in consequence of the recommendation of the right hon . gent . opposite to me ( Mr. R. Dundas ) to the East India Company , not to press 1044 for any assistance by loan or otherwise during the present session . I trust , sir , the right hon . gentleman near him consented to this postponement on a deliberate view of the subject , and that he will not be disposed , during the recess , to give way upon any alleged motives of temporary convenience . Early in the next session the subject may be brought under our consideration , and it will then be for the house of commons to decide upon it.—Sir , the result of the labours of another committee , of which I had the honour to be chairman ( the Lottery committee ) , has been this day presented to the house . Sir , I call the attention of the right hon . gent . opposite , and if it were possible , I would call the attention of all his successors in office , to