desirable for parties to purchase annuities for lives other than their own , and there were every day to be met many ruinous modes of accomplishing that object . In the present state of this country , there were many cases of persons , who , without injury to the interests of others , would purchase annuities , and the plan of his right hon . friend would enable them to do that at the fair money value of the funds at the time . His right hon . friend had stated only , that considering all circumstances of peace or war , there was a greater probability that the price of stocks would rise than fall , and as the average price of the redemption of the funds would be nearer to 80 than the present price , all the rise above the present price would be so much gain to the public . spoke shortly , as nearly as we could collect from the low tone of voice in which he delivered his sentiments , rather in terms of approbation of the plan . observed , that this plan certainly held out superior advantages to such as should be disposed to take advantage of it ; and deprecated the holding out any inducements to the lower classes to speculate in annuities . The finances of France had been in an embarrassed State at the time of resorting to the rentes 272 viagères , but that was not the case in this country at present , and it was dangerous for the state to speculate in such transactions . If there were vices in a country , government ought not to partake of them . In France there had been many instances of persons who sacrificed the interests of their posterity for their own immediate gratification . That was not consonant to the feelings of the people of this country , and he should therefore deprecate any measure that would have the effect of assimilating the habits and morals of this country with those of France . considered the statement of the chancellor of the exchequer perfectly clear but upon one point , the mode of calculating the value of lives . If the calculation was founded upon the tables of life , it would be a bad calculation for the public , because these tables were formed upon the ordinary probabilities of life , and the lives insured would be picked lives . He did not think the plan would succeed-to any extent , and he trusted it would not . A great part of the rise of the funds which had taken place since the last loan , had been produced by the stagnation of trade . The return of peace would , by giving other employment for capital , keep down the rise of the funds that would be produced by other causes . But , he apprehended that the funds would fall in consequence of a defalcation of revenue arising from the stagnation of trade . The plan upon which loans had hitherto been made in this country , was to procure them at a low rate of interest , and to give the individual the chance of the rise . Thus the burthen was laid upon posterity to relieve the present generation . The plan of the chancellor of the exchequer was the reverse , borrowing at five per cent . whereby we should have more interest to pay , and posterity less capital to redeem . He had not so sanguine a view of the state of the finances of the country as to think this change desirable . could not abstain from bearing his testimony to the immoral tendency of this plan . In all cases where government profited by the vices of the country , it connived at them . Thus it was that it was easier to procure licences for all the ale-houses in the country than to suppress one ; and to the profit government derived from the stamp duty upon them , it was owing that the country was so deluged with quack medicines . The same principle