upon to expel from among them a person who might , so long as 14 years since , have been concerned in a smuggling transaction ? However highly he valued the feelings which the right hon . gent . had alluded to , he could not agree that , in a time of peace , when the lieutenants of the navy had only a naked subsistence upon half-pay , any of them who might enter into the merchant service should be consigned to dishonour . It was injustice to sir Home to introduce these topics , when the charge was brought against the government : and they could not proceed to a censure upon an individual without following it up by some vindictive consequence . The substance of the charge was against the conduct of the late treasury , though there were many weighty phrases affecting the hon . officer , which the house could not agree to , unless coupled with some substantive charge 762 against him . In the year 1795 the right honourable gent . did not think so lightly as he appeared at present to do of the services of the gallant officer in securing the retreat of the army ; neither had the noble lord whose letter had been alluded to , and who had not forgotten those services so soon as the right hon . gent . It was not his intention to speak of capt . Robinson but with respect , yet the right hon . gent . seemed to exaggerate his services . The right hon . gent , had said , that that captain had been sent on with orders to detain the Etrusco . Had the right hon . gent , really read the papers upon which he was to decide as a judge ? Could he say that any statement of such orders was to be found in these papers ? [ It was here said across the table , that the fact might be true though not in the papers . ] Had , then , the right hon . gent , not only decided himself , but endeavoured to make the house decide upon a statement , which he did not know to be correct ? Had he proceeded upon these grounds against an individual whose honour and character were at issue , and upon which he was to pronounce as judge ? What had been done in this case , was every day done ; and even , as his learned friend near him informed him , had taken place by a remission of forfeitures in nine different causes that day in the court of exchequer.—After stating the proportion condemned to capt . Robinson , and restored to sir Home Popham , the chancellor of the exchequer contended , that there never had been a case in which money was more properly assigned . If any gentleman could place his hand on his heart , and say , that he believed the government had acted from corrupt motives , he would vote for the censure . But he deprecated the general charge made by the right hon . gent . of the various instances of misapplication of these funds , as calculated to produce the most injurious consequences . After a few observations on the nature and circumstances of the traffic which had been charged as illicit , the right hon . gent . concluded by expressing his confidence , that the house would meet the Resolutions by a direct negative . said , that the ground on which the misapplication of 18,000l . was defended was , that large sums of money had been voted for other purposes ; but extravagance in one respect was no vindication of prodigality in another . It was complained that the affair at Copenhagen 763 was introduced as a sort of episode to these charges ; and yet so fond was the gallant officer of taking a voyage thither , that before he proceeded to the East Indies in his narrative , he paid a visit to that capital . The plain truth of the case was , that