present collected was merely 350l . per annum , a sum wholly inadequate to the object originally in the view of the legislature , which was the augmenting the benefices , and otherwise improving the livings of the poorer clergy . It was on that account that he wished to render more effectual what the bounty of the crown had destined for such a benevolent purpose . It would be sufficient to state to the house , that a large proportion of the parishes in Ireland were not at all valued , and therefore contributed nothing towards the ob- 278 ject in view . He might reckon , that there were 1,500 parishes , whose First Fruits were valued , while there were about 900 remaining still unvalued . The valuations had taken place at so early a period as the reign of queen Anne , and therefore bore no proportion to what they now ought to be . It was his intention to propose that the payment of the First Fruits should not attach to any living that did not amount to 250l . per annum.—From every calculation he had been able to make , it appeared to him that the revenues of the First Fruits , when properly valued and collected throughout all the different parishes , after deducting all expences , would produce between 20,000l . and 30,000l . per annum . This sum would be the means of increasing the poorer benefices of Ireland ; and he thought it would be more proper in the legislature to look to this mode of making that fund productive , than to pay out of the treasury a sum of money for that purpose , which would affect the body of the people , without any reason or ground being first laid down . It should not affect any of the present incumbents , so as to be a burden upon them . Upon the whole , he could not help thinking that the measures which he proposed would be attended with very salutary and most beneficial consequences . The right hon . baronet then concluded with moving for leave to bring in the said bill . opposed the motion , He said he believed the valuation that now existed had taken place in the reign of Henry 8 , and one great consideration now was , whether the clergy were not in general already sufficiently provided for ? He thought , at least , that there were many already sufficiently provided for , while others were not so ; but the measure now proposed would go to benefit them all equally . It was true that many of the clergy did not pay the First Fruits , but the inequality in that instance was so exceedingly small , that it was not worth while to alter the valuation ; the more especially as there were other funds for enlarging glebe houses in Ireland ; and the sum now proposed to be granted in addition for that purpose , not being very large , he believed the house would think with him , that there was no ground for agreeing to this bill . said , he certainly thought the object of the proposed bill was of such a nature , that every one ought to agree to it . The right hon . general did not deny 279 that the benefices in Ireland were exceedingly unequal ; the superior clergy being well provided for , and the inferior not so . That appeared to him to be the chief , if not the sole ground for this bill . Its object was to obtain the First Fruits revenue in the manner originally intended , and to apply it for the advantage of the smaller description of the clergy . His right hon . friend had stated , that he meant to exclude those clergymen from payment of the first-fruits , whose benefices did not amount to 250l . a year . He was as much disposed as any man to resist an innovation upon church property , but this was a decided payment , which , from the