in interest and importance , and towards the monarch of that kingdom , whose gallant exertions so justly claimed our warmest wishes and admiration , the conduct of his majesty 's ministers would also , he trusted , appear to be without reproach . When the time came freely to unfold the principles and the views which had guided that conduct , whenever that moment arrived , he should not shrink from that inquiry ; but on the contrary , be most forward and eager to court it . He hoped , that under circumstances like the present , he should not be expected to enter into any details , but be allowed to expect that their lordships might be assured that his majesty 's government would neglect nothing which the nature of the circumstances , both of this and of other countries , might suggest and require . still retained his objections to the bill , on which , however , he should 1110 not now again dwell , but rather follow the example of his noble friend near him , and shortly express his opinion of the present aspect of affairs . What was the extent of the means of the Spanish patriots , or what their future views respecting a change in their government , he did not pretend to be accurately informed of . Of the spirit that actuated them he had no doubt ; and from the nature of the country , and the resources which that spirit would supply , he willingly took the most auspicious omens . It held out a prospect of things which authorized the best hopes ; and he anxiously expected it would be improved and taken advantage of . Much would depend upon the spirit and the views with which the government of this country would now act towards Spain . His advice was , that their spirit should be most liberal , their views most explicit , their objects most distinct , and most plainly understood . If they attempted at all to assist the efforts of Spain to resist her invaders , they should broadly explain , not only what they intended to do , but also what they did not intend to do . Above all , they should convince the Spaniards , that in assisting them we had no private interests to promote , no selfish objects to attain , no favourite forms of government to prescribe , no commercial advantage to require , no exclusive partialities to insist on ; that we disinterestedly assisted Spain to achieve what the Spanish people were hazarding every thing to accomplish ; that we were consequently willing to guarantee the integrity of the Spanish empire , and to negotiate with any form of government which the Spanish people were disposed to adopt , or with any family which they might choose to call to the throne , if they decided on a monarchical form , whether limited or unlimited . Not a moment should be lost in laying down agreements of that nature . The time for acting was the present moment , and his majesty 's ministers would be seriously responsible , if , for any petty considerations , such as those he had alluded to , the opportunity should be lost . He should again repeat , that the ground of co-operation and assistance between the two countries , should be broad , liberal , and thoroughly understood on both sides . could by no means assent to a principle laid down by his noble friend ; he meant the guaranteeing the integrity of the Spanish empire . He considered the Spanish possessions in South . 1111 America as lost from the present moment , and severed for ever from the mother country . It was , therefore , for the government of this country , a commercial and maritime nation , to watch the fall of the Spanish colonies . He could not otherwise look with security and satisfaction to the British interests in that quarter.—The bill was then read a third time . rose to call the attention of the house to certain rumours