and cranks mantled like a standing pool , ' and again ' I am sir Oracle , when I speak , let no dog bark . ' Though he was decidedly of opinion that Mr. Palmer 's Claims were founded in justice , he did not think they were at all at stake that night , but that the house should 1040 use every effort to maintain its dignity and insist upon its privileges ; for if they supported the motion of the chancellor of the exchequer , they would be looked upon as the poorest and most submissive creatures in existence . —I would not , sir , at this late hour , trespass on the patience of the house , had not the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Rose ) reflected on Mr. Palmer 's character , in a manner which , so far from being justified by the evidence , is completely refuted . The right hon . gent . has again reverted to his favourite argument of the letters ; and from them has attempted to infer that Mr. Palmer did not act with integrity . Now , my lord Walsingham was asked by the committee , whether he had ever any reason to doubt Mr. Palmer 's personal integrity ? the noble lord 's answer was , `` No , never in the smallest degree . '' And my lord Chesterfield , to the same question , gave exactly the same answer ; and these were the last persons to be supposed favourable to Mr. Palmer . Is it , then , to be supposed , that if any circumstance had occurred to justify such an assertion , that they would have withheld the publication of it ? I think those Letters contain nothing but what is very excusable ; for when we consider , that Mr. Palmer had embarked his honour , his reputation , his fortune , and every thing that was dear to him , on this undertaking , and that if it had failed , every thing he had staked must fall with it , we can hardly imagine he would have expressed himself more mildly in a confidential letter of those , who , he had good reason to believe , were using every endeavour in their power , under the veil of office , to thwart his plans , destroy his hopes , and render abortive all his expectations of realizing the great considerations he had ventured on his success . Yet even admitting Mr. Palmer 's alleged indiscretion beyond a doubt , the public word is given , and it must be redeemed or forfeited by the conduct of this house . Mr. Palmer 's deserts and the equity of his demands have been copiously debated , and have been honourably confirmed and admitted by five very large majorities . They must , therefore , be considered as entirely separate from this night 's contest . We are this night to assert or resign a privilege , which has always been considered a peculiar and established right . I do think it a most impolitic step , if we resign one inch of our peculiar liberties : for surely there can not 1041 be discovered a more dangerous , a more mischievous precedent , than yielding ever so small a concession , to the other branch of the legislature in pecuniary matters . For the sake of its own privileges , its own dignity , its own consistency , the house should reject this motion , especially when it is obvious that the design is to set at nought and reverse an opinion , solemnly declared and delivered by the house on five different nights . denied that the general merits of the case of Mr. Palmer formed the question now before the house . The only question was , how the vote passed by this house , and to be adhered to so far as this house was concerned , should be sent to the lords , whether in the Appropriation Act , or in a separate bill . He maintained that all the