as to make any individual at party to it in any regular manner . With respect to the other paper , I did state , that although that paper was not drawn up as an official communication , my lord Cornwallis communicated it to the Catholics in Ireland , as that which was understood to be descriptive of the feelings of those who retired from office . That is to say , that paper , so communicated by my lord Cornwallis to the Catholics of Ireland , contained what were supposed to be the sentiments of certain individuals who had then recently retired from government , who had felt themselves unable to bring that subject forward with advantage , or with any prospect of success . But the house will not forget that those very gentlemen , who , retired from their situations in government , because they could not succeed in their object in favour of the Catholics , stated , most unequivocally , that if the Catholic claims should be urged , hostilely to government , those very individuals who thus retired from government , not only would not support , but would strenuously oppose the assertion of such claims . Now , as to the other point to which the right hon . gent . has alluded , as to the administration of the duke of Bedford , he has told us that he , and not the duke of Bedford , was chiefly instrumental in advising this claim to be made ; and even he admits , that the answer of the government of this country was , that they did not think 619 the claim , if made , could be successful . The truth is , that even that administration , at least a great part of that administration , thought , that the bringing forward of the claim , at that time , would not only be injurious to the claim itself , but generally injurious to the country . So that we have it clearly proved , that even that application not only had not the sanction of the duke of Bedford , but was disapproved by a considerable part even of that administration . They thought it an application which could not serve either the claim itself , or the country . contradicted the statement of lord Castlereagh , respecting the motives which urged Mr. Pitt and his colleagues to abdicate the government in 1801. expressed a particular wish to know upon what authority the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Ponsonby ) grounded his statement relative to the disposition of the Irish clergy as to the future appointment of their Bishops ; as that circumstance , if well founded , must serve to remove a principal objection to the Catholic claims ? answered , that he made the statement upon the authority of Dr. Milner , who was a Catholic Bishop in this country , and who was authorised by the Catholic Bishops of Ireland to make the proposition , in case the measure of Catholic Emancipation should be acceded to . The proposition was this , that the person to be nominated to any vacant bishopric should be submitted for the king 's approbation ; and , that if the approbation was refused , another person should be proposed , and so on in succession , until his majesty 's approbation should be obtained , so that the appointment should finally rest with the king . .—Sir ; considering the lateness of the night , and the state , of this question , as it stands upon the arguments which have been urged on either side , I think it will be unnecessary for me to detain the house any considerable length of time ; I shall therefore compress what I have to say upon the subject as much as I can . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Ponsonby ) , was indignant that this subject should be taken up by a gentleman on the ether side of the house as a party question , and he himself disclaims party feelings and party motives in