in reply to what had fallen from the right hon . the Secretary at War . He was extremely surprised at the manner in which his motion had been received by that right hon . gentleman , as it appeared to him , that a matter of greater importance , or more peculiarly important in the present times , could not possibly be submitted to the consideration of the house . He thought they would do ill by the country , and that they would do ill by its gallant army , if they were to leave out of their consideration entirely the sufferings to which that army , and the individuals that composed it , were daily exposed . If this consideration was at all times due to the army , it was more , peculiarly due to it at a time when it comprised so considerable a portion of our population , and when , by the institution of the Local Militia , every man in England was affected by the military code of the country.—He did not think that considerations of that nature should be answered by old trite observations , of military discipline being a necessary thing , and of disciplined troops being better than those that were undisciplined . Such general observations were not of weight enough to be entitled to put a stop to all discussion upon the subject . As to the objection of the great difficulty in obtaining such returns , he could not but conceive that those returns could be easily procured from every regiment in the service . As to the great danger that there was supposed to be in parliament meddling at all with the discipline of the army , he was enabled , in support of his own opinion , to cite the authority of Mr. Justice Blackstone , who in speaking of the Mutiny Act , said , `` That the Mutiny Act was an act hastily penned , and he wished that it should be , some time or another , submitted to the deliberate consideration of parliament . '' It was not , therefore , extraordinary that he should view the subject in the same light that Blackstone viewed it , or that he should think that this was a lime peculiarly proper for such a consideration . When the whole population of the country were becoming military , and perhaps ought to become military , at such a time it was peculiarly necessary that the military code should be made as congenial to the feelings of the nation as was consistent with the proper ends of military discipline . He could not see what objection there was to producing information upon the subject , as the house would have afterwards the power 1118 of determining , according to their discretion , upon the information so received . If the information was laid before the house , and the house , upon deliberate consideration , found that the system of corporal punishment could not be got rid of , it would at least be satisfactory to the public to know , that the subject had occupied the serious attention of the legislature . It might , perhaps , be found , that the system was at least capable of receiving a good deal of modification ; and that it should not be left to the caprice , folly , or accidental disposition and character of mind of particular commanders , what punishment those under their command were to be subject to . It was well known in the army , that under one officer corporal punishments were seldom or never known in a regiment ; but that when the same regiment passed under the command of another officer , they became frequent . It was in vain to say that the character of the English soldiers made the frequency of those punishments necessary ; for it was well known , that some officers , much to their credit , preserved the discipline of their regiments , and increased their reputation , without often recurring to this mode of punishment ; whereas there were other officers