regiments of 1120 cavalry were much fuller now than at the time the hon . baronet alluded to , and that on that account the punishments might be supposed to be more numerous . He anticipated the feelings of the house , and the disapprobation they would express to the motion . He conceived the statement was a most injurious misrepresentation of our military code . No soldiers excelled the English soldiers in their attachment to their king , and their fidelity to their country , or who testified it more , when their fidelity and attachment were put to the test . He was sure that the majority of that house , and the great mass of the country , would disapprove of interfering with the established discipline . was of opinion , that the full rigour of the military code ought not to be applied to the local militia . But with respect to its application to the regular army he differed widely from the hon . baronet , as he did almost on everything he brought before the house . It was not only by the previous form of a court martial that the arbitrary infliction of punishment was guarded against , but by the inspection of the visiting general officers , who were to see the regimental returns of the courts martial , of the punishments that should have taken place , and of the degree and manner in which those punishments should have been executed ; of all which particulars the commander in chief required particular reports to be made to him . The general officers were also instructed to inquire of the men , as they passed the companies , whether they had any grievance to complain of . With all these checks there could be no instance of wanton or capricious punishment . The use of the cane was entirely laid aside in consequence of the denunciation of his majesty 's severe displeasure . He thought it necessary to state these facts , to prevent the public mind from receiving a false impression on a matter so important . supported the motion of the hon . baronet . He agreed entirely in the eulogium which was bestowed by a noble lord on the character of English soldiers ; but he thought that very eulogium was an argument in favour of the motion , as it shewed that such men did not deserve to be subjected to more disgraceful or severe punishments , than were those in the other armies of the world . The noble lord , however , had advanced no reason against the motion of the hon . baronet , 1121 although he had made some comments upon his speech . If by the returns moved for , it should appear that those punishments were not very frequent , and that they were administered in a steady , even , course of justice , then the production of such a return would be the best answer that could be given to the speech of the worthy baronet . If , on the contrary , it appeared ( as he believed no gentleman out of that house would deny ) , that the system of punishment was by no means uniform or regular , but was different in one regiment from another , and in the same regiment , when it changed its commander , he thought it was evident that that was not an equal or impartial code , and that the system ought to be reformed or modified . The object of the motion was to find out the manner in which this military code was exercised . It was well known that every regiment was subject , to the same military code , and yet , if this code in some regiments , or under some officers , should be found infinitely more severe than in others , it was necessary to guard those regiments , and the army at large , from the consequences of the caprice of individual officers . did not conceive that such return would enable the house to form a correct judgment on the