a man of whatever denomination of Christians , when he found him sincere and in earnest in the religion which he professed.—Towards the Catholics of Ireland in particular he declared that he felt nothing but good will , and a disposition to conciliate their affections to their protestant fellow subjects by all practicable means . As to the general education of their laity , if not already in a sufficient degree provided for by the state , he thought it an object that we were particularly bound to promote . He intimated even , that the giving a maintenance to their clergy would not in his judgment be liable to the same objections , or by no means in an equal degree , that he felt as a Protestant to the proposition now before the house.—He added , that in his sincere opinion , pious Catholics must rather feel unfavourable sentiments towards us , than gratitude or attachment , on the score of this very objectionable mode of assistance ; and that it was calculated rather to injure , than serve the Protestant cause in Ireland ; for it would be an argument , not easily to be answered , against our sincerity in our religious tenets , and against all those civil distinctions which had occasioned discontent , and of which the Catholics of Ireland , till lately , had too much reason to complain , that Protestants thought the differences between the two Churches so immaterial as to train up clergymen , at their own expence , to teach the Roman faith . was sorry to see gentlemen enter so largely into an attack on the religion of one-fifth of the subjects of these kingdoms . He believed they spoke in the sincerity of their hearts , and from the purest motives ; but these would produce consequences deadly to the interests of this country , and advantageous to France . To discourage the education of the catholic 128 clergy in Ireland , and thereby to drive them to the continent , in other words , to receive the precepts and charity of Buonaparte , was to throw them at his feet , and of course to teach them to detest England . read the oath of the catholic priests , in order to shew that they paid an obedience to the pope , which was inconsistent with the king 's supremacy . The provisions for the education of the established clergy , fell short of those proposed to be granted for the priests at Maynooth . There were in the University of Dublin , 30 poor scholars , who got but a dinner once a day ; and 72 scholars of the house that got a dinner once a day , and no lodgings . He described the catholics as bad subjects and hostile to the state . to order , objected to the use of such language in speaking of 4,000,000 of his majesty 's subjects . declared , that the freedom of debate did not preclude such language . repeated his former sentiments . He declared , that if any one would move to withdraw the public aid altogether from Maynooth , he would second the motion . could not help congratulating the councils of his majesty , and the British empire , on the wisdom and liberality they were likely to acquire in the person of the learned gent , who had just sat down , and who , if report spoke correctly , was about to assume the title of 'right honourable . ' If ever there was a mark of wisdom in the councils of any country , it was to be found in this latter circumstance , joined to the refusal of the higher grant now moved for . Ministers were now about to recommend to his majesty to take into his councils a gentleman , who told that house that four millions of his majesty 's subjects were hostile to his government , and would , in case of emergency , be its bitterest enemies . He called on the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , to