, who said , that the Union should not be violated for conve- 521 nience . For his part , he thought that it ought not to be violated upon any grounds whatever ; for if it were once broken in upon , who was to be the judge how far the innovations should go ? This country had gained every thing by the Union , and Ireland had lost her existence as an independent kingdom . He opposed the measure as tending to depress the farmer ; and thought it was unwise of the house to interfere , except at a time of dire necessity . The oracle of the ministerial benches had said that there was not any danger of a scarcity , adding , that the farmer could not be injured by the suspension . This kind of argument was preposterous . It must be allowed that the farmer had only three markets ; first , the consumption of provisions ; second , the breweries ; and third , the distilleries . If they cut off one of those markets , the farmer would only raise grain sufficient for the other two . If the three markets were continued , and an actual scarcity came on , the stoppage of the distilleries would always secure a sufficient supply ; but if they used sugar in the distilleries , the country could hope for no such resource . Distillation from grain always left a surplus in the country , and it never yet had been known , that when his majesty , by the advice of his council , had issued a proclamation for the stopping of the distilleries , that indemnity had been denied . said , he had never felt more surprize at any proceeding in parliament , than at the warmth of opposition with which he had seen this measure met , and he particularly thought the objections to the mode in which it had been brought forward were ill founded . It had been said , that the house had been taken by surprize , and that , out of a Committee instituted for the purpose of enquiring into and suggesting remedies for the distresses of the West India Planters , had arisen a proposition materially affecting the agriculture of the kingdom , a proposition which they were not competent to entertain or to judge of , and which the house could not have looked for from a committee so constituted . A bare reference to the appointment of the Committee would prove the fallacy of this representation . The Committee is expressly appointed to 'enquire and report how far it may be 'practicable and expedient to confine the 'Distilleries of the united kingdom to the 'use of Sugar and Molasses only , and also 'what other provision can be made for 522 'the relief of the growers of Sugar in the 'British West India colonies , & c. & c.'—And was it not a matter of indifference whether the words 'confining the distilleries , 'to sugar , ' or 'forbidding the use of grain 'in the distilleries ' were used ? The result to the growers of grain , at least , was exactly the same . He had come down to the house the night the appointment of the committee was moved , and did expect that the measure thus announced would have occasioned some conversation : but the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer appeared at that time to be in unison with the general sentiment of the house , and when he named a Committee , as he in a pointed manner declared , with a view to impartial enquiries , and comprising a portion of every description of the leading interests in that house , there had been not the smallest objection uttered , either against the names of the Committee , or against their competency to all the branches of the enquiry submitted to them . And why , he wished to know , was not the committee competent , as well to ascertain the expediency of stopping for a limited time the Distillation from Grain