ground ; and that it should be stated , that , independant of the West Indian interest , there were good reasons for the adoption of such a measure ? That was his view of the subject , and the view of his noble friend , who had kept strictly to the spirit of the Report . The hon . general was , however , indignant at the delay , and said , that from the 1st of July to the 1st of October , the distilleries would be stopped at any rate . But his noble friend here again had only followed the spirit of the committee 's recommendation ; for the committee had proposed , that the suspension should commence from the 1st of July , and continue till July in the following year , still leaving a discretionary power with the crown . The proposition of his noble friend , that the distillation from sugar should commence on the first of July , and continue till Oct. with a discretionary power in the crown to continue it still further till 30 days after the meeting of the next session of parliament , was in substance exactly correspondent to the Report.— [ General Gascoyne said across the table , that he understood that sugar was not to be substituted between July and Oct. except in a case of scarcity . ] That , indeed , would have afforded some ground for the hon . general 's objection ; but his noble friend had expressly stated that sugar was to be substituted ; and the hon . general might recollect , that he had mentioned his intention of proposing a reduction of the duty on sugar-wash , in order to enable the distilleries to employ sugar with advantage . Another reason for desiring an interval was , to consider how the difficulty , with respect to Ireland , could be got over . The hon . gent , over the way ( Mr. Fitzgerald ) , who had expressed himself so strongly with regard to a recommendation of the committee which he considered as an attempt to violate the act of Union , was hardly reasonable in his objection to a compromise by which that difficulty was done away , and the resolution proposed in such a shape as made it a common question with respect to both countries . That this rendered the proposition more difficult he allowed ; but when 442 both countries were united , and the trade in grain perfectly free between them , it appeared that there was no step that could be taken to save the grain here that , did not equally apply to Ireland . When there was abundance or scarcity in one country , it would be equally felt in the other . If the prices here were high , they must be high there , and vice versa , so that the same measure of precaution ought to apply to both . If this had been solely a competition of interests , there was no question that the landed interest ought to have the preference ; but when another interest might be promoted without prejudice to the landed interest , surely the proposition could not be rejected , merely because a measure , expedient in itself , might happen to afford relief to the sugar planters . He agreed , therefore , that the question ought not to be argued on the ground of relief to the West India planters ; although that was not to be thrown out of consideration entirely . He then put it to the judgment of the house , whether though fortunately there was not at present a scarcity , yet in the deficiency of the means of supply , and the badness of the crop , under the apprehension of a possible scarcity , with the foreign ports shut against us , it was not wise to provide beforehand against those threatening appearances ? Those who put the question on the general principle , did not argue fairly , for the present was different from ordinary cases ; and hence the hon .