right to say , that such monsters and villains as Scroggs and Jeffries had filled the office of judge ; but it was impossible for him to have found any resemblance between them and the noble and learned lord ; and if that noble and learned lord felt any resemblance , it was more than any other noble lord was disposed to do in that house . The rash misconception and precipitancy which had been applied to what had fallen from himself , convinced his mind that it might be improper to delegate the power proposed by that bill even to that noble and learned lord . The motion for discharging the order was negatived . On the question being put for the third reading of the bill , objected to it , observing that the operation of the bill would 711 bear hard upon the poor . A wealthy man , if arrested on a charge of misdemeanor , would find no difficulty in procuring bail , but a poor man might find it impossible ; and in that case he would be sent to gaol . observed , that the noble lord 's objection was too general , inasmuch as it would apply to the general operation of the law in holding to bail ; but the fact was , that reference was always had to a man 's circumstances , and the amount of bail regulated accordingly . His lordship shortly detailed the provisions of the bill , respecting which it was for the house to decide . repeated several of his former objections to the bill , and contended that no necessity had been shewn for making any alteration in the law as established by our ancestors . He particularly objected to that part of the bill which placed the attorney general on a level with a grand jury , and authorized the holding to hail upon information filed ex officio . went over some of his former arguments in favour of the bill , and with respect to informations filed by the attorney general , contended , that the reason of the thing required that it should neat be merely a notice to the party to run away , but that there should be the means of compelling the party to answer . With respect to the objection , that the attorney general was not compelled to receive affidavits of the facts on which he filed an information , it perhaps might be thought expedient by the court of king 's bench not to hold a man to bail on such an information unless it was supported by an affidavit . contended , that no inconvenience had been shewn to have resulted from the present practice which it was at nil necessary to remedy . He objected therefore to making an unnecessary alteration in the law . He had a right to suppose in arguing this question , the case of an attorney general being the instrument of a tyrannical government , and then the provisions of this bill might prove highly injurious to the liberty of the subject . objected to the bill upon similar grounds . He had expected that the noble and learned lord would have acknowledged the statement respecting the expressions used by him to have been erroneous . still thought that the expressions were improperly applied to him . again denied that the expressions were intended to be applied to the noble and learned lord , and objected to any reference to expressions used in a former debate . After some further conversation , the house divided on the question for the third reading : Contents 53 ; Non-contents 0.—Majority 7. said , he rather believed the government of the country had good grounds for confining those several persons : it was about the period of the last rebellious insurrection which broke out in Dublin . observed , that the mere declaration of the right hon . baronet , that he 'rather believed ' the government of the day had good grounds for confining these petitioners , was rather a vague mode of 713 justifying so severe an injury to