declare for them also . The hon . colonel then alluded to the offer made by order of Buonaparte , to induce Irish Students to go for education to France from Lisbon and Ireland , upon a promise of a restoration of all the Irish bourses , and read an extract from the answer of the Irish Catholic Bishops , stating their gratitude to the government for the liberal support of Maynooth , and denouncing suspension against any functionaries , and exclusion from preferment in Ireland against any students , who should accept the offers of the enemy of their country . Would any one say after that , that the Catholics were not to be confided in ? If they were not to be trusted , why not dismiss them from the army and navy ? Why allow them to vote at elections ? Why had lord Westmoreland come down to the Irish parliament 123 and said , that nothing was to be granted to them , and why had he in six weeks after said that they were the best subjects in the realm , and that they should get the elective franchise and other privileges ? —Why had the duke of Portland , the present prime minister , said the same ? But this was not the act of ministers . He was sorry to be obliged to allude to the conduct of any of the royal family . But , however , it was rumoured that even the ministers were disposed to agree to the grant , till they went to St. James 's Palace , and were closeted for several hours with a royal duke , after which they resorted to the present reduction . That royal duke was the chancellor of the University of Dublin ; he was chancellor of a Protestant School , and might wish to put down the education of the Catholics , but no man who knew or valued Ireland as he did himself , could countenance such a project . Unless they acted liberally by the Catholics , they would run the hazard of losing Ireland . lamented the secret influence by which the measures of the government were defeated , and the interests of the country sacrificed . Even the cabinet could not be agreed upon this reduction . Neither the duke of Portland , lord Camden , a right hon . secretary , not then in his place , nor a noble lord high in his majesty 's councils , who was also absent , could have concurred in this proceeding . If any one duty was more imperious than another upon that house , it was that of providing for the education of the great body of his majesty 's subjects in Ireland . disclaimed the odious principle of intolerance . The memorial of the Catholics which led to the establishment at Maynooth , claimed no pecuniary aid . The Catholics promised to defray the whole expence themselves , and though the government and parliament gave them 8000l . in aid of the object , that was no reason that the country should be subject to constantly increasing demands , for a purpose of which there was no precedent in any age or country , that of educating at the public expence the priesthood of a religion differing widely from the established one . He thought it was as much as reasonably could be asked , to educate 250 persons at the public expence , who , with 111 educated in a private manner , were an abundant supply for the Catholic ministry . He took tins opportunity to deny all knowledge of any 124 interposition of a high personage to influence the conduct of his majesty 's ministers upon this question , and declared on the faith and honour of a man , his firm belief that no such influence had been exercised in any quarter . was not surprised that the right hon . gent . was so indignant at the imputation of secret influence , when it was so well known that the present administration was formed on principles particularly repugnant , to