am ready to admit , that there did , however , exist , at that moment , circumstances of danger to the reformed religion which certainly have not at any subsequent time I mean in the bigotted zeal of the duke of York , aided , as he was , by persons of the highest rank and power in the country . Put , with the exclusion of that infatuated monarch , that danger ceased ; and the restraints on liberty of conscience , since continued , have been wanton and unnecessary.—With respect to the revolution , much misrepresentation has taken place ; and , enquiring into its real principle and justification , it is better to refer to those documents furnished by the great authors of it , than to trust the partial comments of modern historians.—The too great documents , in this point , are the resolutions of both houses of parliament , declaring the throne vacant , and the subsequent address to the prince and princess of Orange , embodied in the Pill of Rights . 584 What says the first ? `` Whereas k. James 2 , having endeavoured to subvert the constitution of the kingdom , had abdicated the government ; and the throne is thereby vacant . '' Not a word of religion . And it is extraordinary , considering that almost all his cabinet were either avowed , or concealed , Catholics , and that his measures against the church had been outrageous and violent , that religion should have been so much kept out of sight . The Bill of Rights likewise enumerates political grievances : 'the dispensing powers : 'the high commission : levying money ; 'and raising and keeping armies in peace 'without consent of parliament : and de-'mands freedom of debate , and frequency 'of parliaments . ' These were the Rights violated ; to guard which the hereditary succession of the crown was changed.—But the great leaders in the revolution saw , that the danger of the country was absolute power ; and however strongly the mind of James may have been influenced by bigotry , so far from serving , it counteracted his efforts to establish a despotism ; and afforded his enemies a favourable means of rendering him and his cause odious to this country.—So in the resolution for a new settlement of the crown , from whence the present royal family derive their title , what are the stipulations made ? Nothing , with respect to religion , but the communion of the sovereign . They are all political , and of high importance . 'That privy counsellors 'shall sign acts of council . That foreign'ers shall be incapable of holding offices . 'That England shall not be involved in 'foreign wars . That no pardon shall be 'pleadable to an impeachment . That no 'person , holding an office or pension un-'der the king , shall be capable of sitting 'in the house of commons . That the 'commissions of the judges shall be perma-'nent , and their salaries fixed . ' Such is the matter of these great state transactions ; and from them we can derive no sanction for laws , which were unnecessarily passed , under the influence of casual factious motives ; and which deprive the state of the zeal and services of large portions of its subjects . The real security of the reformed religion was in its adoption by the majority of the state . The Catholic religion , allying itself with the exiled family , became suspected of favouring arbitrary power , and therefore an object of jealousy and precaution . But the great end and purpose of the double viola- 585 tion of the hereditary title to the throne , in 1688 , and 1701 , was the accomplishment and security of civil and political liberty . And certainly no man , who values freedom , can doubt , that the violations of liberty , committed by James , and his atrocious attacks on the independence of parliament , were fully sufficient to account for , and to justify the revolution . Whatever just ground there