, under whom it was much practised , and it was not remarked that their regiments were much improved by it . He should not hesitate to name a particular regiment in illustration of his argument . The 15th Light Dragoons had formerly gained reputation for discipline at home , and for good conduct when abroad . It had , as he understood , been for nearly eight years under the command of an officer who was not fond of inflicting corporal punishments , and in the space of eight years there had been , as he understood , but six corporal punishments in the regiment , which was at that time remarkable for its discipline and good conduct . That regiment had , however , now got another commander ( the duke of Cumberland ) ; and while it was under his command , he was informed that there had been no less than 80 punishments in less than half that period ; and he was told that the regiment was likely to be spoiled . He thought it was most evident that soldiers should not be left , in this respect , to the caprice or accidental character of the different individuals who should happen to command it . The right hon . secretary said , that discipline must be kept up in an army : this was a thing which every body 1119 knew ; but other armies kept up their discipline without having recourse to the punishment of the lash . The enemy with whom we were contending , had also disciplined armies , although there were no such disgraceful punishments in his armies . He would not believe that there was any thing in the character of English soldiers which required a much greater severity of treatment than any other army , perhaps with the exception of the Russian army . was surprised at the hon . baronet having conceived that this was a proper period to bring forward such a motion . He hardly knew how to argue against the hon . baronet , as their views upon almost every subject were so totally different , that there was scarcely a point of coincidence . He wondered , however , that if the hon . baronet felt the subject of so great importance , he should have slept over it until the session was just upon the close . If the returns could be made , and it appeared that punishments were frequent , that would not support the argument of the hon . baronet , as it would be a greater proof of the existence of offence than of the impropriety of the punishment . The motion of the hon . baronet , connected with the observations he had formerly made , did look like a settled and systematic intention to bring the military code of the country into disrepute . In the French code , to which he appeared to give so great a preference , the officers could , without any trial , inflict the punishment of death , upon any soldier whom he should conceive to have committed an offence that deserved it . When they , had such a power , corporal punishment might not be so necessary . If corporal punishment existed in our army , it was because by the English code no man 's life or person could be touched or shaken without the decision of a competent tribunal . The hon . baronet had , however , found an opportunity to insinuate that punishments in the army depended on the caprice , folly , or passion of commanding officers , and to mention the name of an illustrious commander . He must have known , however , that no man could be punished in the army , but by the sentence of a court-martial , the members of which were upon their oaths . The house might therefore judge with what degree of liberality and candour it was that he drew his views , from what he had stated to have taken place in one particular regiment . He must also observe , that the