her fate . '' He stated that `` he had received positive orders from the emperor , that the Bosphorus should be shut against all Russian ships of war and all Russian vessels carrying military stores , & .c . '' and this at a time when Sebastiani must have well known that Russia had a right by treaty to send what ships she pleased through the Bosphorus . In a succeeding paragraph of the note it was observed , `` that that passage could not be opened to the Russians by the Turks without committing an act of hostility against France , and giving to Napoleon the Great the right of marching troops over the territory of Turkey , that he might combat the Russians on the banks of the Dniester . '' Was all this unobjectionable ? Then followed an intimation that a declaration of war by France would be the consequence should the Ottoman Porte turn a deaf ear to the representations of the French minister . `` His majesty the emperor , '' said he , `` has a large army in Dalmatia , assembled there for the defence of Turkey ; but unless all ambiguity is removed , and the conduct of the Ottoman Porte proves that she is not inclined to favour the cause of Russia and England , that army will be used for the directly opposite purpose ; '' an immediate and categorical answer was required to this demand.—Having said so much on this Note , he would now advert to the excellent commentary upon it , contained in lord Howick 's dispatches to Mr. Arbuthnot , of the 14th and 20th of Nov. ; by which dispatches it must be evident to the house , that the accusation preferred by the hon . gent , against the late government , as entertaining a hostile feeling towards Turkey , was groundless . In the first of these dispatches , dated the 14th of Nov. lord Howick directed that every practicable mode of amicable remonstrance should be used for the purpose of endeavouring to recall the Ottoman Porte to a better line of policy . Mr. Arbuthnot was instructed in that dispatch from lord Howick , to acquaint the Turkish government , that if they would let the Russian ships pass , all appearance of hostility should cease on the part of G. Britain.—The right hon . gent , then proceeded to shew , that Mr. Arbuthnot had written to lord Collingwood 480 and lord Howick , stating how desirable it was to send a force to the Dardanelles to support his negociation with the Porte . Sir T. Louis had in consequence been dispatched with three sail of the line by lord Collingwood , and the intelligence of that proceeding had been received in this country at the time when his majesty 's late ministers were considering the propriety of sending a naval force to that quarter . They instantly approved of what had been done by that gallant admiral , and measures were taken for dispatching a larger force on that service . Some comments had been made on the nature of that force , but the house would judge of its sufficiency from the statement of Mr. Arbuthnot on the 29th Sept. that it was impossible for the Porte to withdraw its fleet to a place of safety . It was the opinion of all naval men with whom he had conversed upon the subject , that there would be no difficulty in passing the Dardanelles . He asked , therefore , as this was a new expedition , what could the government do but collect all the authentic information they could from professional persons and others , upon which to act ? It was expected , too , that assistance would have been afforded by the Russian fleet ; and that such expectation was not ill founded was evident from the circumstance of eight sail of the line of that fleet having joined Admiral Duckworth four days after he had repassed the Dardadelles , for the avowed purpose of co-operating against the Turks.—As to the delay that had been