the 16th century . If Ignatius Loyola had now been alive , and 66 was chancellor of the exchequer for Ireland , he must have been quite ashamed to defend a Catechism like this . Its object was evidently to institute a hatred for every person of a different religious creed ; and when we were asked to pay 20,000l . per annum for those schools , it was time to require that the Catechism should be laid aside . said , that he had not intended to find fault with any thing else in these institutions , and having mentioned this matter publickly , he should not refuse to vote the sum named in the resolution.—The Resolution was then agreed to . having moved the order of the day for the house going into a committee on the Petitions against the Orders in Council , and the house having gone into a committee , several witnesses were called in to answer the evidence in support of these petitions.—The house resumed , and the chairman obtained leave to sit again on Tuesday se'nnight , with an understanding that the evidence in support of the Orders was then closed , and that the witnesses which had been named on a former day by Mr. Tierney should then attend . begged to put a question to the chancellor of the exchequer , in the absence of a noble viscount who had brought in this bill ; which was , Whether any exception was to be made in favour of those balloted men , who had relied on the faith of parliament for not being again called upon till the lists of their respective parishes were exhausted ? For such was the construction of the law : and gentlemen , like himself , who had acted in carrying into effect the provisions of the late Militia Transfer bill , had witnessed the anxiety 67 expressed by such persons as stood in this situation . could not resolve the question , from his recollection of the provisions of the bill . observed , that , he put the question , not merely from knowing how interesting the result must be to those who stood in this predicament , but also in compliance with a requisition which had been made to him.—Adjourned till Tuesday the 26th instant . said , he fully concurred in the measure , so far as it went : but this bill fell very far short of the efficient purposes for which it had been framed . He thought it should make more ample provision for curates , who , in case of the non-residence of the rectors , would have to do the whole of the duty , and that the power of dispensing with , or enforcing residence , should not rest with the bishops . The person who did not reside on his living , ought to give a considerable portion of the profits to him who did reside , and who performed the duty . He was also at a less to know why this bill contained no provision to augment the salaries of curates . The hon . baronet then stated instances of curates having no more than 20l . or 25l . a year . in reply , said , that it was his intention to propose an augmentation to the salaries of the curates in Ireland ; which he should do , either in the committee on the bill of his right hon . friend , or by a separate bill . With respect to the hon . baronet 's observation against granting power to bishops to dispense with residence , he was afraid that , as pluralities must exist in Ireland , in consequence of the present state of the church there , it would be impossible to enforce residence in every instance . said , his right hon . friend had considerably limited the cases where non-residence was allowed in Ireland . And it would be for parliament hereafter to see how far the power of dispensing with residence had been extended . With respect to the curates of Ireland , it