It was therefore their wish that the bill should take the precedence of any other , if not on Wednesday next , at least on Thursday or Friday . Lord Castlereagh and the Chancellor of the Exchequer observed , that the business which stood for those days could not possi- 828 bly be postponed . The second reading of the Curates ' bill was to have come on immediately after the recess ; and the Dublin police bill was with universal consent fixed for Thursday , it being utterly inconvenient for many Irish members to attend after that day . Mr. Windham and Mr. Calcraft still pressed their objections to Wednesday , when the question whether the bill be read a third time on Wednesday , before the discussion on the Curates ' bill , was put , and the house divided : Ayes , 56 ; Noes , 7. presented a Petition from John Cartwright of Enfield , in the county of Middlesex , taking notice of the Bill for enabling his majesty to establish a permanent local Militia force in England , under certain restrictions , for the defence of the realm ; and setting forth , that the petitioner conceives the said Bill is essentially at variance with the English constitution , and , if it should pass into a law , and make part of the present general system of defence for Great Britain , which general system the petitioner conceives to be fundamentally unconstitutional and defective , that system would thereby be farther countenanced , confirmed , and fortified , whence greater danger to the state , and to the laws and liberties of the people , would arise , than that to which they are already exposed ; and therefore praying , that the said bill may not pass into a law.—The Petition was read , and ordered to lie on the table . adverted to the great depredations committed in Plymouth dock-yard , and moved for leave to bring in a bill to establish a Police for that yard . admitted the fact of the depredations , and only doubted whether this would be the best mode of remedying the evil . He would not , however , object to the bringing in of the bill . mentioned , that he merely meant to bring it in , and have it printed , with a view to circulate it , and allow it to lie over till next session . thought that some measure of this sort would be very useful , if it was not absolutely necessary . gave full credit to the motives of his hon . friend , but he hoped that 829 he would take care to fix no censure on the county magistrates ; and there could be no censure greater than to have justices appointed by the crown sitting along with them in managing the county business . observed that some local jurisdiction was necessary at Plymouth dock . would not object to the bringing in of the bill , but hoped that neither he nor any in the house , would be understood as pledged to an approbation of it.—Leave given . after observing that he would detain the house but a very short time , briefly stated , under the various heads , the sums required in Ireland for the service of the year 1808 , amounting in all to 9,767,550l . Irish currency ; remarking that this was a very large sum for that country . To meet this he enumerated various items , viz . the Ordinary Revenue 4,800,000l . ; the loan contracted in England for the service of Ireland , 2,708,332l . ; the loan to be granted by the Bank of Ireland for the renewal of their charter , 1,250,000l . ; the loan contracted in Ireland , 750,000l . & c. making together the sum of 9,767,550l . Irish currency.—With respect to the loan contracted for in Ireland , it had been contracted for in the three and a half per cents , and at an interest not exceeding that on the loan raised in Great Britain , viz