its adoption may require . Far from wishing to endanger your constitution , the Petitioners declare themselves ready to support it at the hazard of their lives . To its security this measure will above all others effectually contribute . But if by any additional suggestions jealousy can be satisfied , and fear allayed ; if in doing this great act of justice to the Catholics , you can at the same time gratify and benefit every other description of your subjects ; that will indeed be work worthy of statesmen and legislators . These are the enquiries on which I propose that the house should enter . Questions of more extensive policy can never be submitted to your wisdom , nor a wider field opened to you for promoting the public happiness . Do not refuse to yourselves so glorious and necessary a task . Let it not be reproached to you in the history of your country 's calamities , that your torpid indifference , or groundless apprehensions , suffered an opportunity to pass away which no repentance could afterwards recall ! You have indeed been told that the supporters of this cause exaggerate the effects of a few remaining disqualifications : that we speak of their removal with all the confidence and ignorance of empirics ; 648 proposing it as the one marvellous and universal remedy for all the long-continued evils of that country . The reproach , I am confident , is unfounded . Such sentiments we have never entertained or uttered . Very different , at least , are my views of the extent of policy necessary for the peace and union , for the good government and happiness of Ireland . You can not reasonably expect all these inestimable benefits from a single act of justice . It is much easier to forbear from further injury , than to remedy the mischiefs of past oppression . `` The evil that men do lives after them . '' The consequences of misgovernment will long survive its authors ; the effects of religious animosities will extend their influence through many generations . Let us apply ourselves , we can not do it too soon , to annihilate the last remnants of a destructive system . But that state of your country which has resulted from it , will not so speedily be changed . The feelings of mutual distrust , the remembrance of mutual hostility , all the long-cherished offspring of a whole code and constitution of intolerance , these will yield only to the gradual though certain operation of a wiser and happier policy . Our first resolution should be to comply with this Petition ; to remove every remaining civil disability on account of religious belief . This is the looked-for and natural consequence of the union ; this is necessary , if not to redeem your plighted faith , at least to satisfy the just expectations which you then created . But this must be a part only of a large and comprehensive system . It was so considered by that great statesman , now no more , ( Mr. Pitt ) of whom I never think but with the warmest affection , respect , and admiration . Our opinions on this subject were not only in complete unison , but I may truly say they were formed together by mutual communication , and unreserved confidence . The plans which were then in contemplation embraced the whole ecclesiastical state of Ireland ; its religious establishments , if such they may be called , in all their various branches . They included , in the first instance , measures of considerable benefit to the established church ; calculated to promote both its honour and its advantage , and to render it ( if I may use the expression without offence ) far more adequate than it now can be to the purposes for which it was provided . A short statement will convince your ldships what ample occasion this 649 matter alone affords for the exercise of your wisdom and liberality . By accounts which have been published , and have not , as