with respect to Spain . It was generally understood that a large armament was to be sent to assist the patriotic exertions of that nation in resisting the tyranny that would oppress its liberty , and in enabling it to assert its independence . Who was to command that expedition ? Its fate might , perhaps , be closely connected with the auspices and command under which it was to serve . He did not know that we had now any responsible minister . In former administrations Mr. Pitt , lord Sidmouth , and latterly lord Grenville , stood forward 1139 as the avowed responsible ministers of their day . An expedition had , not long ago , been confided to general Whitelocke , with the issue of which every man was but too sorrowfully acquainted . The individual , it was true , had been punished , but in enterprises of that nature , it was not enough to punish the individual , some atonement should be made at the shrine of the tarnished honour of the country : that expiation was yet unpaid . No minister had as yet pleaded guilty to the charge of that appointment . These considerations led him to enquire who was the responsible minister at the present moment ; for by the appointment which must soon take place of a Commander of the Expedition to Spain , not only the character and military fame of the nation , but its most vital interests might be deeply affected . He then alluded to a noble duke who seldom came to the house , and confessed that he was unable to determine whether that noble duke possessed the influence attributed to him or not.—The observations of the noble earl did not meet with any answer . , in his majesty 's name , delivered the following Speech . `` My Lords and Gentlemen , `` We have it in command from his majesty to express to you the great satisfaction which he derives from being enabled , by putting an end to the present session of parliament , to terminate the laborious attendance which the public business has required of you.—The measure which you have adopted for the improvement of the military force of the country , promises to lay the foundation of a system of internal defence eminently useful , and peculiarly adapted to the exigences of these times.—The sanction which you have given to those measures of defensive retaliation , to which the violent attacks of the enemy , upon the commerce and resources of this kingdom , 1140 compelled his majesty to resort , has been highly satisfactory to his majesty.—His majesty doubts not that in the result the enemy will be convinced of the impolicy of persevering in a system which retorts upon himself , in so much greater proportion , those evils which he endeavours to inflict upon this country . `` Gentlemen of the House of Commons , `` We are commanded by his majesty to return his most hearty acknowledgments for the cheerfulness and liberality with , which the necessary supplies for the current year have been provided.—His majesty directs us to assure you , that he participates in the satisfaction with which you must have contemplated the flourishing situation of the revenue and credit of the country , notwithstanding the continued pressure of the war ; and he congratulates you upon having been enabled to provide for the exigences of the public service , with so small an addition to the public burthens.—His majesty commands us to thank you for having enabled him to make good his engagements with his allies ; and to express to you the particular gratification which he has derived from the manner in which you have provided for the establishment of his sister , her royal highness the duchess of Brunswick . `` My Lords and Gentlemen , `` His majesty has great satisfaction in informing you , that , notwithstanding the formidable confederacy united against his ally the king of Sweden , that sovereign perseveres , with unabated vigour and constancy , to maintain the honour and independence of his crown