a few , but by the conduct of the mass of the people . The arguments of the noble lord ( Harrowby ) might answer for the year 1778 , but would not answer for the present day . All that was proposed to give the Catholics of Ireland was bread by the sweat of 988 their brow , and nothing more . The noble secretary said , give them this , and they will require more , and will become wealthy ; that the house could not prevent them from : but if it did not give them what they now asked , their lordships had better take from them what they had already conceded . They could not prevent them from acquiring wealth . If they were not admitted to the privileges contained in the proposition , the bank of Ireland would be injured . They would not deposit their money where they were deprived of becoming directors , and had not the direction of their own money . There never was a time more proper to concede to the Catholics than the present , when the entire mass of the Protestants in Ireland were in favour of the concession . His lordship concluded with observing , that if the house rejected this proposition , they would refuse men of proved loyalty , high integrity , and well known respectability , a controul over their own property . should not object to the motion , if the bill was to go into a committee , on an understanding that it was merely for filling up the blanks , in order to afford time to the public and the parties concerned to judge how far it might be desirable for their interest , that the bill should pass . He thought that the time ought to be extended within which the copyright should be preserved to the author . This time , he was of opinion , ought to be 28 years , as also , that no author should be allowed to dispose of his copyright for more than 14 years . As to the 989 other part of the bill , requiring that a copy of each work to be published should be sent to the public libraries , the booksellers who were the largest publishers , felt it would be so injurious to their interests , that they had prepared a petition against that part of it , which he expected would be ready to present in the course of the evening . He put it therefore to the hon . gent , whether it would not be more desirable to let the bill lie over till next session , in order that all parties may have time to consider of its provisions . replied , that the principle of the bill was not new , as the universities were already entitled to copies of all works that shall be published ; and it could not be denied , that this circumstance was favourable to learning , as thereby students in the universities would be enabled to consult books which otherwise they would be unable to purchase . Copyrights were at present protected to the extent of 28 years in two different periods . But the consequence was , that in works requiring time to mature them , the author could not derive from them one half of the advantages that were enjoyed by the authors of the lightest productions . The object of the bill was to remedy this evil . concurred with his hon . and learned friend , in requesting the hon . mover not to press the bill at this late period of the session , because many of the booksellers of Scotland , and some of those of Ireland , whose interests would be materially affected by the bill , had not any knowledge of its provisions . The house then resolved itself into the committee , Mr. Wharton in the chair . The blanks were filled up , and a clause introduced for extending the provisions of the bill to oriental works , after which the house resumed , and