England for barley , and could not be injured without material injury to the whole kingdom . Mr. Kent being asked , whether any substitutes for barley could be found to answer the purpose equally well , answered , `` Certainly not ; for oats would be the most obvious substitute , and them I consider to be one of the most exhausting of all crops : they rob the grass seed , and ultimately injure the wheat crops . '' The hon . member observed , that a vast number of cattle were fed on the grains in the distilleries , and sent to the London market , a source of supply which would be lost in the event of the substitution . There was another most important point , which was brought forward in the evidence of Mr. Overman ; which was , that in the event of a considerable depression in the price of barley , a great part of the land in Norfolk must be left uncultivated , and fall back to its pristine state . Mr. Elwan 's evidence also went to shew , that in the event of a fall in the price of barley , a smaller number of labourers would be employed by the farmer ; and a portion of his land , before allotted to grain , must be left in grass . The honourable member next adverted to the great quantities of wheat and barleys brought from Norfolk to the London market ; and the great injury that would arise , not only to that county , bat to the whole kingdom , from any discouragement to the agriculture of Norfolk . He concluded by opposing the motion for the speaker 's leaving the chair . He thought it best to oppose the measure in this stage ; for if it went into a committee , almost the whole session might be occupied in discussion , and hearing counsel on the various petitions . would wish the house to take up this question upon a much wider ground than the hon . gentlemen who opposed it seemed to do . That the West India planters had made out their case , nobody 496 who read the report could deny . It appeared from that , that several estates in Jamaica had been abandoned , and that others were likely to be abandoned unless some relief was afforded to the colonial trade . It should not be forgotten that the West Indian possessions of this country yielded an income of between eight and nine millions , spent in this country ; that the revenue in customs , excise , & c. on West Indian produce , amounted to five millions and a half annually ; that the West Indian trade employed one-third of the shipping of the country ; and that British manufactures to the amount of six millions were consumed in the West Indian market . When the committee had been first appointed , he had apprehensions that if the landed gentlemen took a narrow view of the question , it would not be easy to carry the measure into effect . But as he did not impute the opposition of these gentlemen to any narrow views of advantage to themselves , he was not without hope that they would view the matter in another light ; and that a provision to prohibit the distillation from corn till barley should sink to any given price , and then to allow it to be used in distilleries till it rose to a certain price , would be considered as a sufficient security for their interests , and induce them to acquiesce in the measure This was the best mode of relieving the West India merchants , whom every body allowed to be in a situation requiring relief . No person but the late chancellor of the exchequer for Ireland had suggested any other remedy , viz . by lowering the duties on sugar ; but that right honourable baronet must have been aware , that the last addition of three shillings per cwt . had been laid on by the late