; many of a Very inflammatory nature having been published on the opposite side of the question , by the friends of the learned doctor . He had still , however , to congratulate the country , from the disposition betrayed by the learned doctor , that he did not fill the situation of Attorney-General for Ireland.—This Supply was also granted . thought the arrangements for the service of the present year might and ought to be made without any additional taxes . He recommended the creation of a contingent fund by the sale of Crown-Lands , to which the public might become tenants . The sums for which Crown rents might be sold were almost inconceivable . One hundred pounds had been demanded of him for a rent of 8s . 9d . Such parts as might be sold to advantage might be disposed of , and the sum of 600,000l . might easily be created , so as to be available after the first dividend ; the surplus of the Consolidated Fund to be brought in aid , whenever any deficiency should require it.—After a few observations from Mr. Tierney , Mr. Giddy , Mr. Vansittart , and Mr. Huskisson , the 1st resolution was voted , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . said , that it had been the inclination of his mind to have opposed the third reading of this Bill , in order that the house might take another course , 19 which would have appeared to him more suitable . Having however conversed much upon the subject with his hon . friends who sat near him , he had consented to give up his former intention , and not to oppose the third reading , fie must say however , that he conceived that that house was extremely tender and cautious of any difference with the house of lords , especially when it was recollected that the house of lords had now rejected a second time , a bill which had passed that house almost unanimously , on the recommendation of a committee specially appointed to enquire into the situation of the public finances . That committee had pointed out ways and means to the amount of 65,000l . annually , which was an object of important consideration . As the house of lords had twice rejected a bill which came from such strong recommendation , he could not but doubt very much whether they would adopt the expedient that was now proposed to them . He thought the conduct of his majesty 's ministers was somewhat suspicious . The right hon . chancellor of the exchequer had suffered the bill to pass through that house without the slightest opposition , and afterwards , by his own confession , conceited with a noble lord ( Hawkesbury ) to move an amendment to it in the other house . He thought it not very decorous for the right hon . gent , to confess in that house , that he had connived with any of his colleagues to defeat the object and intention of a bill which he suffered to pass through that house without opposition . These circumstances made him very diffident of the success of the expedient that was now proposed , but nevertheless he should not oppose the third reading of the bill . maintained , that in conniving , as the hon . gent . termed it , with his colleague in another house , he had only been actuated by a wish , that the house of lords should not completely defeat a bill which had been approved of by that , house . He saw no chance of its passing the house of lords without the amendment which had been proposed . If there was any thing improper , to the ideas of the hon . member , in the suggestion of that amendment to his colleague , he could only say , that he was not aware of any such feeling . expressed himself decidedly hostile to the present bill , because it did not , in his mind , tend to 20 remedy