suffer it , that distillery might be wholly supplied with corn from the Baltic ? —They say , this measure is taking from England , and giving to the West Indies.—Sir ; it . is taking nothing from England ; but it is substituting the produce of the West Indies for that of foreign states ; it is giving to England an advantage in the balance of trade ; it is giving her independence of the enemy as to her supply of food ; and it is giving her security as to the possession of her colonies . But were it taking something from England , surely it were wiser to forego a temporary advantage , than risk the permanent source of profit . One can not , on this occasion , help recollecting the Roman fable which represented the limbs as refusing sustenance to the stomach . Here the case is inverted ; it is the stomach which would refuse to impart its nourishment to the limbs which had fed it.—I think one might put a case of tolerable analogy to the present , thus : we will suppose that , by the fortune of war , the island of Sicily had 510 fallen into our hands ; that , by capitulation , all the grain of that fertile country had been admitted to your market ; and that , from the course of the war , all exportation of corn were stopped . We will suppose that , at the same time , sugar had risen to an unusual price ; that one considerable source of its import were closed by the enemy , and that the crops in the remaining islands had been short . We will suppose next , that some ingenious person had discovered a means of extracting sugar from wheat : under these circumstances the land-holders come before you , and say : 'we have received little from our estates for some years past ; at present we receive nothing . The interest on our mortgages is accumulating ; our annuities and jointures are unpaid ; our estates are on ' the eve of foreclosure for sums quite disproportioned to their value ; and our families are starving : we desire you to admit this new sugar into use ; we ask it only for a time , and while colonial sugar shall be scarce . ' Does any man think that , under such circumstances , the colonies would wish to interpose a selfish objection ; or that , if they did , it would not be treated with well merited scorn ? If so , let it be explained where is the difference in this from the present case , excepting the relative weight of the parties ? If there be no other difference , I , sir , will tell you , in the face of the world , that , in rejecting the measure , you sign your shame , and confess that power is the measure of your injustice.—I know it will be said , the case is not analogous in one respect ; for it is not the admission of sugar the colonies require , but the prohibition of corn . Sir ; the colonies require no prohibition : for them it would be much better to say nothing of corn , and merely to take on the prohibitory duty on sugar . Admitted on the same terms as malt , sugar would speedily occupy the brewery as well as the distillery : but it is your own revenue , which requires the prohibition : for , were the indiscriminate use of barley and sugar admitted , the revenue could not be protected against fraud . It is therefore , on the behalf of your revenue , proposed that , the use of sugar being prohibited in the brewery , the use of grain should be prohibited in the distillery , which consumes not one fourth of the other—Sir ; the colonies which have been fettered and restricted for the benefit of every other class that desired it , can perhaps not be substantially and perma- 511 nently