vote the original sum : which was voted accordingly . in the committee of supply , after recapitulating the different proceedings on the Claims of Mr. Palmer , stated that a sum of about 68,000l . had been found due to him by the former committee , but that the committee , to whom the account of this balance was last referred , had , on a different caculation , reduced it 14,000l ; concluded by moving , `` That a sum not exceeding 54,702l . 0s . 7d . be granted to his majesty , to be paid to John Palmer , esq . being the balance of the percentage due to him on the net Revenue of the Post-Office . from the 5th day of April 1793 to the 5th day of January 1808 . '' On this a division took place : For the Resolution 93 ; Against it 73 . Majority 20 . The Resolution was accordingly agreed to . thought it sufficient to observe , that he had communicated the substance of his intended motion to his right hon . friend , the secretary for foreign affairs , whose absence he had now to regret , because he was certain , that had his rt . hon . friend been present , he would have made no objection to the nature of the motion he had to propose . He had so framed it , that it was impossible the entertaining of it could cause any public detriment , or expose ministers to any violation of that discretion and secrecy which it was their duty to observe in matters of this sort . But if that right hon . gent , was ignorant of the purport of this motion , it was only a new proof of the shyness of communication which he had reason to believe existed between that right hon . gent , and his right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) ; otherwise he could not account for the disapprobation which the right hon . gent , had now manifested of any motion of the nature he had intended to make , being brought under the consideration of the house . was not aware of any good that could arise from the agitation of such a subject , and must only suppose , that the object of the right hon . gent. , in making such a motion , was merely to draw a speech from one of his majesty 's ministers . was anxious to dissuade his right hon . friend from stirring any inquiry into the affairs of Spain at so critical and perilous a moment . In his opinion , every matter of that kind , under the peculiar circumstances of the moment , should be left entirely and exclusively to the discretion of the executive power . was determined to persist in his motion . It could be productive of no evil , and it might give rise to much good . He felt the urgency of the business , and was therefore resolved not to leave it to the slow and skulking hesitation of ministers . As to the apprehensions of his hon . friend , he was confident that he should not only be able to allay those apprehensions , but succeed in convincing his hon . friend of the propriety of the motion which he intended to make.—Mr . Sheridan having thus persisted in his motion , it was fixed for Wednesday , rose to oppose the third reading of the bill for suspending the grain distillery . He said he could not suffer it to pass that stage , without again declaring the same decided hostility to its principle which he had avowed upon its first introduction . Nothing had been urged that removed any objection to it he had originally felt ; so far from it , the more he considered the measure , in every point of view it appeared to him contrary to every principle of sound policy , infinitely mischievous , on account of the establishment of a dangerous precedent of interference with the agriculture of the country ,