it at the time when he had a seat in his majesty 's councils . If ever there should be a question to be decided , whether advantages were to be granted to Ireland or to G. Britain , he was confident that the house , so far from acting injuriously towards Ireland , would be inclined rather to turn the scale of advantage in her favour . He could recollect no instance in which the proceedings of that house could justify the insinuation of the hon . baronet . stated , that he considered the act of union to have been violated in the law for disallowing the drawback on 82 the exportation of spirits distilled in Ireland ; inasmuch as undue advantage was given to the English distiller in the English market . In that instance , he contended , the interest of Ireland was largely sacrificed ; and that bill was introduced at the end of a session , when the attendance of members was very thin . He thought it fairer to state his opinion , as well as the opinion of many others , in that house , than to have it canvassed out of doors . He had supported the union originally , because he had hoped it would be productive of many public advantages to Ireland . He did not think so now , for he saw innumerable instances in which the interests of that country had been sacrificed . observed , that the hon . baronet , though called on to prove his assertion , produced only one solitary instance . Now , if the , house should , come to the examination of the act of union , and the hon . baronet should state the article which he considered to have been infringed by this bill , he himself would undertake to prove that such article was one which required explanation , and that what had been done was strictly conformable to the spirit of the act of union . Let not the hon . baronet make general charges , but state the specific grounds on which his principle stood . As to this particular bill , he surely could not object to the continuance of it for a certain time . declared he had always found in that house a most favourable disposition towards Ireland . The bill in question was the only instance the hon . baronet could produce to prove his assertion . He defied him to produce any other ; or even to shew in what manner this bill was unfavourable to Ireland . said that spirits were prohibited from being sent from Ireland to England , unless they were warehoused . replied , that there never was an instance so opposite to the thing he wanted to establish , as that noticed by the hon . baronet . That bill had been introduced by a friend to the Irish distilleries , namely , by himself . It permitted them to warehouse their spirits if they chose , and to export them with as much drawback as could be allowed consistently with the articles of union . It was therefore rather favourable than otherwise to the Irish distiller . conceived that nothing could be more mischievous than to suffer such language as that used by the hon . 83 baronet to go uncontradicted to Ireland . No circumstance could be so dangerous to the peace of Ireland , as that of declaring that her interests had been sacrificed by Great Britain . I have , continued the hon . gent. , been a member of this house , and attended here since the union , and I declare to God , I know of no instance in which the disposition of the house has not been always favourable to Ireland . declared , he never felt more pain than he now did , at what fell from his right lion , friend . He had ever observed in that house a disposition to do the amplest justice to Ireland . The present charge was not alone directed against his majesty 's ministers , but against every