which this abominable treatment of the house , as well as of the individual , has been justified . Have I not need of patience , sir , to hear it said , that whilst justice to the individual is considered in the mode proposed , the interests of this house and of the country are dependent on it , that it is conformable to the constant usage and practice of it , and that it is in form , not in substance , that this measure differs from the one which the house has already adopted ? Well , sir , I have no objection to meet the chancellor of the exchequer on this statement , or that the judgment of the house shall come to an issue upon the truth or fallacy of it . Does the right hon . gent . seriously mean to state that no substantial difference exists between the mode proposed by him , and the one now adopted by the house ? Will he even promise , that he and his majesty 's other ministers will give their influence and votes to this adopted child of his ? Will he give his word to the house , that it is not his intention to strangle this progeny of his , the moment , or within a few days of his giving it birth—when he gets it out of this house ? If he will give his promise of support to his own bill , I can have no ob- 1025 jection to its substitution . Do but justice to the individual , respect but the wishes of this house , and we will not quarrel about forms . But , sir , if there could be any doubt what the conduct of government will be , let us look to what has been that of the right hon . gent . already . And here I must directly charge the right hon . gent . with a want of courtesy , an outrage on the common forms and usages of this house from one member to another , which , short as is my experience in parliament , I will venture to say has no parallel . A bill is brought in by me for the payment of the future percentage due to Mr. Palmer , I move the first and second readings of it , in the presence , and with the knowledge of the right hon . gent . Suspecting strongly from the earnestness of his majesty 's ministers to have the bill read a third time , coupled with symptoms which appeared elsewhere , that the object of ministers was to pass the bill here , with a view of strangling it in the lords , I declined moving the third reading of it . In my absence , the right , hon . gent . comes down to the house , and himself moves the third reading . He takes it straight to the upper house , and there it receives the death-wound he had prepared for it.—Sir , I do not deny that it is competent to any member to move the reading of a bill introduced by another , in any of its different stages ; but , I will ask , is it consistent with the courtesy one has a right to expect-from one gentleman to another within these walls ? Is this finesse , this trick , as it now appears , worthy of the minister or the man ? But even this is not equal to the hypocrisy and duplicity , which would seriously urge this measure , as one only of form , not of substance , which would represent it as doing justice to the party concerned , whilst its sole object was to avoid the danger of misunderstanding between the two branches of the legislature . Will the chancellor of the exchequer avow that such is his sole intention ? I am sure he will not ; he knows that his intention is , by this subterfuge , by this unworthy proceeding , to defraud Mr. Palmer of his just rights