to some objections , might have been rendered far more beneficial and advantageous to the country . Enrolment was far preferable to compulsory means , such as were to be resorted to by the bill ; as it was not to be expected , that the men procured by the latter , would act with such energy against an invading enemy , when under the consideration that they were impelled to serve . The noble lord said , he approved of the observations that had fallen from a noble earl on the cross bench , relative to Spain and Ireland ; for although a gleam of hope held out the idea that the glorious struggle of the Spaniards would ultimately prove successful as to them , yet it did not follow of consequence that France would not still be formidable ; and if she still should remain so , it behoved ministers to conciliate the Irish , without which , all their schemes of defence in this country were illusory . supported the measure , but did not think with his noble friend ( lord Selkirk ) , that an armed peasantry constituted the best force against an enemy ; at the same time that he approved of the general principle , he thought that all adults from eighteen to twenty-one should serve without distinction , without exemption or purchase , and this would inspire them with a military ardour and spirit : this he thought would place the country out of the reach of any hostile attack . His lordship wished to see the militia of Ireland so incorporated with the militia of England , that both should become the actual militia of the united kingdom ; he would take the power of granting commissions from the lords lieutenant , and vest it in the king , like the regular army , and army of reserve . supported 918 the bill in general , but objected to that clause which subjected the Local Militia to the mutiny act . He stated his intention of proposing in the committee , an amendment to that clause , by which it should be provided , that no sentence of a court martial for inflicting corporal punishment should be carried into effect , until submitted to his majesty , or to the commander in chief . defended the bill from the attack of the noble baron , who had spoke last but two . With respect to the clause to which the noble baron had ascribed such a selfish character , he observed that it merely went to prevent insurances , which had ever been found most mischievous to the individuals who engaged in them . As to what the noble marquis had stated on the operation of the mutiny bill , it must be evident to the house that it was indispensable to preserve a due subordination : if the ranks of the Local Militia were filled from the lowest classes of society , such a check would be absolutely necessary ; if they consisted in a great measure of individuals of a superior description , their conduct would be such as to render any exercise of the provisions of the bill superfluous . adverted to what had been said on the subject of insurance , and requested noble lords to inquire what had taken place in their own families in these cases . They would find that frequently those of their servants who had not insured were ballotted , while those who had insured , escaped . From this circumstance it might fairly be inferred , that the insurers had some influence in the arrangement of the business.—The house then resolved itself into a committee . The different clauses of the bill underwent a discussion . Eventually they were all agreed to , and the house having resumed , the report was ordered to be received on Monday . moved the second reading of the Copy-right bill . thought that time should be allowed for the due consideration of a subject , in which the interests of the most meritorious , although , perhaps , not the most opulent , class