The distillers have bought an unusual quantity ; speculators have been at work ; the advance is temporary ; serious mischief will follow , and depression take place at the next harvest . The last harvest was in many places scanty with respect to barley and pulse , yet we have gone on well : it has given us a sufficient supply , and at a moderate price . If we let the fanner alone , we shall provide sufficient corn without any importation . With respect to wheat , we have obtained a very considerable increased supply from the introduction of threshing machines . Much corn used to be left in the straw when the flail was only used ; it was wasted ; now every grain is brought forward in aid of the consumption . Being therefore of opinion that no justifiable reason has been offered in support of this bill , that it is adverse to the true interest of our country , it must have my decided opposition . stated the fact , that in Feb. 1802 , the price of wheat was higher at the opening of the distilleries than now when they were to be shut ; and then there could not be a prospect of an abundant harvest , which we at present had . This fact was a complete answer to all that had been said respecting a scarcity . said , we had been told from , the throne that the eyes of Europe are 822 upon us . The landed gentlemen who sat in this house would do well to recollect , that the eyes of the British empire , the eyes of their constituents were upon them . He had not the honour to represent a county , but his feelings were the same as if he did . Were he to acquiesce in this measure , or willingly to miss any opportunity that occurred of opposing it , he should be conscious that he had abandoned rights which he was bound to defend , and that he had contributed to lay the foundation of future famines . said , that as he had expressed his sentiments pretty fully upon the subject before the house the last time it was under consideration , he should not then long intrude upon their patience , but he could not help entreating the hon . gentlemen opposite , that at least they would state some specific reasons to justify the apprehensions which had been declared of a scarcity of grain in the country . The hon . gentlemen would make no reply upon a topic which had been again urged , and had been particularly referred to , by an hon . baronet , ( sir G. Warrender ) , namely , the market price of corn , of wheat in particular , at which it was then proposed to prohibit the grain distillery , as compared with what it was upon former occasions , when the same measure was adopted . Wheat was then at the time he was speaking only 72s . in 1795 . It had arisen in July to 84s. , and in August to 108s . ; in Dec. 1800 it was at 125s . barley at 71s . before the suspension was determined upon , and it was taken off at a time when it was higher than at the moment it was then proposed to be put on . Not one of his majesty 's ministers , nor any other hon . gent . had thought proper to make any answer to , nor any comment upon these observations , but he trusted he should hear something stated upon the subject in the course of that night 's debate . Mr. W. said , he begged the house to consider , if they sanctioned the proposed measure upon the only grounds that had yet been stated , what circumstances they could expect to arise that would render it less necessary next year or the year after . The loss of the foreign supply was in truth the only reason that could be fairly insisted upon