of war—in the other , to avert the perils of invasion from the shores of England ? Or , is there a man who would not feel that such counsel must be intended for the benefit of the adverse power , and that it spoke the language , as it betrayed the heart , of an enemy and a traitor ? —Having made this observation , I beg the attention of the house to the letters in question . They relate two messages conveyed through Kader Newaz Khan , a person enjoying a great share of the confidence of the nabobs of the Carnatic . Tippoo , as it seems , was endeavouring to excite and combine all the Indian powers against us ; while in the prosecution of this object , the activity of his negotiations at Poonah , alarmed the vigilance of the British resident , who immediately apprized the supreme government of his suspicions . This comes to the knowledge of the nabob ; and what is the conduct of our faithful friend on the occasion ? He proceeds directly to communicate the intelligence he had received to the sultaun , advising him , at the same time , in the spirit of that cordiality by which they were united—to do what ? to lay aside , no doubt , his hostile designs , to cultivate friendship , and preserve peace with the British power ? No , no , quite the reverse , the advice of this our incomparable ally , is of a very different complexion , ( in conformity , no doubt , to the British interests , and the views of its government ) ; it prudently suggests , to the sultaun the policy of suspending his measures , till the approaching departure of lord Cornwallis should leave the field open to him , to act with safety and effect ; and then , whatever might be his highnesses pleasure would be right and proper . Such is the purport of the first message . The second contains also similar information and counsel , relative to the situation of tire French at Pondicherry . Nothing is now , says the nabob , to be expected ; and following the impulse of his friendship towards the sultaun , he advises him , not as one should expect , to detach himself from 340 his dangerous connection with the French , but to communicate with them less directly—to refrain for the present from open correspondence , and to confine his intercourse to verbal communication . To the nature of that intercourse we must , therefore , conclude the nabob to have been no stranger , and his suggestion the result only of his interest for its safe continuance , without interruption or observation from us ; an intercourse doubtless most friendly to the British power : between parties such as Tippoo Sultaun and the French , how could it be otherwise ? —I shall conclude my remarks on these important documents , by observing , that the intelligence contained in them is , in both instances , referred to the union and friendship established between the nabob and the sultaun . Both instances prove the hostile designs then meditated by the latter ; and that the nabob , neither ignorant of them , or unsolicitous for their success , was prepared to avail himself of whatever means might be in his power , to promote and assist their accomplishment.—Though the obvious connection of the two letters I have just commented upon , led me for a moment to pass the one that intervenes , I can not consent to leave it entirely unnoticed ; containing , as it does , a message from Omdut ul Omrah , in his own name , expressive of the most fervent attachment to the sultaun , followed by a promise , that , please God , at a proper time , his fidelity should be manifest . I notice it first , because it shews how cordially Omdut ul Omrah acted , not merely as the minister of his father , but as a substantial party in this negociation