the orders of that house , they might be induced to do so on some occasions highly dangerous to their lordships ' privileges . was surprized at what had fallen from the noble lord ( Hawkesbury ) in laying down a distinction , when the orders of that house should be considered imperative , and when admonitory . It was absurd to consider any Standing Order admonitory : that house might 541 as well have no orders at all if they were not imperative . This doctrine had been also laid down by the noble and learned lord on the woolsack , and it was astonishing to him that those two noble lords could thus attempt to destroy their lordships ' standing orders . He could not account for it but upon this principle , that the language used by them was intended , on their part , to be imperative towards that house.—The question was then put upon the original motion , and agreed to without a division . thought it his duty to oppose its going into a committee , considering it , as he did , an alteration in the law of the land , without any necessity whatever being shewn for it . It had hitherto been invariably the practice of the constitution to draw a distinction between an indictment found by a grand jury , and an information filed by order of the court of king 's bench , or by the attorney general fix officio . It was now for the first time to be declared , that on informations as well as upon indictments , the parties were to be held to bail . The practice had hitherto been upon information , to summon the party by subpoena , and if he did not appear to issue an attachment , but not to hold him to bail , the attachment being discharged the moment the party put in an appearance . Under this bill , upon the information being certified , the party might immediately be held to bail . To such an alteration he could not consent , unless some strong necessity was shewn ; and not a word had been stated in favour of this bill to prove any such necessity . It was nothing to the point , that the present attorney general would not commit any abuse of his power . They were to consider what future attorney generals might do under this bill ; —the king might be deceived , and a worthless person might be appointed attorney general ; or an attorney general might be deceived , and informations , ex officio , might be filed for expressing opinions which every man had a right to express ; and persons might , under the operation of this bill , by being held to bail , be grievously oppressed . At a time like the present , when the people must necessarily bear great burdens and endure great privations , and when there was every probability they would be called upon to bear greater burdens and endure greater privations , he thought it unwise and impolitic to run the 542 risk of exciting discontent by altering that law and that practice of the constitution which had been established by our ancestors , and had continued for centuries , by placing the attorney general upon a level with a grand jury . The bill , by the powers it gave , tended to abridge the freedom of the press ; and though he , as much as any man , wished the licentiousness of the press to be checked , he objected to this bill , because it tended to fetter the freedom of opinion , by placing those who uttered opinions disagreeable to the government , in the power of an officer of the crown . said , he had waited a little while , that some noble and learned lord might have an opportunity of speaking , but he was astonished at their silence . They perhaps thought it more prudent to remain silent , when they could give no reason if they spoke . If the