left that house because they would not be present when such a pernicious bill passed through the committee , yet he had staid himself ; for , after the unjustifiable manner in which this bill had passed before their lordships , he had an inclination to see what their lordships would do in the committee . He then submitted several alterations , and in the course of the proceeding re- 544 ferred to the statute of Ch . 1. and shewed what attention was therein paid to the liberty of the subject and the guarding him from imprisonment . When this statute-was passed , it received the royal assent differently from any other act of parliament . The king said 'let right be done the people , as is by parliament demanded . ' The noble lord then proposed an amendment , to exclude from the bill informations filed ex officio by the attorney general , which was negatived ; as were also some other amendments proposed by the noble earl . observed , with respect to this bill , that he should wish to move that it be read a third time this day eight months , but as that motion would not be carried , he must confine himself to fixing a day , in order that noble lords might be aware of it , and when he hoped they would attend . He therefore proposed Monday . His lordship observed , with respect to trying a man in his absence , that a jury , if they found the defendant was not present to take care of his own defence , might acquit him , and that a jury would not be subject to aft attaint for an acquittal . After quoting at length some law cases , and reading several extracts from acts of parliament , for the purpose of proving the former practice and usage of the constitution , his lordship concluded by moving , That the bill be read a third time on Monday , and that the lords be summoned ; which was ordered accordingly . , adverting to the communication which he had thought it his duty to make to the house on a former night , relative to certain proceedings in one of the courts below , which appeared to him to trench upon the Privileges of that house , informed the house that the practical consequences , for which it had been recommended to him to wait , had now taken place . He assured the house , that in bringing this question again before the house he had no interest in it , but what any other member would , and ought to feel , upon a subject affecting 545 his privilege as a member of parliament . The question was simply this , whether a member elected without his knowledge , and taking his seat in obedience to the king 's writ , was or was not liable to incur any part of the expences of taking the election ? He did not mean to submit any proposition to the house upon the subject , neither did he make any complaint . Having thus brought the matter under its consideration , it would be for the house to decide , whether or not the case was of such a nature as to call for its interference . expressed a wish to know , what were the exact circumstances of which the hon . baronet complained ? stated , that the practical inconvenience to which he now alluded was , an execution having been sent into his house , for what were said to have been expences incurred in taking the election for Westminster ; for which he had not been a candidate , and of his nomination , or indeed election , to which he was almost a stranger till the event had taken place . The ground of the decision , too , was the fact of his having taken his seat in that house . apprehended that his learned friend opposite , ( sir A. Pigott ) , had not been in the house on the