considerable body of 485 troops ; so that this was not so novel a part of the question as the right hon . gent , represented . The right hon . gent , had commented upon a note of M. Sebastiani , and the dispatches of lord Howick . He could not be suspected of being partial to the productions of the enemy , but certainly no one could read lord Howick 's dispatches , without perceiving that he went great lengths to direct an armed interference to defeat the ascendancy of French counsels at the Porte . Notwithstanding the declaration of the right hon . gent , that he would abstain from recrimination , he had done upon this , as had been invariably done upon every other occasion when this matter was mentioned in that house—made it the ground of condemnation against the present government . The interference at Copenhagen was not more decisive in principle than this was . Here a force was sent to bombard the capital , not of a neutral , but of an ally ; to burn the capital of a power whom we had taken an oath to protect . If you wish for war , enter into a definitive alliance ; if you want to strip a power of part of its territories , enter into a stipulation to guarantee the integrity of its possessions ! Here was the affair at Copenhagen justified ; in this had the present ministers an acquittal from all the charges that had been made upon them with respect to that Expedition . If they could only be able to lay upon the table a copy of a treaty of defensive alliance with Denmark , the cases would be parallel , except that the Danish expedition was crowned with success , whilst the other was attended with defeat and disgrace ; the calculation of the proportion between the means and the end being such as only to secure discomfiture.—The right hon . secretary then proceeded to quote several passages from lord Howick 's dispatches , to shew that the doctrines they contained exactly corresponded with the principles upon which the Danish Expedition had been so justly undertaken , and so successfully executed . It was impossible that the Turkish fleet , passing the Dardanelles and the streights of Gibraltar , should attack any of the British possessions . On the contrary , the Danish fleet might , if once launched with a hostile view , be on our shores without a moment 's notice . An intervention to procure , by pacific means , the arrangement desired by Russia , he did not condemn ; but to interfere first by menace , and afterwards by violence , violence inadequate and unsuccessful , was what he 486 did condemn . It was known that the passage of the Dardanelles would be regarded as an act of hostility ; at least it was quite as natural to suppose that the approach to Copenhagen , the landing of troops , and the investment of that capital , would be received without resistance , or without a feeling of hostility , as that tile passage of the Dardanelles , and the appearance before Constantinople in a hostile attitude , would be viewed by the Turks with calmness and indifference . The estimate of the strength of the castles , and the appointment of the British force , shewed clearly that there was an idea that the object of the expedition was likely to be regarded as hostile , and to be met with resistance . But , it was said the expedition appeared before Constantinople purely for Russian objects . The restoration of the Hospodars was a Russian object ; but how was it demanded by the British commander ? With the alternative of giving up the Turkish fleet ! If the fleet had been given up , could the restoration of the Hospodars be still insisted upon ? And if it was not insisted upon , and the British force came off with the Turkish fleet in pocket , what would become of our attention to the interests of