been quoted , had no analogy whatever to it , and therefore the existence of the penal laws , at that or any other period that had been mentioned , could present nothing in their justification at this moment . These penal laws were , in his mind , always odious , but peculiarly so at present , when all the pretexts for their original enactment ceased to exist . The noble lord vindicated the book of Dr. Milner against the misrepresentation of it which appeared in the speech of one of the reverend prelates ; but he contended that whatever that book , or the book of any other individual , however high in talent or character , might contain that should be reprehensible , could not fairly be alleged as a ground of censure upon the whole sect of which that individual might be a member . He replied to the assertion , that the peasantry of Ireland cared not a farthing about , the object for which the higher orders of their persuasion were now seeking . What , he would ask , bound a man to the glory of his country ? What made the lower orders rejoice in the honours and achievements of their generals and admirals ? What made their hearts beat with exultation at the mere mention of such names as Nelson 's ? What , but the principle and feeling which must excite pleasure in the Irish peasant 's breast , when informed of the advancement and distinction of one of his persuasion and way of thinking . As to the attempt made to identify the Revolution with the abominable code against the catholics , he protested against the identity . He also protested against the Revolution , as being provoked by ca- 692 tholicism , or by the peculiar partiality of James H. to that creed . No ; it arose out of his perseverance in urging that dispensing power which his unfortunate father attempted to establish . But the main question to consider on this occasion was this : by whom had any of the riots or commotions , ascribed to the catholics , been excited and directed ? Certainly not by catholic generals , admirals , or senators , whatever concern the catholic populace might have in them . Therefore no precedent could be adduced from history to justify any apprehension of danger from such persons as this petition referred to . Indeed , as to history , it would not be the interest of either sect to refer to it , as a great deal of excess might be shewn on both sides . To the assertion of the noble baron ( Hawkesbury ) that the catholics owed their exclusion to their own conduct in refusing to subscribe to the oaths of supremacy and abjuration , he would shortly reply , by referring to those oaths , and then he would ask any candid man , whether it was possible for any catholic to swear such oaths ; to subscribe to tests which absolutely proscribed his own faith : the proposition was mockery . The noble lord concluded with a commentary upon the principles and objects of those with whom the penal laws originated , and pronounced the conduct of the old whigs of the Revolution who sanctioned them , as highly disgraceful . said that he should state very shortly the motives of his adherence to the opinion which he had expressed so fully on a former occasion . He had even been inclined to give a silent vote ; for it did not appear to him that any new circumstances had arisen , or that any new arguments had been adduced to shake or controvert the solemn decision of 1805 . Without entering into any details , he felt himself compelled by his sense of public duty to resist any further indulgences to the Roman-catholics of Ireland . From 1778 to 1793 concession had followed concession , and every indulgence had produced a new demand ; `` Increase of appetite had `` grown by what it fed on . '' Many of those concessions had been