decla-'rations made by them , in a variety of 'publications , are strongly expressive of 'their total disapprobation of compulsion 'in religion . And that it would be very 'unfair to involve in the guilt of the mis- * See vol . iv . p. 795 . 597 'guided zealots of former days , a body of men of a far different description , to whom it is our duty , and should be our inclination , to shew every mark of benevolence , both as brethren , and as deserving fellow-subjects.—Sir J. H. regretted that the impatience of the house seemed to check his proceeding to give other more enlarged quotations from that inestimable record of Christian charity and moderation , so admirably suited to inculcate the most wholesome truths at the present crisis . Sir J. H. then proceeded to state , that he had received , by that day 's post , as he found many other members also had received , an anonymous circular paper reflecting on the character and conduct of Dr. Milner , who , in a former debate , had also been , and with as little foundation , attacked by a learned member of that house , on account of a work intitled , 'The Case of Conscience.'—Dr . Milner had been fully vindicated on that occasion by his hon . and learned friend below him ( Dr. Laurence ) ; and on the present occasion , sir J. H. contended , it was not less a debt of justice due to the Roman Catholic titular metropolitans of Ireland , than to Dr. Milner himself , to examine how far the facts alledged against him were intitled to credit , and , consequently , objects of censure . Dr. Milner was himself a prelate of the Roman communion , and was formally accredited to this country by those prelates , as the organ of their sentiments , to treat in their behalf , if any such treaty became necessary , and to propose or assent to such measures as might eventually be connected with the objects of the present important discussion . A proposition stated by his right hon . friend who moved the question , and certainly of the greatest importance , had been introduced to the house , on the authority of Dr. Milner , —in proportion , therefore , as censure attached to the conduct of Dr. Milner , it might be reflected on his constituents . Whatever might be the merit or demerit of Dr. Milner 's recent publication , from which the passage in the circulated paper had been garbled , as on a former occasion , without any regard to the context , a reference to it , in the book itself , would afford the best defence that could be made for this respectable ecclesiastic , whose reputation was thus anonymously attacked on the subject of his representation of the mode of administering an oath in Ireland ; and with respect to the 2nd charge , of his being accessary to the reprinting , by subscription , the 'Errata of 598 the Protestant Bible ; ' Dr. Milner was in no way privy to that publication , which had been undertaken before his arrival in Ireland , although he is charged with taking over the old edition , expressly for the purpose of publishing it . Nor was it by the authority of any of the Roman Catholic prelates that the republication had taken place , notwithstanding many of the clergy had subscribed , on the application of the bookseller who published it . At the same time , it was fair to observe , that an exposition of Catholic principles was subjoined to that publication , which might justly challenge the approbation of the warmest friends of the Establishment , as containing the most pointed abjuration of every dangerous or obnoxious tenet which had ever been ascribed to Catholics , and which no Catholic will conscientiously refuse to make . This supplementary exposition had been drawn up by Gother , an ecclesiastic of the Roman communion , and of whose writings sir J. H.