the danger which a divided country would have to experience in case of invasion from an active and powerful enemy . A regard for their own property was the chief reason . They are not afraid of war , but they are afraid of the continuance of the disabilities , and they deprecate those terrible privileges of an extensive monopoly of constitutional right and political power . On this principle it is , that they come to offer up their monopoly , and to entreat that others may be admitted in common to defend their rights—to defend their country ! without which , neither a sufficient defence for the preservation of political power , nor of landed property , can reasonably be looked to . If you accede to their recommendation , it will be the means of a greater power of defence than you can hope to derive either from your Parish Bill or from your Local Militia . What answer will you return to this recommendation ? Will you say , `` that although we thought you worthy to participate with your fellow subjects in election franchises , yet we think you not deserving of further concession ; or , in other words , we consider you as inimical to the interests of the state ? '' Will 565 you go further and say , `` no , we will not attend to the prayers of your Petition , but we will , in order to provide for the perpetual safety of the empire , leave the country to divisions , and the church to the Pope ! '' You may leave the country to division , but if you do , you will thereby endanger the empire , for the rising of rebellion will be the consequence of refusal . Is it , then , worth while , for the sake of a paltry monopoly , which at last can be but temporary , to refuse , for such an object , the recommendation of so large a portion of your Protestant subjects ? Will you , I say , adopt so narrow a line of policy , when the Catholics allow you a controuling power over the nomination of bishops ? If you do , why then I contend you will leave the country to its own ruin , and you will leave the church to the Pope . It has been argued that the object of the Petition is of little value , and that it is not much regarded or desired by the petitioners themselves ; but , will it be contended by those who have expended so much money in obtaining seats in parliament , that seats in parliament are of no value , and that it is not matter of any moment to subject any-class of men to be excluded from them ? It has been said that Catholics are not desirous of seats in parliament ; and as proof of the assertion , the declaration of Connaught has been cited . But though rebellion is not announced as a consequence of the refusal , yet it does not follow , that if the boon is given , it will not be highly valued . It is not in human nature to be satisfied with being excluded from situations of honour and dignity . The exclusion of Catholics from parliament and the state , is not only degrading , but dishonourable in the highest degree . If there bean indifference to that exclusion , it is the more dishonourable to the legislature , for then it proves that the Catholics are so subdued by tyrant laws , that the spirit of attachment to the constitution is subdued among them . If so , I am sure it is highly requisite immediately to plant a soul in the body , which may animate it from the centre to the extremities . Till that is done , the exertions of the state will be crippled , and instead of sending armies to fight your battles against the enemy , you will of necessity be obliged to keep them at home to defend Ireland .