the gallant officer was not a proper object of the public generosity , and in the chastest sense of the term corrupt , this money distributed to him was imprudently , improperly , and corruptly applied ; and in fact he was in the situation of a guilty person by his own confession . He said , that by distress he was driven into Bombay ; that there meeting with other traders engaging in illicit commerce under the same flag , he followed their example . Supposing a man were forced into Hounslow by a storm , and he were there to meet with some highwaymen who had taken shelter , would it be any justification for him at his trial that he had followed their example ? Yet , such was the vindication hazarded by the gallant officer . This was not the only curious proposition with which the house was amused . The gallant gentleman said that while he was a British officer he was all honour , when he was a mercantile adventurer he was all interest . Such was his ingenious distinction , and yet while he was thus engaged in mercenary pursuits , he asserted that he was a loser of 40,000l . It might be a question , if the hon . gent . were worth 40,000l . at the period to which he adverted . What had been his situation in 1792 ? He had leave of absence for two years , but not returning , he was struck oft the list . Afterwards he was restored to it , and introduced to a command which he held , he believed , contrary to the sense and inclination of the navy . Then he was tried ; after his trial , he enjoyed a new and lucrative appointment , and now he had the honour of having the King 's Advocate for his own . Besides all this , he had been complimented in the East Indies , welcomed at Lloyd 's , distinguished by a foreign potentate , and had received a most flattering eulogy from his royal highness the duke of York . Notwithstanding all this weight and accumulation of honours , he must , persevere in the opinion , that the public money had been misapplied , and that these resolutions ought to receive the sanction of the house . said , that before he stated the terms upon which he had contracted for the Loan for the service of the present year , he should shortly recapitulate the different heads of Supply and of Ways and Means , viz . said , he observed , that there was one million of the loan for Ireland still to be provided for : 1,500,000l . was to be by loan from the Bank ; but , he hoped the other million was not to be raised by exchequer bills , in which case there would be an issue , on that head , all together of six millions more than the ordinary grant . As to the loan , he congratulated the right hon . gent . on the terms on which it had been contracted ; he was far from having expected any such : certainly , the terms were as good for the country as the public could have expected . He could by no means agree , however , that this advantageous bargain was to be attributed to the circumstance of its having been made in the four rather than the three per cents . Previous to the bidding , the four per cents . had stood at 84 , odd ; and , in contemplation of it , fell to 82½ . He was , therefore , entitled to ask , would not the contractors for the loan have been disposed to make an equally good bidding in the three per cents. ? Would they not be witling to contract in a stock they wished , rather than in one they did not wish to bid for ? Nearly about the same sum would redeem the stock in the one fund as in the other . The