Cawn . The people of Arcot beheld this action with horror ; they recurred with gratitude and affection to the mild and generous administration of the family of Seed Mahomed Cawn ; and they saw in the violent death of this beloved youth , the termination of that fostering care which had so long protected them ; they apprehended from the intrusion of a stranger into the government of the province , that spirit of ravage which too commonly distinguishes a violent and unjust possession , Unfortunately for the unoffending people of the Carnatic , these fears proved too true ; for from that moment until the hour in which lord Clive signed the treaty which is now the subject of our deliberations , a period of near sixty years , the people of the Carnatic have been scourged with the plagues of war , famine , neglect , and oppression : but to the English East India Company the succession of Anwar ud deen Cawn proved , in its very beginning , nearly fatal . Dupleix , governor of Pondicherry , soon discovered that avarice was the ruling passion of Anwar ud deen Cawn , and he succeeded in obtaining his connivance in an attack upon Madras , which terminated in its capture by the Trench , when a large treasure , a vessel laden with valuable cloths , and all their shipping , fell into the hands of their enemies . In vain were remonstrances and intreaties addressed to Anwar ud deen Cawn ; he adopted no effectual measures to redress those misfortunes which were accumulating upon the English under his eye ; for he withheld that protection which he was bound by the sunnuds of the empire to extend to them . The only factory which remained to us was fort St. David ; and although the army of Anwar ud deen Cawn under his two sons , Ma-phooz Cawn and Mahomed Ally , marched towards Pondicherry upon the plea of punishing the insult offered to the emperor 's authority by the seizure of Madras , and actually made an attack upon a party of the French troops in the vicinity of fort St. David , Dupleix soon contrived to purchase their return to Arcot , and carried into execution his design of attacking fort 777 St. David . In vain was the most moving appeal again directed to Maphooz Cawn and Mahomed Ally in this extremity of the English affairs ; ineffectually were such sums of money as were then left , offered for their continuance in the neighbourhood until the English fleet should return , or even for a period of tan days . The French used the treasure they had seized at Madras in bribing higher , and the army of Anwar ud deen returned to Arcot . Happily , however , the English fleet , this nation 's best hope in every crisis of her affairs , appeared in the roads of fort St. David , and dispelled the gathering destruction . Such was the nature of the assistance and protection which the English received from the first of the family of Mahomed Ally , and which the honourable member ( Mr. Johnstone ) has spoken of in such terms of approbation ; but when he shall have consulted the records of those times with more diligence , he will find that the confidence of the Company 's servants , and the treachery of Anwar ud deen Cawn , involved them in almost irremediable misfortune , from which he left them to extricate themselves . Anwar ud deen had , however , very soon reason to repent his desertion of the English ; it left the French at liberty to combine with the relations of Seed Mahomed to avenge his murder ; and in a battle fought , against a confederated force under Chunda Snhib , supported by the French , Anwar ud deen was slain by a soldier in the French service , his army routed , his eldest son Maphooz Cawn taken prisoner , and his second son Mahomed Ally fled with a single attendant to the fortress of Trichinopoly ,