, and ought to be drawn , to accrue to the Consolidated Fund . The hon . gent . enlarged upon this subject , contending that he did not wish to unsettle these hereditary revenues , but merely that they should be adjusted ; in which case , he repeated , a sum might be obtained , equivalent to the deficiency which the rejection of the bill before the house would occasion . shewed , that if those Revenues had been applied as wished for by the hon . gent . a deficiency must then be occasioned in the Civil List , which it would become necessary for parliament to make good . In the amount also , the hon . gent . must be very much mistaken . So far from amounting to 100,000l . he should be much surprised to find the demised hereditary Revenues , to which the hen . gent . alluded , amounted to 50,000l . held in his hand the Accounts moved for by the hon . gent , by which it appeared , that since 1797 , they amounted only to 30,614l . declared , that the Account which had been laid on the table of the house in consequence of his motion , was a very imperfect one , and complained of the difficulty which he experienced in obtaining satisfactory documents on this subject.—The house then divided on the question that the Speaker do leave the chair : brought up the report , of the Committee of Supply , relative to the grant of 9,250l . for the Roman Catholic College of Maynooth : and on the question that the Resolution be agreed to , contended that the reduction of the grant of last year was calculated to irritate the great body of the Catholics , and particularly to alienate the priests , whose influence had been so much talked of . The question now was , whether the priests should be educated or uneducated , for priests would be at all events found . The reason why the Roman Catholic nobility and gentry did not educate their sons for the priesthood was , because it afforded them neither prospects of honours or emolument . When he looked to the situation of the empire and of Europe , when he considered the exclusion of the Catholics from education on the continent 122 by the revolution in Lisbon , when he looked to the recent promotion of individuals who had distinguished themselves by heaping obloquy on the Catholics , and who were fitter for other institutions than for the councils of his majesty , he did not think this a fit time for any reduction of the grant , and therefore he moved that the Report be re-committed . stated in reply , that when he had asserted in a former debate , that the Catholics had originally proposed to support this institution , he had done so on the authority of their original memorial to government , a copy of which had been furnished him by Dr . Troy . This memorial was dated the 14th of Jan. 1794 , and shewed that the object in the contemplation of the Catholics at that time was to be permitted to establish the institution with their own funds . expressed his astonishment , that the hon . general who came forward as minister for Ireland , should be more ignorant of its situation than an humble individual like himself . He could tell that hon . member , that the private seminaries were only preparatory schools for the college of Maynooth . He had been within the last ten days at Maynooth , and he could assure the house , that unless the whole of last year 's grant should be voted , the buildings upon which former grants had been expended , would fall . There was no lead on the roofs , and the rain penetrated through them . He declared himself to be a supporter of the Catholics , and having lived on terms of intimacy with the people of the South of Ireland for several years past , he could