effected this purpose ? Besides , I remained long enough in Ireland to have entered into a systematic arrangement with my correspondents in England for vessels to meet me off Scilly , which was the position where the English Indiamen discharged their teas when that was a usage which generally obtained in the service . On the contrary , when I sailed from Ireland , I sailed under the convoy of the Diadem ; and as captain Sutherland wished to be ready to chase on all occasions , he directed me to wear a pendant and lead the convoy . The instructions I issued are in papers on your table ; and it will be there seen , that hoisting a Tuscan jack at the mizen topmast head was the signal for the convoy to proceed to the Downs , while the Etrusco prosecuted her voyage to Ostend . The contradictory depositions in the printed exhibits of men of all nations , and which were taken by captain Robinson 's proctor , do certainly assert , that from two to five boxes of tea were delivered from the ship between Hastings and Dungeness . By reference , however , to the marshal 's sales , and the schedule of the teas which I claimed , it will be seen , that all the teas belonging to me were sold in London , except one box , and is it not natural to suppose that the one box was used in the voyage home ? I have taken much pains to ascertain to whom these teas belonged ; I have not succeeded ; but it is universally allowed that they were given to the Hast- 748 ings pilot , and when the ship was beyond the limits of the hovering act , and consequently there was no law to prevent my having unloaded the whole ship . It might as well be said , that if I was accessary to the smuggling , I might have been equally so in selling the whole of the cargo at . Ostend . But , sir , to strip this transaction of all the elegant and ingenious decoration in which the hon . gent , has involved it , the naked fact is , that a pilot , about to take charge of a very valuable ship over shoals which would shake the strongest nerves , had importuned , as was the custom with every ship passing up the Channel , for a few boxes of teas ; and when the Etrusco had near four thousand chests on board , could the granting this , in the mind of any just or liberal man , be called smuggling ? That this was the extent of the leas which went out of the ship , although there were boats enough to have laden the whole cargo , must be seen by the following letter from the master of a revenue cutter ; 'Tyger , revenue cutter , 'Guernsey , 24th February , 1808 . Sir , 'seeing by the papers , one of the members wishes to prove , that you run your 'cargo off Dungeness , I beg you will remember , that I boarded your ship to the 'westward of the Ness , supposing her to 'be one of his majesty 's ships bound up 'the river , and might want a pilot , at 'which time I was one ; at same time , 'you must recollect we towed alongside 'your ship , nearly up to Dover , where 'we left you proceeding for Ostend . 'Likewise beg to inform you what passed 'in the boat after we left the ship , between 'the boat 's crew and myself . I asked them whether there was any thing to dispose of on board the ship ; they answered 'me no , they might as well go on board ' a light collier ; that captain Popham , 'would not suffer such a tiling to be done ; 'at the same time they informed me they 'had heard on board the ship that you 'allowed your officers to let the Hastings 'pilot have