related this anecdote : that the present bishop of Elphin , ( the brother of a noble and learned lord ) had , in one of his publications , observed , 'By far the greatest part of the popula-'tion of my diocese are Roman Catholics . ' I know , says his lordship , ' ' I can not 'make them good Protestants ; I therefore 'wish to make good Catholics of them ; and 'with this intention , I put into their hands 'the works of Gother , an eminent Catholic 'divine . ' This was a conduct at once consistent with liberality and the soundest policy . The same respectable prelate , in the debate on the Catholic Bill in 1793 , candidly admitted , that 'speculative dif-'ferences in some points of faith were of 'no account . His Roman Catholic bre-'thren and himself had but one religion , '—the religion of Christians ; and that , 'without justice to the Catholics , there 'could be no security for the Protestant 'Establishment . '—Sir J. H. then made some observations on the contrasted Catechisms of the Protestant incorporated Society and the general Catechism of the Roman Catholic titular metropolitans : the one but too evidently inculcating an abhorrence of their Catholic brethren ; the other , instilling the principles of christian charity , and loyalty to the established government . It was to be regretted , he observed , that those societies , established no doubt with the most laudable design , should have fallen into a course so ill adapted , on Christian principles , to promote their object . Sir J. H. then reverted to the 599 charges brought by Dr. Duigenan against Dr. Milner , on account of his publication of his 'Case of Conscience , ' from which tract he had quoted an insulated passage , without reference to the context , giving it the complexion of a most offensive and dangerous doctrine with respect to the obligations of an oath : whereas a much celebrated dignitary of the established church , the late chancellor of Winchester , who was known to have been long opposed to Dr. Milner in the field of theological controversy , had expressed an opinion of the same tract very different from that of the learned gent , opposite . In a letter , sir J. H. observed that he had the gratification to receive from the late Dr. Sturges , and from which , with the permission of his hon . friend on the treasury bench , who stood in so near and tender a relation to that truly respectable divine , ) he would beg to read an extract . 'Dr . Milner 's 'pamphlet on the king 's oath , ' says Dr. Sturges , 'is able and unanswerable ; the 'Catholics , I think , are obliged to me for 'calling forth his Letters to a Prebendary , 'written against me , which I see are fre-'quently referred to as a work of high au-'thority . ' Sir J. H. proceeded to make some observations on the concordat between the government of France and the see of Rome , in 1801 , many of the restrictions of which were , in point of fact , conceded by Leo the tenth in his concordat with Francis the first , and the subsequent regulations of the French government , as far as they respect the admission and registration of rescripts , & c. from the sec of Rome , are the same as were instituted under the old regime of the Gallican church , viz . that 'no bull , rescript , decree , 'nor other missive from the see of Rome , 'shall be received , published , or otherwise 'put in force , without the authority of the 'government . ' Our government , of course , are free to institute similar restrictions , which might materially tend to quiet the apprehensions of the most scrupulous , whenever the see of Rome should be considered as acting under a hostile influence , and become an object of justifiable suspicion . Such were unquestionably the regulations