of limiting his market , it should be extended . No article can long be produced in quantity beyond the extent of the demand , he meant such a demand as would give a remunerating price to the grower ; a diminished production would follow a diminished demand ; so , the only way to extend or encrease production of any article was to extend the market for it : and , if it was possible to apply this principle stronger to one article than another , it was to the article of grain , because the amount 536 of each year 's harvest was so uncertain ; the surplus produce of an abundant year must then be taken off : how was that to be done ? In the present time an export trade could hardly be expected ; a luxurious consumption of corn in the distilleries , breweries , & c. & c. answered the same end ; even in ordinary years we ought to have amply sufficient for such purposes , in order that in deficient years those supplies might be rendered available . These resources ought certainly to be encouraged , and multiplied . Instead of cutting off the demand of the distilleries , and checking that of the breweries , we should encourage both the one and the other , and every other market that could be found . He begged the house , to consider the effects of the excessive high duties upon malt , which had operated in a most injurious manner upon the growers of barley ; and in effect was already a bounty upon the trade of the East and West Indies . The consumption of tea and sugar was , in almost every cottage , substituted for malt liquors ; and as a proof of this fact , the quantity of barley that paid duty as malt was not more than it was ninety years ago , when the population was little more than half its present amount.—Mr . W. said , he would not longer detain the house , and would adhere to his determination of not entering into the West Indian part of the question . He thought there were means by which the West India proprietors might in some degree be relieved ; the permission of direct export to foreign countries to a limited extent ; the permission to bring home their sugars in a refined state ; the reduction of the duties ; were subjects that atleast required the serious consideration of parliament . He should not however enter upon those to picks at that time , but should sit down , entertaining an earnest hope that the house would not agree to the motion of the noble lord . disclaimed the idea of interfering unnecessarily with agriculture . The only question in his mind was , whether the circumstances of the present time were such as to justify or call for such interference as that now proposed . He had not at any time given countenance to the idea of the existence of a scarcity ; but from the deficiency of the last harvest in Scotland , and the failure of the crops of potatoes and oats in Ireland , he held that we were in a state of imperfect supply . In this state of imperfect supply , and under the circumstances hi 537 which we stood with respect to other countries , he thought it right to retain and husband the supplies on hand , till such time as the ascertained produce of the present crop should remove every apprehension of the danger which he thought ought now to be guarded against . On no former occasion , cither in 1757 , in 1795 , or in 1800 , the three occasions on which distillation from grain was prohibited , had it been done by proclamation , but in all these instances it had been effected by an act of parliament . If , indeed , a scarcity should be felt when parliament was not sitting , a minister would be unworthy of his situation , who would not adopt such a measure