decision in the affirmative on either of these grounds will carry the question in favour of Mr. Palmer ; and that the union of the two , which is in fact the case , is by no means necessary to establish , his Claim , though it can not fail to give to it redoubled force , and to leave the rejection of it , could such a decision be conceived to be adopted , more entirely without excuse . The existence of a bargain is not denied , and of a bargain so constructed , as to make it impossible that the public should suffer by it . It may be added , so constructed likewise , as to make it nearly impossible to conceive how it should be capable of being forfeited . A bargain by which a person is paid only in proportion to the service he does , though it may originally have been an improvident one , as giving him a larger proportion of the benefit to be received , than with proper precautions he might have been willing to accept , is a species of bargain by which , when once made , the public can never be a loser , and which one does not well understand how the individual contracting it can ever forfeit . It is not contended indeed directly , that the bargain in this part of it has been forfeited . But it is said , 'We can not distinguish how much of what 'was to be given to Mr. Palmer was given 'on the footing of compensation and how 'much for future service . When he had 'forfeited , therefore , as it is agreed he did , 'what was intended as engagement for 'future service , we deem upon a rough 'calculation , that what remained to him , 'was worth no more than what we now 'offer ' It might be sufficient to say , that the calculation here referred to , was a most unjust one ; and that admitting the line of distinction , between what was given as a reward and what was intended as wages , to be ever so difficult to be traced , it could never be conceived , that what was left for reward after deducting all that could be construed as payable for future service , was no more than is now pretended . But this difficulty is a mere pretence . Nothing , one should think , could be more apparent to any one who did not chuse to be blind , than that the part assigned as reward and remuneration was the percentage , and the part intended as payment for future services , the salary . The only doubt could be , whether the principle of reward for the past did not extend even to the salary , just as it happens in a thousand instances , that an appointment to an office is the reward of services already per- 292 formed : but it is a strange perversion indeed , to suppose , that when , in exchange for a plan communicated to the public by an individual , and brought forward by him in the first instance at his own risk and expence , an agreement is made granting him as a reward for , or as the price of , his invention , a proportionate part of the clear advantage , which it should produce to the public , the subsequent appointment to an office should change the nature of the bargain so made and completed , and silently superinduce a condition , by which his bargain should be forfeited in consequence of any misconduct which would have the effect of forfeiting the office . The very circumstance that part of the percentage was given up when this appointment took place , and given up in consequence of that appointment , is proof conclusive , even could any doubt be entertained , that what was not so given up , continued precisely on the footing on which it had previously stood.—What miserable quibbling , therefore , would that be ; even if