arrivals without any communication . It can not be expected of me , that I should state prospectively what are the views of his majesty 's government on this subject . The principle by which they have hitherto been guided , they will continue invariably to pursue . They attach as much value to the restoration , and to the continuance of cordiality , and perfect good understanding with America , as any men can do ; they are ready to purchase that advantage by every justifiable conciliation ; they have proved that readiness by the act of the present session , in which the trade of America has been placed on the most favourable footing ; but , sir , they are not ready to purchase that advantage , great as they acknowledge it to be , at the price of the surrender of those rights on which the naval power and preponderance of Great Britain is immutably fixed . The hon . gent , has alluded , with proper delicacy , to some unpleasant circumstances which the present stagnation of commerce 1052 has produced in a part of this country , but , sir , in making this allusion , he has offered to the executive government a piece of advice , which , I trust , is unnecessary . He has recommended to us , sir , in any measures which the excesses of the misguided may compel us to take , to discriminate between the objects of mercy and those of justice ; and not to apply to innocence , goaded by want to imprudence , the punishment which belongs only to indefensible guilt . Sir , I trust it was perfectly unnecessary for the hon . gent . to lay down this principle for the guidance of his majesty 's government . And , sir , if among those who , by the real pressure of the times , are incited to tumult , men should be found who , without themselves experiencing any inconvenience , avail themselves of the irritation of others to forward views of a very different nature , then , sir , I trust , that to such men the hon . gent , would not wish his principle of lenity to apply . I state this , only because I think that the recommendation of the hon . gent , is rather too much of a sweeping description , and that it implies a proposition which I do not choose at this moment either to contradict or to adopt ; namely , that one cause alone , the pressure of the times , is enough to produce the evils to which he has alluded , and that no other can exist in aid of it.—Sir ; the hon . gent , inquires whether the operation of the Orders in Council has produced the full effects expected from it ? But he does not state fairly the extent of the expectation . It never was supposed by his majesty 's government , that the Orders would throw no impediment in the way of the commerce of the country : we expected that they would impede the commerce of the country , but we imposed this restriction , because restriction existed elsewhere , and because we thought that the restriction of the enemy would be more successfully combated by a defying restriction on our part than by helpless acquiescence and unresisting supplication—means unworthy of the British nation . I have now , sir , gone through most of the hon . gent . 's observations , except those which related to the different committees of this house , to the general course of parliamentary business , and to the laborious attendance of members during the present session . Sir , I shall add but a very few minutes to that attendance in expressing my cordial concurrence in the sentiments of the hon . gent . ; and I am persuaded , my right hon . friend near me 1053 ( the chancellor of the exchequer ) is by no means disposed to dissent from the hon . gent . 's opinion ,