the hon . gent . behind him , ( Mr. Wilberforce , ) who has no party prejudices at all , have asked what difference there is between the present time and that of 1805 , so as to render the present application on behalf of the Catholics necessary ? To which I answer ; there is a great difference . In the first place , there is a great difference in the public opinion upon the subject . When the bill which has been so often alluded to , 631 was brought into this house by my noble friend , so little danger was apprehended from it , that if it had not been for the observations of the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , it would have wholly passed without observation . It would have passed into a law quietly , and would have quieted its objects , if it had not been for the cry which the right hon . gent , raised against it , and that has thrown the nation back a century in the scale of liberal opinion . In some places , however , thank Heaven , the object was totally disappointed . But in others , the yell became tremendous , and prejudices were rekindled into fury . Surely the right hon . gent. , upon reflection , must shudder at the effect of his own work . For much of the mischief created by this cry we have the authority of a learned friend of mine , who is no longer a member of this house , but who was once an ornament to it , and whose brilliant talents and splendid eloquence , at once convinced and delighted us—I speak of Mr. Plunkett , whose speech upon that subject , in this house , will not be forgotten , while they live , by those who heard it . He told us the mischiefs produced by the restless spirit that raised that cry of 'no 'popery . ' Would the right hon . gent . set down the authority of such a man as Mr. Plunkett , upon such a subject , as nothing at all ? And upon this subject a gallant officer ( Mr. M. Matthew ) spoke also most correctly , and with very justifiable animation . The right hon . gent , may think that this cry of 'no popery , ' is the genuine sentiment of the people of England ; now , upon that point I will take Westminster against Northampton—At Northampton , indeed , the cry of 'no popery'—'church ' and king for ever , ' had their effect , no doubt—But at Westminster it had none whatever ; and the right hon . gent . will hardly contend that there is more intelligence in Northampton than there is in Westminster . With the enlightened part of the community that delusion is clone away . And the discussion of this question , if it took place from day to day , would soon open the eyes of the public , and we should hear no more about 'popish plots , ' or 'the church is in danger . ' Mr. Fox said , that the moment of delusion from fanaticism , was passed away never to return . Mr. Fox was a man of the most transcendent talents that ever , perhaps , adorned human life , but in this he was no prophet . When he said this , he little thought that his majesty 's attorney general , an officer 632 whose duty it is to check , not to create fury in any of the king 's subjects , would have lent himself to the work of throwing the vulgar part of mankind into a species of fanatic phrenzy , and then avail himself of it for the purpose of obtaining political power . And therefore no wonder that Mr. Fox , from his unsuspecting nature , was not a prophet on this occasion . But the right hon . gent , has told us , that the Roman Catholics will not be satisfied with what you