, they were so blended with those called fictitious , that an attempt at discrimination would be utterly impossible . He hoped the house would not push the rule to its extent on this occasion , as it might lead to a manifest inconvenience ; viz . that in case any future petition were to be presented , names might be fraudulently and clandestinely fabricated in the same hand , for the purpose of procuring the rejection of the petition . He thought the petition should , at all events , be suffered to lie on the table , with the names separate , if possible ; but still , if that could not be effected , he thought it did not signify , as the suspected names might be allowed to go for nothing . felt great anxiety on the subject of this petition . The petition did not derive weight from the numbers subscribed , but from its matter . But , if the signatures were so intermixed as not to be separated , he thought that it should be received in its present state making a special entry upon the journals , that it should not be drawn into a precedent . was desirous that some way might be found out for avoiding the present difficulty , but did not think that any thing with respect to these forms should be granted as a present indulgence , which might be a future embarrassment . He thought it impossible but that in such a mass of names the right hon . gentleman would find many which he could attest , and as numbers made no difference in the importance of this question , the petition might be presented with these signatures only . severally explained ; after which , Mr. Grattan proposed , with the leave of the house , to withdraw the Petition , with a view to procure original signatures , in which case he should not be able to present it before the recess . He should , however , present it by the 16th of May , on which day , he should move for the appointment of a Committee upon it.—After a few words from Messrs. Whitbread and William Smith , recommending the adoption of the line pointed out by Mr. Yorke , to receive the Petition and make a special entry , the Petition was withdrawn . said , he had not long since had occasion to call the attention of the house to the general consideration of our military establishment ; but , at the same time , the house would allow , with reason , that the first consideration was due to our regular army , rather than to those descriptions of force which were secondary and collateral to it . It was the duty of government , however , to attend to all parts of the military system , and to provide effectually for the maintenance and discipline , not only of those descriptions of force that always had arms in their hands , but also of those that were armed only provisionally for the purpose of training and discipline , with a view to eventual emergency . Having proposed that first which was of most importance , he was happy to congratulate the house , that by the success that had attended the measures which it had been his good fortune to propose to the house last year , no legislative care was any longer necessary for the establishment of a regular army . The zeal with which the act passed on his suggestion had been carried into effect , having added 40,000 men to our regular establishment , that most important branch of our military system might be safely left to the protection of the ordinary recruiting . The regular army and militia being in this perfect state , we might now proceed to the arrangement of those other parts of our establishment which were neither less important , nor less difficult to be properly regulated . Having taken the measures last year , which operated so beneficially for the regular army , he thought the country