to be a breach of the privilege of the house , he could not too soon bring it under the view of the house , nor could the house too soon proceed to take it into consideration.—After a few words from sir F. Burdett , disclaiming the having brought the question forward as a complaint , his object having been to obtain advice from the house , the matter was allowed to rest there . rose to make his promised motion respecting the appointment of Dr. Duigenan as a Privy Counsellor of Ireland . He began by disclaiming all personal motives towards the learned gent , with whom he had never happened to have the smallest intercourse in his life , and whom he was disposed to regard with respect , in every other view but what belonged to the subject of which he was about to complain . This , however , he considered as of so much importance , that under similar circumstances he should not be deterred from a similar course , by any degree of respect which he either did or could entertain for any man whatever . The motion was of the greatest importance , fur if it were received , it could not fail in a considerable degree to counteract the ill effects which a late measure ( the reduction of the Maynooth establishment ) must infallibly produce by irritating the minds of the catholics in Ireland . The matter in question was small in itself , but the effect would be great . Prompt to a sense of injury , and still more of affront , the Irish character was equally sensible to marks of kindness . 146 The little importance of the thing in itself added to the value of the occasion , as it more completely distinguished the intention from the act , and the principle from the thing . If ministers seized this as a happy opportunity of telling the Irish catholics they did not regard them as enemies , and convincing them by this act of attention that they had no intention of wounding their feelings when a sense of duty required them to refuse their request , this motion would render a signal service to the state , the catholics of Ireland , and above all to the minister himself . Should this even not be the happy result , still the discussion would do good . He differed diametrically with those who deprecated Irish discussion in that house . It was important that such discussion should take place ; that the catholics of Ireland should see that there were persons in parliament who entered into their feelings and espoused their cause ; that the eyes of the catholics should be attracted to the parliament : for if ever , fancying themselves disregarded or forgot here , they should look another way , the danger would be much greater . He was therefore never alarmed by catholic petitions , and cared not extremely in what manner their dissatisfaction was expressed . But when their murmurs should become not loud but deep , when they should no longer think it worth their while to complain , danger would be near at hand ; for there was no symptom so truly alarming , or which so surely announced the near approach of political dissolution , as the silence of a discontented people . Gentlemen might wonder at his ; taking up this subject , who had no peculiar local knowledge , but such was not necessary on this occasion . All the premises he wanted were facts that were notorious , all the conclusions he should draw were applicable to every country in the world . It would not be denied that the Irish catholics were greatly discontented . It would not be denied that the church establishment in Ireland was anomalous ; being forced on that nation after conquest , in opposition to the religion of the mass of its people ; affording the singular spectacle of a clergy in many parts without duties to perform , and a people without the means of religious worship ; pastors without