of integrity and uprightness . had seen no reason to complain of a disposition on the part of those connected with the Company , to withhold any information that was necessary to guide the inquiries and decision of the committee . foretold that the East India Company would again apply next year to parliament for a loan , that the year after a similar application would be made , and that there was no probability of any loan that was granted ever being repaid . Upon this ground , he contended that it was highly expedient that the public should be made thoroughly acquainted with the real state of their affairs . He should not , however , press the question to a division , if the sense of the house appeared to be against him.—After some farther conversation , the motions were withdrawn , as was likewise the previous question . in rising to move for certain papers relative to the hereditary revenue of the crown , stated his object to be the correction of a number of errors into which an hon . gent . who proposed to make this revenue the subject of a financial arrangement for the year ( Mr. Biddulph ) had fallen . That hon . gent , had stated , that the crown lands were let for only 50,000l . a year , whereas they would appear to produce much more . The hon . gent , had stated also , that the 131 abuses mentioned in the reports of the old finance committee on the hereditary revenue , were never corrected . The fact was , that an act of parliament had been passed to rectify these abuses , in the very next session after the report , which act had been strictly carried into execution . But a number of pensions and other charges fell upon this revenue , which otherwise should be defrayed out of the Civil List , leaving only a balance of 1,900l . which was regularly paid into the exchequer . The right honourable gent . concluded with moving for an Account of the land revenue of the crown in England and Wales , with the pensions and other payments defrayed out of it , the sums appropriated to the improvement of woods and forests , and the sums paid into the exchequer.—Ordered . was not aware of any official objection to the motion , but he thought it would be but fair to the gallant admiral with whose conduct the paper was connected , to allow him every opportunity of elucidating the circumstances as far as he was concerned . thought that some satisfactory reason ought to have been assigned for the production of this paper . He complimented admiral Duckworth in high terms , and expressed a wish that it had fallen to his lot to pass the Dardanelles in the same circumstances with admiral Duckworth , as he certainly should have considered it as a feather in his cap as long as he lived . If the hon . gent . wished for information , he was surprized that he had not moved for a copy of the admiral 's , and not of the captain 's , Log-book . said , that it was notorious that the expedition to the Dardanelles had failed of its object , and as had been given out , from the state of the winds and currents . It was of importance , then , that that house should know what really was the state of the winds and currents at the time ; which could only be done in a satisfactory way , by the production of one of the captain 's log-books who was employed on the expedition . It was extremely desirable that the house should know whether the expedition failed from misconduct or from unavoidable causes ; 132 and if it did fail from misconduct , whether the admiralty , lord Collingwood , or admiral Duckworth , was to blame . said a few words in favour of the motion . was of opinion , that sufficient reasons had not been given for the