were too high , a circumstance which induced more people to adopt this trade than there was a demand for , or than it could support ; and were a minimum of wages now to be fixed , he was afraid that it would prove an inducement to ignorant persons to bring up their children in this line , and still further to overstock the market . He should be most happy could any other mode be devised of granting relief to the sufferers , but the one now proposed he considered so objectionable , that even in this early stage of the business , he was resolved to take the sense of the house upon it . agreed with almost every thing which had been said by the hon . gent , who had just sat down . But , however strong his conviction was of the impropriety of the principle on which this measure was to be founded , he thought the application of such a numerous and deserving class of individuals merited every attention ; and perhaps in discussing the remedy which had been proposed by the right hon . gent , one less objectionable might be discovered . joined in opposing the bill , which had a direct tendency to ruin the manufactures , and to increase the distresses of those employed in them . For these distresses he felt as much as any man , but he thought the house ought to be extremely cautious in raising hopes which must infallibly end in disappointment . The inevitable consequence of the present measure , if carried into effect , would be , that the manufacturer would discharge a number of his workmen , by ' which they would be reduced to complete misery . disapproved highly of the principle of the measure , and was anxious to make it known , that this disapprobation was founded upon a true regard to the interest of the work-people them-selves . The great cause of the distress at present felt , was not the oppression of the masters , but the shutting up of the foreign 427 markets , and the fact was , that masters were now suffering from this cause still more than the men . As to what the hon . gent , had said respecting this application being countenanced by the masters , he was sure , if this was the case at all , it was only in a very limited degree , and that if the present measure was persevered in , they would soon have the cotton manufacturers at the bar craving the protection of the house . He hoped , therefore , that they would not permit the bill to be brought in from any sentiments of false compassion towards the men , for the inevitable result would be , that a great number of those whom they wished to relieve , would be discharged by their masters and thrown upon the parishes . said , that before fixing the minimum of wages , the right lion , gent , who moved for leave to bring in the bill , ought to equalize the abilities of the workmen . explained , that it was his intention to have fixed the minimum of wages not for the time but the quantity of work done . He repeated , that he had been induced to propose the measure , not from a conviction of its propriety , but in compliance with the wishes of the cotton weavers , backed with the consent of their employers . declared , that he should be as happy as any man , if some relief could be granted in a proper way to the persons employed in the cotton manufacture , but he never could accede to a measure which went to fix the minimum of wages . entirely agreed with those who thought that the house should manifest a disposition , which he was sure was universally felt , to accede , as far as a sense of duty would permit them , to the wishes of that numerous and respectable class of individuals whom his