same subject from different counties in Ireland , which were actually subscribed by the persons whose names appeared to them . When the petition was subscribed by several thousands of original signatures , it became a serious question , if the object of it was to be defeated by an error in point of form . If sent back , it would be easy to obtain millions of subscribers , but he begged the house to consider what might be the effect of referring this petition back to these millions . He put it to his majesty 's ministers whether they would risk , by rendering such a course necessary , the disturbance of that harmony , which they were all so anxious to preserve . The signatures had been procured from all parts of Ireland , and included the most respectable amongst the Roman Catholics , because it had been objected against former petitions that they did not express the sentiments of the whole body . But if the house should send it back , he was sure that the signatures would be procured , in a temperate manner . There would be other petitions presented from different parts of the country , and , as he understood , one from a Northern county , with upwards of 30,000 signatures . adverted shortly to the Manchester Petition for Peace , which was said to have contained 47,000 signatures , and stated , that he had since been informed that there had been no more than 1600 original signatures to that petition , and that many of the names annexed to it were those of men long dead . He was glad the law of parliament had been now laid down , because , though it was the first right of the subject to bring his complaint before that house , much inconvenience would arise if the practice of annexing the names 36 of dead persons to petitions were to be countenanced . deprecated every application of the case stated by the hon . bart . to the present case . Persons might differ on the question respecting war or peace , but no man could doubt that the whole Catholic , population of Ireland were desirous of being admitted to the franchises of the constitution . If ever the rule of the house was to be departed from , it was in the present instance . lamented the awkward situation in which the petitioners would be placed if this petition should be rejected . It would be an inhospitable reception that would be given to the claims of the petitioners . If the rule laid down was to be strictly observed , it would be peculiarly severe with respect to petitions from Ireland . No member who might present one from that country , particularly if of a popular nature , could possibly prove that all the signatures were real . Under these circumstances , the people of Ireland could have no communication with that house . He had presented petitions from several cities in Ireland , the signatures to which he could not have verified . He left it to the good sense of the house , whether they ought to be too critical in judging of petitions , when they conscientiously knew that the petitions contained the sentiments of those whose signatures were annexed . He protested against the application of the statement of the hon . baronet ( sir R. Peele ) to this case , because he was perfectly convinced , that the petition expressed the real sentiments of all whose names were subscribed to it . If they sent that back which other great bodies received , would not the Catholics of Ireland be discouraged from , any communication with the lower house of parliament ? He remembered having presented a petition at one time to the Irish parliament , which had 40 or 50,000 signatures , of which only 7000 were original , yet that produced no difficulty . He knew it was discretionary in the house to receive the petition in its present shape , and he must put it therefore to