that they must hate those whom they conceived capable of entertaining such sentiments . At a time when the liberality of parliament was appealed to in support of this institution , he conceived it would be a proper time to reform this abuse , and to prevent such a Catechism being taught at these , schools . was sorry that this subject had been drawn into discussion in that house . It had already engaged the attention of the Board of Education , who would probably give directions respecting it . He certainly never had seen the 'Protestant Catechism , ' nor was he acquainted with those documents which the hon . gent . quoted to refute it ; but he thought , that when he had stated what was taught in some schools , he ought also to have stated what was taught in others . He had been informed , that at several Catholic schools children had been taught to read , not in the Bible , but in Paine 's Rights of Man , and in books which gave an account of what the Roman Catholics of Ireland had suffered from the Protestants . Such an education as this would breed them up in a fixed and rooted hatred to Protestants . bore , testimony to the good management of the charter schools in other respects ; but he condemned this 'Protestant Catechism , ' which had been composed for their use . Among other extracts which he read from it was one where the child is asked , was there any salvation for persons in the communion of the 65 church of Rome ? ' The answer to it was in substance , 'that their souls were in great hazard if they did not embrace the light when it was offered them , and abjure the errors in which they were brought up . ' read from the Roman Catholic prayer-book , which was published by the sanction of the four Catholic archbishops of Ireland , and which was put into the hands of all the Catholic children of that country , doctrines totally different from those which had been imputed to them in this 'Protestant Catechism . ' The precepts in the Catholic prayer-book were allegiance to the king , and respect to existing governments . In that part of it which related to love and charity to our neighbours , the question is put to the Catholic child , 'Who is your neighbour ? ' the answer is , 'mankind of every persuasion , and we are bound to love those who differ from us in opinion , and even those who injure us . ' thought that it was no sort of excuse for such doctrines being taught in our charter-schools , which were national institutions , under the controul of government , and paid by the public , to say that at some obscure Catholic school doctrines as mischievous were taught . He thought his hon . friend had done very right in bringing the business forward in this manner , as it was often by the animadversions of the public that the grossest abuses were corrected . It was not above 14 years ago when no children could be educated at those Protestant charier schools but the children of popish parents , and it was very lately a custom to send the children from the South of Ireland to the North , and change their names for the purpose of cutting off all intercourse with their parents or relations . Those abuses had been hitherto principally corrected by becoming subjects of general conversation and censure . supposed it possible that this 'Protestant Catechism ' might have been composed before the Catholics formally and solemnly disavowed the sentiments imputed to them . ( knight of Kerry ) said , that Mr. Parnell had been absolutely obliged to bring the matter before the house , as he had been defied to produce such a Catechism at the time he alluded to it . The Catechism had now been produced , and it was a composition only fit for a Portuguese Jesuit , in