agriculture , and brought many thousand acres under the plough , and so far the effect was beneficial to the community , however painful the circumstances at that time . It was a soft of stimulus however , which no considerate agriculturist would be anxious for again , it unsettled the rates of the wages of the labourer and mechanic , and brought many inconveniences . An hon . member ( Mr. Curwen ) had alluded to an act relating to the corn trade which passed in the year 1804 , and which he ( Mr. W. ) had the honour , under direction of a committee , to introduce into the house . The object of that act was to encourage and increase the production of British corn by checking the excessive importation of foreign growth ; in order to do this the importation price of wheat was raised from 54s . to 66s . per qr . and other grain in proportion . Mr. Pitt Was at that time at the head of the administration , and gave to the measure his decided support ; he saw the necessity of encouraging the agriculture of the country , and of throwing off our dependance upon foreign nations , who were , or who probably might be , our enemies ; and he ( Mr. W. ) said he felt himself authorized in saying , that Mr. Pitt would have concurred in carrying the principle of that act further , if the prejudices of the time had not rendered it unadvisable to do so . The hon . member ( Mr. Curwen ) had said , that he was convinced , great advantages from it had resulted to the country ; for his own part , he certainly concurred in that opinion , and believed that it was in some degree owing to the security it afforded to the British farmer , insufficient as it was , that we were now in a situation so much more competent to provide sub- 535 sistence for the population of this country , independant of foreign aid , than we should have been at a period somewhat more remote ; whatever were those advantages , he was ready to give full credit to Mr. Pitt , to whose support the success of the measure at the time must certainly , in a material degree , be attributed . It was not however upon the increased agriculture of Great Britain alone that we were compelled to rely ; the agriculture of Ireland had increased even more rapidly , and abundant supplies might be derived from thence . An act was passed in the year 1806 , the principle of which he most completely approved , though some of its material provisions he thought imperfect ; by that act the corn trade was entirely thrown open between the two countries ; Ireland could not fail to experience sensibly the beneficial effects of having the British markets thrown open to her , and we might derive from thence all the supplies we stood in need of . If it could be supposed possible that the agriculture of G. Britain should remain stationary , Ireland alone would be able to supply , in an incredibly short time , all that we had hitherto derived from foreign countries . It ought to be the object of government , as it was the obvious policy , to encourage the agriculture of Ireland , to give employment to her population , and to induce her to provide us with that surplus produce which she was so capable of affording ; and no longer to continue that encouragement to the agriculture of foreign at hostile nations.—Upon the whole , he considered the proposed measure of prohibiting the Distillation of Grain most injurious and impolitic , and so far from necessary from any circumstances of the present moment , that every thing indicated the policy of resorting to measures of an opposite tendency . Instead of doing that which must shake the confidence of the farmer in the security of his market , that security should be strengthened and confirmed ; instead