other , it should not be refused.—Such language would the colonies be entitled to hold : ( for are they not equally your subjects ? ) but continued oppression has taught them an humble tone . For equal favour they presume not to ask , of unequal burthens they presume not to complain ; and though , when they were prosperous , you seized on the greater part of their profits as soon as it could be effected ; though you now continue equal exaction when those profits are extinct , they submit , and all they now ask of you is , that they may at least be permitted to exist ; and , finally , in the moment of their ruin , they tell you that , if you destroy their only market , they must perish.—Sir ; the colonies may claim of you not only on these grounds of common right , which every subject must have under every government ; but they may claim of you your positive engagement and plighted faith . What was your original compact with the colonies ? I can not be supposed to mean an instrument signed and exchanged ; but I mean an understanding as binding and clear as any instrument could have ratified . You took their all ; you subjected their interest to that of Great Britain in every possible way . Bound to navigate in your ships ; compelled to part with their produce in a raw state , that you might have the benefit of its manufacture ; —of you only , they were permitted to buy ; in your market only , they were permitted to sell . Is it possible , then , to suppose that nothing was given them in return ? Yes , sir , by the same authority which took this from them , —by act of parliament , you gave them in return—your market . It was monopoly for monopoly : —and now if , retaining that which you took , you deprive them of that which you gave in return , your laws were a snare , and your injustice is complete.—Now , whether this monopoly of your market be recalled by act of parliament , or destroyed indirectly by the acts of your government , the effect is the same to them ; and the injustice will be the same in you , till you repair the wrong.—In this instance you may 509 repair it at an easy price . The fortune of war , by slopping the importation of corn , has thrown a great advantage into the hands of the farmer ; —the fortune of war , by stoppping the exportation of sugar , when you had overloaded the market , has reduced the planter to ruin . What must we think of the former class , that would not part with a small share of this advantage , to save the latter ? what must we think of a legislature which would not compel them ? The case between the colonies and the land ( for so our opponents force us invidiously to put it ) may be stated in any other way . The nation required of the colonies to provide sugar for its consumption and export . It required of the land-holders to provide corn for its increasing population . The colonist has met the demand , and is ruined ; the corn-grower has not met the demand , and is rewarded by a higher price.—They say , 'What right has the colonist to the distillery ? This is a British consumption , and belongs to the British producer . '' Good : but then , what right have you to his trade ? then , what right has the British producer to his consumption ? But , sir , I deny that the distillery is a British consumption . At this moment , barley may be imported from any port of Europe . It is your enemy who prevents it , and not your law . How can the distillery then be called a British consumption , when , if Buonaparte would