the colonies could keep up the competition in the foreign market with the Americans , who supplied the enemy with the sugar of their own colonies , the hon . general adverted to the opinion of the representative of the county of Norfolk , that the sitting of the committee had raised the price of grain . He affirmed , on the contrary , that had it not been for the sitting of the committee , the rise would have been double . The distress of the colonies was not only severe , but urgent , and the admission of grain into , the distilleries was the only mode of early relief , and if this was denied at the end of the session , all the previous proceedings could only be considered as a tub thrown out to amuse the planters . The general argument of the landholders was , that they did not wish for importation : that might be to their advantage ; but when the labourer was in many places in such distress for bread , he should suppose that humanity alone might induce them to allow the deficiency of importation to be thus far supplied . Their motives , however , might be pure , while a regard to their interest prevented their being sensible of the real merits of the question . But , the planters were told to look forward to a stoppage of the distilleries from the 1st of July to the 1st of October . Why , the distilleries never worked at that time . The hon . representative for Norfolk had dwelt upon the great improvement of agriculture , which had doubled within a certain time , yet writers ( Mr. Young , Mr. Wakefield , and others ) had spread an alarm of scarcity , and recommended inclosures . But inclosures would not remedy an immediate scarcity : this could only be done by employing a substitute for grain . Some of the advocates of the high price of provisions contended , that a scarce year was sometimes a great good , as it would be attended with a permanent benefit [ coughing ] . Coughing should not prevent his going on . He contended , that the relief of the colonies , instead of being left out of the question , ought to be the most prominent object , and this was the least objec- 439 tionable mode in which the relief could be afforded . If they asked for a loan of five millions it would be refused them ; but they did not ask this ; they only requested relief in the most moderate way . While Buonaparte was anxiously looking for colonies and commerce , and supplying the merchants of Bourdeaux with money , among us , whose strength and resources depended so much on commerce , books were published to prove that commerce was of no benefit . He concluded by observing , that the West India planters , considering their situation , had been remarkably moderate in their claims for relief , and immediate relief ought at length to be given . did not intend , when he came into the house , to have said any thing , but had resolved to leave the discussion to those who could do the subject so much more justice . But he could not avoid taking notice of the aspersions which had been cast on the country gentlemen by the hon . general under the gallery—a thing the less to be surprised at as coming from an avowed advocate of the Slave trade . The opposition to this measure , he observed , was founded on the clearest and most solid principles , and he most conscientiously joined in it . Trade might suffer for a time , without any great loss to the community , or without affecting in a material degree the general interests . But it was far otherwise with agriculture ; when that was injured the whole country must be injured with it . Nothing , therefore , ought to come into competition with this grand national object . This measure