every liberal profession , and a depressed and ignorant peasantry ; the Catholic population now included all the gradations of a flourishing and free community . In this state you opened to them the sanctuary of civil rights : you judged them worthy to enjoy the benefits and execute the functions of a constitution , which imposes on all its members duties commensurate with the advantages it confers . You sanctioned , by the concessions of 1792 , the principles of the present demand . You gave to the Catholics political capacity ; you admitted them to civil and military offices , to ail but the highest ; and you opened to them the elective franchise . Were these concessions meant for the detriment , or for the advantage of the commonwealth ? Were they granted to men irreconcileably adverse to your government , bound by no oaths , and restrained by no political or moral duty—or to faithful and loyal subjects , on whose co-operation you justly relied in the hour of danger ? Have they been productive of evil ? Or if there be any thing to regret ; is it not rather that the benevolent intentions of the legislature have , by the more narrow policy of your government , been so imperfectly and inadequately executed ? Let us then complete the course in which we have hitherto so well succeeded . Little remains behind for us to grant , though much for them to receive . Feeble indeed is the argument , and circumscribed the wisdom of those , who measure the political effect of these remaining restrictions by the number of the individuals of whose services they actually deprive you . The glory of the prize is not confined to the conqueror ; it 662 ennobles the contest , and honours even the unsuccessful competitor . The splendour of high reward diffuses itself over all who may aspire to the same eminence . It is not the pay of the ensign or midshipman , that compensates to the sons and brothers of your ldships for the hardships and dangers of their station . No , it is the hope of treading in the paths of those under whom they serve , of leading in their time our fleets and armies to victory , and of sharing perhaps one day the rewards and honours of a Marlborough or a Nelson . What would their feelings , what would your own be , if against your connections alone these hopes were irrevocably closed ? The same principle applies to every walk and every situation of life . The peer degraded from his hereditary rights ; the commoner forbid to avail himself of the confidence of his countrymen ; the officer limited to subordinate command ; the barrister pleading before a bench to which he can not rise ; the very merchant declared unworthy to control his own property , and to administer the affairs of a banking corporation ; four millions of people proscribed by law from the legislature and government of their country , debarred from the exercise of those talents which might save the empire , and looking on as men bound and fettered in the midst of a contest which is to decide on their existence . What a picture does this offer of a free community ! Can you believe that the feelings of the higher classes only are affected by such a proscription ? If it were so , I should still inquire on what principle you dishonour all your most distinguished subjects ; what policy has banished from the service of a monarchy all those by whom its institutions are best upheld ? —But do not deceive yourselves with this belief . Your exclusions are as odious as they are unjust . The sense of dishonour , and the consequences of distrust , extend themselves to every class . The personal advantages of a more liberal confidence might probably be enjoyed but by few ; this is not the light in which the British , constitution considers political functions . Open to the emulation of all , and exercised by those