, who will take warning.—But , sir , it is not the white inhabitants only we are to consider . Will the negroes be indifferent spectators of this process ? Believe me , notwithstanding all we have heard , a great portion of them are strongly attached to their masters ; and this sentiment has , in many cases , been hereditary for several general ions , on both sides . We have often seen whim , under such circumstances , an estate was alienated , how the negroes pined under the change , and resented it on their new masters ; how , from orderly and contented people , they became disaffected and fit for any mischief . It is not by force , but by opinion , they are governed . Now , if as a general case , they see their masters extinguished one after another , is it to be imagined that no dangerous feelings will be excited ? Will they be entirely passive when , throughout the islands , they themselves , taken in execution for debt , are torn from their homes , their property and their families ? Can we be sure that not one of their masters , indignant at the ruin he had not deserved , and stung with the view of a starving family , may , by some hasty word or deed , strike that spark which will fire the train , and produce a conflagration which torrents of British blood must extinguish ? Let not this be called high colouring ; it is the natural progress of effect from the cause ; and a case like this will be more dan- 513 gerous , as the white population of the islands must speedily be reduced to a very low ebb , being composed chiefly of persons whoso salaries can no longer be paid . But I have heard some persons say , Great Britain would do better without the colonies ; even leave them to their fate.—Such theories have been broached : for what is there too absurd not to have met with some partisans ? It is pretty clear , however , that it is not by such theories we have risen to our present greatness , and are now able to contend with the world ; and it is pretty evident , that , but for the force which arises from the opposite system , we should be as nothing in the scale . But even to these theorists I would say , At least then keep the colonies , that you may give them away ; Bonaparte has a very different sense of their value , and , if you want peace , will probably , for that single cession , grant your own terms as to the rest.—I have still one set of men to answer . It is those who say—'We admit your case ; you have every claim on the justice and generosity of the British public . As a member of that public , we will go any length to assist you ; but we will not be singled out . Why fall on the land only , when the nation at large should pay the price ? ' I think , sir , I have shewn that this measure will fall on no one ; that even for itself it is desirable ; that from the land it could only take what the landholder ought not , and professes not to desire , namely , exorbitant prices for corn ; and that , at most , it is but admitting the colonies to a small part of the benefit which the stopt importation has given to the land.—But , sir , the reason why this particular mode of relief is urged , is this : that it is the only one which is immediate . Other things may perhaps do more permanent good , but their effect is distant . The colonies can not live so long , as to wait the result . If there were other modes of relief , can gentlemen imagine that those interested for the