which this debt has been incurred is working at this moment , and will continue to work while this country shall endure , and so long shall we continue to reap the benefits of it , while the very small share of those benefits claimed by Mr. Palmer must cease with his life.—Sir , the whole jut of the affair amounts to this : here is a specific Agreement before us , which the government acknowledge to have entered into ; the faith of the country is pledged for the performance of it : and that pledge must be redeemed.—Being of opinion , as 230 I have already stated , that the arrears and continuance of the 1,500l . per annum is objectionable , I shall move for that part of the Resolution to be expunged ; but in respect to the remainder , why , sir , his claim to that can be no more disputed , than the possession of an estate which descends by inheritance . If , therefore , any objection should be made to passing this amended Resolution , I shall then vote for the whole , and endeavour to go as near justice as I am able . —It is with infinite reluctance that I rise upon this occasion , for the task which I have to perform is irksome to my feelings , but at the same time it is so essentially blended with my sense of public duty , that I can not possibly avoid it ; indeed , if any thing could tend more than another , to make an impression upon the house in favour of the petitioner , it is the speech of the honourable gentleman who opened , the debate ; for , certainly , it was urged with every point , and enforced with every argument that such a subject could or would endure . It was calculated to impress the house with high respect for the petitioner , and to give very great importance to the discussion of his claims . I really feel myself in an unfortunate predicament , in being obliged to differ widely from the hon . gentleman , and my situation is rendered more irksome , when , as the ground of that difference in opinion , I am forced to assign very disagreeable reasons . I wish to have the house thoroughly apprised , that in case they acquiesce with the claim now before them , their vote will positively substantiate upon the country a demand for no less a sum than 97,000l . immediate payment , and an additional yearly onus of 10,000l . during the life of the petitioner ; for such , according to every enquiry which I have made , ( and very copious information has been returned to me ) would be found the smallest remuneration which Mr. Palmer would be authorised to demand of the treasury , should the grounds of the present petition be admitted , and receive the sanction of parliament . I neither do nor will attempt , to say , that the amount of a debt should ever overturn the justice of it ; or that the magnitude of the sum claimed by Mr. Palmer , should operate as any reason for refusing the claim itself if satisfactorily established . But , when the consideration of amount is coupled with the recollection of Mr. Palmer 's 231 faulty and disobedient conduct , then I must say , that a pause , a serious and attentive pause , ought to take place before that claim is granted . Let it be understood , that if the vote of this house establishes the present demand , it will go all the length of operating as a most dangerous precedent ; for it will go even to the length of rewarding unworthiness ; at least , if any judgment is to be formed from the evidence upon the table , and indeed , it is impossible not to form a judgment upon that evidence , and I am free to say , that from the most attentive consideration I can afford to the case