member of that house , and he felt it was directed against his own parliamentary conduct . He hoped his right hon . friend would abstain from sowing the seeds of hostility between the two countries , and endeavour to do away the effect of his assertion . persisted in his assertion . He avowed every deference to the opinion of the hon . gent , but said he could not be deterred by any imputations upon his motives , from making his complaints in that house , where they might be answered or redressed , rather than out of doors , where they could only excite murmurs and discontents . contended that his right hon . friend was right in the supposition , that the act would tend to injure the Irish distillers . If the act of union gave an advantage in one point to one of the countries , he supposed it gave an equivalent to the other : that was matter of consideration at the time of its enactment , and certainly it would be highly unjust now to alter any of the provisions which were advantageous to Ireland . He thought the imputation cast on this act was perfectly justified by the circumstances : as to the surprise which the chancellor of the exchequer intimated , at the supposition that this bill went to injure Ireland , he did not see any particular grounds for it : the report of the committee now sitting on the subject of distillation he thought might tend , together with the operation of this act , materially to prevent the sale of Irish manufacture . considered the speech of the hon . baronet as calculated to do much mischief in Ireland ; the interests of which country , he contended , had always been treated with candour and fairness by that house . objected to the present bill as unnecessary . observed , that the act in question was in force while the hon . baronet was in administration , and he made no complaint against it during all that time , nor introduced a single regulation for encouraging the spirit trade of Ireland , although it was entirely in his power . Therefore , as this was the only instance the hon . baronet could advance to show that Ireland had been unfairly dealt with , he hoped the house would attach to it the weight which it deserved.—The bill then went through the committee . rose for the purpose of moving , that the words 'and other papers , ' be left out . He stated that these proclamations were extended by government to other papers merely for the purpose of undue influence . There was no necessity for this : it entailed an exorbitant expence on the country , which was increased as much as possible by the editors of newspapers , for their own emolument . He instanced three cases out of many in which old proclamations were actually inserted for no other purpose ; one of them was of so old a date as 1805 , warning all his majesty 's good and loving subjects in 1808 , of a fever which raged at Gibraltar at the first issuing of the proclamation . A second was also inserted in 1808 , giving notice of a limitation to the exportation of goods from Ireland , which limitation expired in 1807 . A third was lately inserted also , giving notice of a supply of seamen wanted in 1805 . Such was the service for the support of which parliament was now solicited ; if he did not miscall that a service which was in itself unnecessary , or made necessary only for the purposes of corruption . contended , that there was no additional expence incurred by the re-publication of those old proclamations which were alluded to , as the editors were generally paid by the year , and not for each particular publication . As to any attempt at influence , he disclaimed it as far as concerned himself altogether ; nor did he think the publica- 85 tion of these proclamations any proof