is neither justice , nor policy , nor reason , in calling upon us for further sacrifices , whilst , by the law of the land and the bounty of the crown , there exists at this moment a fixed and settled fund for that necessary and desirable purpose . ' It had been asked , why confine this proposed bill to Ireland , and not extend it to this country ? There were these two plain reasons for that limitation ; first , that in this country there was no necessity for a new valuation of the livings , because the fund of First Fruits was competent to its object ; and next , that there was no application upon the people of this country , as there was made upon the people of Ireland , to furnish such a sum as 50,000l . for that purpose . rose to offer to the house the motion on the subject of the Log Book of the Royal George , while in the Dardanelles , which motion he had deferred from a former night . The house had already on its table the Instructions of the Admiralty to lord Collingwood ; and also the Instructions of lord Collingwood to sir John Duckworth , directing that not more than half an hour should be consumed in negociating with the Porte . Sir John Duckworth , in his letter of the 6th March , alledged in excuse for his non-compliance with these orders , the contrary state of the winds , which would not permit him to come close to the city of Constantinople . It was essential to a just investigation of the causes of the failure of the Expedition , to have full and particular evidence on all the facts bearing upon it , and with this view he moved , That there be laid before the house , a copy of the journal or logbook of the Royal George , capt . Dunn ( sir J. Duckworth 's flag-ship ) , from the 19th Feb. the day she entered the Dardanelles , to the 22d Feb. both inclusive . had communicated the substance of this motion to sir John Duckworth , who with the manliness that always distinguishes him , was only anxious that the 286 fullest light should be thrown on his conduct in the case in question , as in every other instance . He thought it due , however , to so meritorious an officer , to state particularly the nature of any charges that it might be in the hon . mover 's contemplation to bring forward against him , in order that his friends might be properly prepared to meet them . At the time , sir , when I gave notice of my intention to move to be laid on the table of the house , an extract of the journal of one of his majesty 's ships , whilst employed upon the Expedition against Constantinople , during the very short period of four days , it was impossible for me to foresee , that there could be , from any quarter , the smallest objection for the production of this paper , but more particularly from the quarter from whence the objection has since come . We were called upon to consider and to determine upon the failure of one of the most important Expeditions that ever sailed from England , and in comparison with the success of which , the loss of every ship of the squadron would have been a trifling and inconsiderable national calamity . Upon the success of this expedition hung suspended the fate of not only Russia , but of England , and of the whole civilized world . Immediately after the passing of the Dardanelles , had our fleet carried the intelligence of this exploit , as well as of the destruction of the Turkish fleet , to Constantinople , within 12 hours after it had happened , ( which , from every information I have been able to obtain , I am of opinion , might easily have been done ) , the confusion and consternation