you , it was the sultaun 's object to unite all mussulmen for the purpose of extirpating the English . It appears too , that though an oath of fidelity on this occasion was administered to the subjects of Tippoo only , yet that an exhortation was addressed to all who were present ; and the intention of it was to attach the mussulmen to the sultaun , and to reprove them for adhering to those of a different persuasion . Let me ask , then , if the sultaun did entertain the object thus ascribed to him , the truth of which is beyond dispute ? if he condescended , as stated in this letter , to appeal to the lowest of our subjects , with the view of subverting their allegiance , and of attaching them to his cause ? must it not be evident that he would be most anxious to win over by every means in his power , not only a most considerable member of Islamism , but a prince whose influence extended over those very people , whom he had thus shewn his desire to enlist under 344 his standard , and who possessed such means for aiding him in the prosecution of the object nearest to his heart ? Is it credible , then , that he would have slighted such a prince , and neglected the proffered advantages of his friendship and assistance ? —The delivery of the hostages , and the return of the vakeels to their master , took place in the interim between the date of this letter , and that of the one which follows , a letter , in some points of view , of considerable importance . It is addressed to Gholam Ally , under the fictitious signature of Gholaum Hussein , but written in the hand of Omdut ul Omrah . The difficulty and danger of communication sufficiently accounts for the purport , of it being so little detailed , but those who have attended to the preceding letters , will easily trace in it a continuation of the former expressions of attachment , founded on the same basis , the maintenance of the Mahommedan faith , so well adapted , and so conciliating to the spirit to which they were addressed.—Repeat this couplet , he says , on my part , to the sultaun.—In the preservation of thy person is the perpetual permanence of the faith . Let him not remain who wisheth not thy preservation.—How unlike is this to the coldness of the avowed letter of form , written on the same occasion , namely , the marriages of two of the sons of Tippoo , and transmitted through the British government . I have received , says the nabob , your letter , informing me of the celebration of the weddings of Abdul Khaleh and Mohammed Moizud Deen , together with a dress and jewels , and are made happy beyond measure by this agreeable intelligence—may the Almighty render this event happy . How impossible it is not to be struck with the marked difference of the sentiment of the couplet from the style of the letter I have just read , and why this difference ? Why ? but that one is intended to convey what the other is intended to conceal.—In the year 1795 , the nabob Wallajah died , and Omdut ul Omrah succeeded to the musnud . An embassy , charged with the compliments usual on such occasions , was sent by the sultaun ; the letters , No . 18 and 19 , are from the ambassadors ; but there is nothing related , except one long conversation about union and friendship , on which his highness is said to have expatiated with great warmth . It is indeed stated , that the vakeels employed on this occasion were not persons to whom a negociation of much delicacy 345 was likely to be entrusted : —at the same time , we must observe , that the following letter from Omdut ul Omrah makes a reference to his communications with them , as if something had passed connected