to their operation , and in that month there was no diminution compared with the corresponding month in the preceding year . The diminution , therefore , was to be attributed to other causes , and these were the effects of the decrees of the enemy . With respect to America , he denied that the Orders in Council had any effect in producing the embargo , it being now well known that that measure was resorted to in consequence of the new and more rigorous decrees issued by the French government , and the expectation that retaliatory measures would be adopted by the British government . It could not of course be expected , that he should say any thing respecting the present state of the relations between this country and the United states ; but this he was entitled to say , that it was the earnest wish of his majesty 's ministers to maintain that friendship and good-will with the United States , which was so beneficial to both countries , and to adopt , every measure for that purpose that was consistent with the maintenance of the dearest rights and the best interests of this country . maintained , that the Orders in Council were held out as a measure of immediate efficacy , in inducing the enemy to revoke his decrees , and that , they had failed in their intended effect . urged , that , whenever the question was argued , it ought to be argued in this point of view , namely , what would have been the effect of the enemy 's decrees upon our commerce if the decrees in Council had not been issued , ft was not enough to say there was a diminution of commerce now ; but the question was , what would have been the diminution under the continued operation of the enemy 's decrees , if the measure of the Orders in Council had not been resorted to ? contended , that the diminution being shewn after the Orders in Council had operated , it lay upon those who supported those orders , to prove that such diminution resulted from some other cause . Some further conversation ensued , in consequence of the lord chancellor 's having stated that the motion had been put and carried an hour and a half ago . Some astonishment was expressed by some 710 noble lords , that the putting the question had not been heard . Earl Stanhope said , that the noble and learned lord had put and carried them in a parenthesis . The lord Chancellor observed , that he had merely said , `` ordered , '' conceiving there was no objection to the motion . Here the conversation dropped ; and earl Bathurst moved for Accounts similar to those moved for by lord Auckland , from all the ports of Great Britain , which were ordered . thought it ought not to be proceeded upon in so thin a house , and moved to discharge the order . after having insisted , as he had done on a former occasion , that the principle of the bill was misunderstood and misrepresented , and that he considered the opposition to it no better than a tub thrown out for the purpose of catching popular applause , added , that he could not avoid observing , that he , as chief justice of the king 's bench , was entitled to some degree of respect , but he had been grossly calumniated by an individual of that house having compared him to those monsters , who in former reigns had disgraced the bench of justice , such as Scroggs , Jeffries , & c. But he should treat the calumny and the calumniator with contempt . On a former occasion he had been blamed for his taciturnity , for which he would not apologise to that individual , but he would explain the reason to that house . disavowed any intention , on his part , to impute the smallest misconduct to the noble and learned lord ; he had said , and he had a