house . He had no hesitation in saying , that if any judge should recommend to a jury what could be construed into a breach of the privileges of that house , it was the duty of the house to resist , and to guide their course according to circumstances . As there was no motion before the house , he should only suggest two different modes of proceeding , both of which had been adopted in the reign of Charles 2 . One was in the case of judge Weston , where an impeachment was ordered ; and the other in the same reign , where that measure not being deemed necessary , the matter was allowed to drop without any further discussion . Those who thought the present a case of the most serious nature , would probably be of opinion , that the former of these was the preferable mode of proceeding ; while others again might be inclined to think that the latter was the most desirable way of disposing of the present question . He had stated what were the modes of proceeding ; and it was for the house to say , whether in this case the more or less serious mode ought to be adopted . said , the sources from , whence he derived his information as to the recommendation of the judge , were the notes of the short-hand writer employed to take down the trial , and the information of his counsel . He esteemed these as affording him sufficient foundation for bringing the matter before the house . The only thing he had submitted to the house was the instruction of the judge ; that the circumstance of his taking his seat , a thing which was incumbent on him , was such an approval and ratification of the proceedings had under the election , as must subject him to the expence of the hustings . He felt himself by no means interested in the fate of this discussion . He esteemed it to be the cause of the house ; and if he had taken a bill of exceptions . 549 or adopted any other mode of setting aside the verdict than that which he now used in submitting the case to the consideration of the house , he should have conceived that he subjected himself to a severe censure for his conduct . He now left it to the house to determine as they thought proper.—Here the matter dropped . presented a petition from the Roman Catholic inhabitants of the county of Wexford , praying to be relieved from the disabilities under which the Catholic body labour.—Sir John Newport presented a similar petition from the Catholic inhabitants of the city of Waterford.—Mr . Butler presented a similar petition from the Catholic inhabitants of the county and city of Kilkenny.—Mr . M. Fitzgerald presented a similar petition from the Catholic inhabitants of the county of Kerry.—Mr . Shaw presented a petition from the lord mayor , aldermen , and common council , of the city of Dublin against the Roman-catholic Claims . All which were ordered to lie on the table . then moved , `` That the Petition of the Roman Catholics of Ireland , whose names are thereunto subscribed , on behalf of themselves , and of others his majesty 's subjects professing the Roman Catholic religion , which was presented to the house upon Monday last ( see p. 489 ) and then ordered to lie upon the table , might be again read . `` —The Petition was read accordingly ; after which the right honourable gentleman again rose and addressed the house as follows : — '' Mr. Speaker ; the Petition which the house has just heard read contains the sentiments of the Catholics of Ireland . Not only that Petition , but the other petitions presented this day , speak the sense of that body . I may therefore fairly assume , in the course of what I have to say , that it does speak the sentiments of four fifths of the Irish population . The Petitions come from a