delusion of this report . The hon . member observed , that he could see no good reason for refusing to produce this report , although he could conceive that many of the members of the committee would not much relish the idea of its being made public . The friends of lord Melville and of marquis Wellesley could not , perhaps , much desire to produce a paper in which the directors ascribed their distress to the Board of Controul constituted in 1784 , and to the Mahratta war . Still , however , before the house could justly vote away the public money to the company , they ought to have every possible knowledge of their affairs , and therefore he moved for this document . said , that the objection to the production of the paper , had been merely a question of time . The Exposition related principally to the state of the company 's affairs abroad . The Report related to their affairs at home . The committee , therefore , with the exception of the hon . gent , had thought it better to delay the production of the Exposition till the second report , where those matters would be treated to which it related . He denied that any delusions had been held out , but said that the predictions of lord Melville and his noble friend near him ( lord Castlereagh ) were justified by the then situation of the company , and had only failed from circumstances which they could not foresee . observed , that the question was , whether any proposition for a loan to the East India company was to 806 be made in the mean time . If there was , then the document would come a great deal too late if it only accompanied the second report . Unless , then , he had some guarantee , first , that the paper would be laid before the house at no very distant period , and , next , that no proposition for a loan should be made in the mean time , he must certainly vote for the motion of his hon . friend . said , that he meant to move to-morrow s'ennight , in a committee of ways and means , the balance due from the public to the company . stated , that he had agreed with the majority of the committee , that it was best to defer presenting the Exposition , till they reported on the subject to which it chiefly related : erroneous speculations might be formed upon that document , both in and out of the house , if it should be laid on the table without the observations of the committee . said , that this was a good answer as far as the committee was concerned . But the question for the house to consider was , whether they were to vote a grant of money to the Company without having an opportunity of examining this exposition of their affairs ? observed , that at all events the motion was premature , as the report was not printed , and the house could not know what was proposed in it . If nothing should appear in that report but that we should pay our debts , the paper would not be necessary with a view to that question . This , therefore , was not the time for the house to decide whether the committee had done wrong or not in withholding that paper for the present . understood , that the president of the board of controul intended to propose in the first place , no more than the payment of what were called our debts . In that case the production of the paper would not be so necessary . But yet the Report proposed , that a large sum over and above those debts should be granted to the company . At all events , it was proper , that the house should have every information on the subject as soon as possible ; and as there could be no real objection to the