him to be incidentally or collaterally the subject of charge , when the merits of a charge against government were made to depend upon his merits or demerits . This was more particularly the case when the accusation was founded , in part , upon letter which had been that night first read to the house . It was not strictly correct to call the grant in this case a misapplication of public money ; it , was the king 's money ; though he would not say that the house might not inquire into any improvident appropriation of such a fund . The grant was not a donation or a reward , but a remission of a forfeiture , and there had been many cases in which that house complained of the rigid enforcement of forfeitures . The exercise of justice with mercy , the prerogative of pardon , or remission of forfeiture , was one of the brightest jewels in the power of the crown , and which that house would be least disposed to interfere with.—Such was the character of the act : next was to be considered the character of the forfeiture . The Etrusco , on her return from Canton , had been detained and adjudged forfeit to the crown in the prize court , for a violation of the monopoly of the East India company . This had been the first case of the kind which had occurred ; for , according to the laws respecting the East India company , the forfeitures are to that company and not the crown . And if ever there had been a case in which liberality should have been exercised with respect to the forfeiture , it was this . As judges , the house ought to take into its consideration what had been , at the time of this transaction , the state of the East India company . From the increase of their territory , they invited foreigners to engage in their trade , and even connived at British subjects embarking in it . The hon . officer who was the subject of this charge had been engaged in the trade in common with other British subjects and officers , and recognised as a British officer by the company 's government in India , in the recommendation to the court of directors to apply for promotion for him to the admiralty , in consequence of his services . As to the charge of smuggling , it had never been urged in the whole progress of the cause by any of the advocates , nor even in capt . Robinson 's memorial ; the former had too much taste , and the latter was too much of a gentleman , to apply such a disgusting term to the cir- 757 cumstance of lour or five out of 3900 chests of tea being delivered out of the ship at Dungeness , whilst the captain had gone on shore . He contended that by the loss of 30,000l . sir Home Popham had suffered suffered punishment for the illegality of the transaction . His whole property in the vessel amounted to 63,000l . the government would give him back but 25,000l . and had restored to him but 18 or 19,000l . ; so that he was a loser to the amount of 43,000l . Besides , it ought to be considered how far he had expiated , by subsequent services , this offence . The India company , insensible of any injury , had not prosecuted him ; and though the public might be interested in this question , it appeared by the papers , that he had , on the relief of Tournay and Ghent , contributed to save much public property , as also to facilitate the retreat of the army . In consequence of these services he had been recommended by the commander in chief for promotion , to lord Spencer , who had expressed his satisfaction at promoting an officer that had performed such service to this country . Looking to such services , he was sure the house would not think of