formidable by encouraging the growth of whiskers . If the house should feel willing to accede to the principle of this measure , and to rest its hopes upon a tumultuary force , or upon the refuse of an army , let it at least profit by the experience which the fate of other countries must have afforded . If the country was to employ and pay for dirt , for God 's sake let it be English dirt . Let it employ its stout athletic colliers and coal-heavers . Let it pay its aspiring chimneysweepers for their exertions . They could in their own way annoy the enemy ; and when pursued , could climb the trees with the facility of squirrels . But the noble lord was friendly to the bustle of the thing . He liked to see men marching out of this village in order to be drilled in the contiguous one . He conceived the public would be struck with its efficacy and execution , for the noble lord might be assured that it would take great effect . The number of the undone would be considerable , and at least amongst the poor persons ruined by its operation , he would be enabled to furnish a large Gazette of killed and wounded . He concluded by observing , that the arguments of the noble lord accorded with the arguments of the vulgar , that what was most expensive was best : it reminded him of the story of the countryman who came to town to have his tooth drawn , who , astonished at the little pain with which the operation was performed , refused paying the operator half-a-guinea , saying , that in the country he could have the job done for half-a-crown , and be dragged round the room into the bargain . expressed his disapprobation of the measure , both as oppressive and unconstitutional . The bill united in itself all opposite defects . It was at once oppressive and ineffectual ; harrassing to the subject , and at the same time completely impotent as a measure of national defence . It ought rather to be called a 854 bill of pains and penalties , than a bill for the defence of the country , as it contained no less than eleven penalties , without counting those which might have been annexed to the clause brought up by the noble lord this evening . He did not think that we ought to trust for our defence to a standing army alone , after having seen it fail in so many instances in other countries . But we ought to look at the internal condition of the people , upon which the existing taxes already bore too heavily , and which would certainly be rendered much worse in consequence of the oppressive enactments of the present bill . He professed himself to be a great enemy to the practice of flogging , as detrimental even to the service itself ; and in this opinion he was supported by the rule of the French armies , where this practice was wholly exploded . The noble lord seemed to act on the principle of 'evil , be thou my good ; ' he had altered the system of the right hon . gent . on this side ( Mr. Windham ) , which must in its natural tendency have considerably added to the eligibility of the situation of a soldier 's life ; and he now proposed to pervert the character and habits of the British people at large . If such a system was to be carried into execution , if the poisoned cup was to be coolly administered to the lips of Englishmen , it was fit that it should be furnished by the self-same person that had viewed with coldness the scenes which had been witnessed in Ireland . A delicate word : might sometimes be used to express a cruel or a barbarous action , and in this ; light , the delicate term 'discipline ' might be used to convey an idea of lacerating men 's backs ; of