who proposed it . The manner in which the subject was discussed , the statements which its agitation produced , and the impression which has been made upon the public mind , must lead to the most extensive and beneficial consequences . I am confident that the happy influence of that discussion will extend itself to this place , and that we shall all emulate that temper and moderation , that patriotism and wisdom , which are at this hour the theme of every tongue . Those certainly who see no other safety to their country but in conciliation and union , will be peculiarly careful so to speak and act on this memorable occasion , as it becomes men pursuing such a purpose . To myself I trust no fresh incitement was wanting for this determination . Three years ago , the temperate and conciliatory manner in which I then brought before you the same question , was acknowledged even by its warmest opponents . Such was the conduct which I then felt due , not only to my own character and to that of the petitioners , but also to the dignity of the great cause which they had entrusted to me . How much more is it now due to those flattering hopes of approaching success which animate all my exertions , and brighten all the prospects of my country ! No sentiment , no word shall fall from me that can impede the happy progress of conciliation : nothing that can revive the memory of past animosities , or inflame 645 those passions which we have , I trust , already consigned to eternal oblivion . There are , I know , among the warmest friends of conciliation , some who disapproved the choice which the petitioners have made of the time at which they come before you . Charged with presenting their Petition , I deemed it improper then to express any opinion on this point . They were the fittest judges of their own interests ; and in laying their grievances before you at their own season , they exercised the undoubted right of British subjects . In the first session of the present parliament , I had , in stating to this house the general situation and prospects of the empire , pointed out to the new ministers , as their most urgent duty , the conciliation of the great mass of the people of Ireland . But I added , that while I recommended to the government to meet , and even to anticipate , the reasonable wishes of that body , I wished , on the other hand , to impress upon the Catholics themselves the patriotism and the wisdom of forbearance . This counsel I felt justified in offering as a tried and zealous , though hitherto unsuccessful , advocate of their cause . Of their intention to apply to you in the present session I was not informed until the resolution was adopted ; had I been consulted I might probably have thought it for their interest to discourage it : the event has shewn how greatly I should have been mistaken . Yet even then I should have felt some difficulty in determining for others a question of such importance to their interests , and so much depending on local circumstances . Ever since the Union , the best and wisest men of that persuasion have laboured indefatigably to fix the attention of their fellow-subjects steadily on parliament , as the legitimate source of every political benefit , the centre of light and genial warmth which cheers and vivifies the empire . The maintenance of this sentiment is of the highest importance to the public welfare . This it is that requires the frequent renewal of these applications to the united legislature . It is the object of our enemies to drive the Catholic to despair . The endeavour of our friends must be to encourage , by frequent manifestations of the growing dispositions of this country , his just confidence of ultimate and approaching success . Many new circumstances had also arisen to influence this question .