Turton ) he is described as having exerted all the influence of government 1030 to bear down and overpower a meritorious individual , and , by surprise , to strangle a claim confirmed by no less than five separate Resolutions of the house . By the other ( Mr. G. Johnstone ) he is charged with a want of firmness and decision , in not refusing , in the first instance , the king 's consent to Mr. Palmer 's application . Both his friends have aptly characterized his conduct on the present occasion . If he really thought the vote of the house in 1797 had equitably and finally decided on the merits of Mr. Palmer 's case , it was his duty , and he ought to have had firmness enough to discharge it , not to have allowed his majesty 's sanction to be given to any renewed discussion of the question ; and , on the other hand , after having seen Mr. Palmer 's Claim , when again brought forward , recognized and solemnly confirmed as a debt of justice , by five distinct votes of the house , the expedient he now has recourse to , to defeat our determinations , exposes him , and most justly , to the severe and unqualified censures heaped upon him by his hon . friend , the worthy baronet behind the treasury bench . It is , indeed , a dark and unworthy attempt , to endeavour , by the weight of government and by a secret manœuvre at the end of the session , and in the absence of those who have long since left town under the natural impression that Mr. Palmer 's Claim was definitively carried , to frustrate the wishes , and substantially to discredit the Resolutions of the house of commons , which when the attendance of members was full , and the subject fairly before us , the right hon . gentleman could neither resist nor set aside . I must presume he means to give the house a warning of what it is to out-vote a chancellor of the exchequer , and to convince us , that such a proceeding is not to be had with impunity . His pride has been offended , and parliament is to pay the forfeit . That he should have felt mortified , I can not doubt , for I believe no other chancellor of the exchequer was ever five times in a minority on a grant of public money ; and the reason is obvious , namely , that his majesty never , till now , gave us a chancellor of the exchequer who had not the prudence to abstain from proposing that which was not likely to succeed , or the wit to take an early hint and retreat white he could do it without disgrace.—The question is , Whether a vote in the Committee of Supply of a grant of money for the payment of a debt declared to be due to an individual , should form an item in the 1031 Appropriation act , or be made the subject of a separate bill . The object of the mode proposed by the right hon . gentleman , viz . a separate bill , is to give the lords an opportunity to defeat the grant , without that degree of public inconvenience which would result , if , being sent up to them in the Appropriation Act , they were , by way of amendment , to leave it out ; the consequence of which must be , either a total stop to the supplies of the year , or an immediate prorogation and a new session.— The right hon . gent . endeavours to defend his measure by precedents , and a curious collection he has produced . Here Mr. Tierney recapitulated and commented upon all the precedents which had been cited , in order to shew , that only one of them in any degree applied to the case in hand . That was a vote of 1,200l . in 1781 to a Dr. Smith , for his care