, but I will ask the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) Whether that vote may not be suspected to be the result of a mean , personal , time-serving policy ? In the vote which I am about to give , 594 I feel , at least , that I am not actuated by any base motive , and upon that score can I submit myself with pride to the judgment of the nation . Well and truly has it been said , that there was no time at which the question should be allowed to be dormant . Yet we are told these claims have been finally rejected . Can the word 'final ' be applied to a subject which must be necessarily viewed in a different light every day ? Have there been no fluctuations in the public mind ? Have no events connected with it disturbed the peace and impaired the resources of the country ? Doe 's nothing depend on the progressive conviction of those very Protestants who have the best means of observing , and the deepest interest in adopting , the course which true policy dictates ; who now demand for their Catholic brethren a participation in the privileges of the constitution under which they live , and for which they fight ? If they on the spot have seen reason to change their opinions , why may not those on this side of the water also change theirs ? But , the noble lord has thought proper to descant on the deplorable state of Europe . I shall refer to it also . Look to the continent ; to France , to Germany ; to Spain . See there , ye friends of toleration ! what the power of the Pope has done ! See there the dynasties which the omnipotence of the Vatican has founded ! It is doubtless under the bulls of Rome that the German empire has fallen prostrate , and mouldered in the dust of its foundation ; it is by some strange caprice and ungrateful cruelty to her , that his most faithful majesty the king of Portugal is driven into exile , to make room for more pious and obedient votaries of the Papal See ! Oh ! introduce not this all-subduing despotism into Ireland . Alas , sir , is the humbled , sinewless , defenceless Pope , to be set up in these days as a bugbear , by which enlightened men are to be deterred from allowing to Catholics the privileges of freemen ? But even that pretence is taken away . The Irish Catholics renounce the temporary supremacy of the Pope ; they renounce , and that by your own admission , and in your own words , all that you state to be the subject of alarm . 'Ireland is prejudiced , ' you say ; and who are you to thank for it ? Is it owing to the character of the people , or to your system that prejudices , relaxed in other countries , are there , and there alone , deeply and inveterately rooted ? But when ministers hear that Ire- 595 land is not satisfied , and hear also that projects of relief and conciliation are in progress , is it wise , or just , or politic , to deny and to insult them ? But I can not separate the consideration of this proposition from the plans of those who oppose it . They propose to deny education and instruction to the Catholics while they remain such , and expose the mass of them to ignorance , to purchase the conversion of a few . This alone would be sufficient to determine my vote . But let them remember that a dreadful crisis is approaching . Every attempt at conversion by persecution has been made in vain . If Ireland has been in a state of progressive improvement and loyalty from a few conciliating acts ; if her people have gradually become better subjects , why , do you imagine more indulgence will incline them to forget the oath you have