it is urged you give them a physical force . Such sort of reasoning would apply , if speaking of Turks or Pagans , but is it the language which we ought to use when speaking of our fellow Christians ? of our fellow subjects ? A Catholic then , according to those reasons , generally speaking , is an execrable Pagan , because he obtains some of his privileges , and then has the temerity to ask for the remainder . Now let me consider the objections with regard to Ireland . It has been asserted that the Irish Catholics are hostile to the state , and that their hostility extends to those who profess the Protestant religion—That hostility certainly can not apply to Ireland : for do you not suppose the Irish Protestants would be actuated by the same hostility ? It is not solely to Catholics that the imputation lies , for if so , the English Catholics must be equally culpable . The charge , if there is any truth 562 in it , applies neither to the Irish character nor to the principles of Catholics ; but it applies to the law ; the defects of which are too evident to need any further comment from me . Gentlemen will therefore take into their consideration the great and dangerous mischief resulting from these detective laws ; they will estimate , properly , the material causes of their defects , and the consequences of them , and they will then find the result to be , that they engender in the bosom of the state , sentiments of hatred and hostility . I am , however , ready to admit , that certain stings may have been left behind by the long continuance of those penal laws , which ground the people , and the operation of which may still continue to harass and to perplex . It is in vain for you , then , to stigmatize my countrymen as a perverse and obstinate set of men , whom no measures of mildness and conciliation can soften . Let it not be said that their perverse and recreant spirits are not to be reconciled . If you still say so , you declare that man has done every thing to bring them to a sense of duty , but that the Deity has made them incorrigible . You charge them with crimes which they do not merit , and you forget that the roots of those crimes find their existence in the abominable code of penal laws , with which you have loaded my country . Why , then , do you not remove this great and crying evil ? You have the remedy in your hands ; repeal these laws and then you remove the crime . It was well observed by a noble and learned lord ( Avonmore ) , when the test act was repealed , that the penal code had long been hovering over Ireland . The penalties inflicted by that code , received the Catholic at his birth ! they stood by him at his bridal bed ! and they did not leave him at rest , even in his coffin ! It is true that part of these penalties have been removed , but there still remain many heavy ones , which I think the wisdom of the united parliament would do well to remove altogether . The people of Ireland have been told that there were many narrow spirits in their parliament ; and certainly there were some who always wished to counteract any beneficial measure in favour of the Catholic subject ; but they have also been told that an imperial parliament will legislate upon liberal , humane and enlightened principles ; such was the promise held out to the people antecedent to the union—that promise I now call upon you to fulfil . If you do not , you break faith with the 563 people of Ireland , and you will do more ; you will not only injure the interests of your empire , but you may ultimately endanger its security.—I will now proceed to