and , by his silence , seem to give a tacit acquiescence in the propriety of the proposition . He thought it his duty , therefore , to say , that from what he had heard , he was by no means impressed with a favourable opinion of the bill proposed to be introduced . It was to his mind a grievous consideration , that after a verdict of acquittal by a jury of his country , it should be possible to tell any man that he was not honourably acquitted , but that an imputation of guilt still attached to him . What a grievous responsibility must , in this case , attach to the judge , who was , after a verdict of acquittal by the jury , to determine whether that acquittal was honourable or not . If this doctrine was to be sanctioned , in his opinion it was contrary to all the old established principles of the constitution of this country , and as such could not meet with his approbation.—Leave was then given to bring in the bill . then again rose . He was sorry that he had been so much misunderstood by the hon . baronet , who seemed to conceive that , in the motion which he was about to submit to the house , any thing was included but the general question , whether persons accused , tried , and acquitted , should or should not be entitled to compensation for the injury which they sustained . The mode of deciding to whom this compensation should be awarded , or whether it should be given to all indiscriminately ( which he should prefer to withholding it from all ) would be open for discussion when the bill was brought in . He moved for leave to bring in a bill to provide in certain cases compensation to persons tried and acquitted in a criminal court , for the damages sustained by them , in consequence of having been detained in custody and brought to trial . repeated , that in the view which he had of the subject , the evil would preponderate over the good . If the judge refused to give compensation , it would be indicative of the unfavourable opinion which he entertained of the innocence of the person by whom it was demanded ; and he would thus be placed in a very invidious situation . Besides , suppose a person were acquitted on an error in the indictment before the merits of his 403 case were investigated , how could the judge then decide on a claim of compensation ? As a novelty , this proposition ought to be watched with jealousy . It appeared to him to be impossible to execute it , without much mischief . If the compensation were to be made out of the county rate , it might prove a great discouragement to prosecutions , or in the event of a trial , that circumstance might operate on some minds against the accused . He should vote against the bringing in of the bill . declared his surprise that his hon . and learned friend should resist the introduction of a bill , of the provisions of which he must necessarily be ignorant . With respect to the proposition being a novelty , it was to be regretted that there had not been more novelties of a similar description . said a few words , in the course of which he expressed a wish , that his hon . and learned friend would withdraw his opposition to the introduction of the bill . General acquiesced . entered his protest against being thought favourable to the principle of the bill , because he did not oppose its introduction . approved of the measure . would certainly not oppose the bringing in of the bill . also declared that he would not resist the introduction of the bill , although he wished that the hon . and learned baronet had stated more fully the grounds on which he proposed it , and the provisions which he meant that it should comprise .