mischief in the discussion , was it unreasonable that they should be willing to avoid the debate ? Was that course of proceeding new to the hon . gentlemen opposite ? Had they forgot , that when they themselves were in power and with the fair influence of government attempted to carry a measure somewhat connected with this subject , they did every thing in their power to prevent the agitation of this general question which they now thought it impossible to defer a year , or a month , without infinite danger to the country ? If it was not the mischief of an unsuccessful agitation of the question that they deprecated , what other motive could they have except that of the meanest temporary and personal interest ? If they would say that by considerations of fair and statesmanlike prudence they were induced to put off the discussion , then he should be glad to know what there was now in the state of Europe to render it a more proper period for agitating the question ? Though he sought with the same anxiety as the hon . gentlemen opposite , no such favourable circumstances occurred to him.—He would now state why it was desirable to bring this question to as speedy a decision as possible . It was impossible not to agree with the right hon . mover , when he represented how desirable it would be in the present state of the world to put an end to civil dissension , and to establish perfect harmony and concord between all parties . But it was fair , at the same time , to consider the practicability of the good that was proposed ; and admitting the advantages 574 that would flow from the establishment of unanimity at all times , to question whether that unanimity could in fact be attained However desirable it was , that persons professing Christianity should be all unanimous , it was a melancholy truth to which the history of all times bore testimony , that dissensions always existed , and that the greater pains were taken to reconcile them , the wider the breach became . He concurred in the wish to extinguish religious animosities , he wished they had never existed , but he could not shut his eyes to the evidence of facts , so as to indulge in the hope of a consummation so devoutly to be wished . It was not in the power even of speeches so wise , so eloquent , and so good , as that of the right hon . gent . to obtain this victory over the passions and prejudices of men . The attempt must be abortive . Thus , what in reflection was matter of justice , was to be deprecated in discussion , as likely to afford no good practical result . He wished the right hon . gent , had confined what he had to say to the last branch of his speech . If the result of the debate should not be favourable to the proposition of referring the petition to the committee , it was at least desirable that nothing should pass in the debate that could tend to inflame those animosities which every one must be anxious to see extinguished . The right hon . gent . must concur with him in thinking , that the line of conduct he pointed out , viz . an interchange of good offices , and the practice of mutual conciliation , would do more , in the first instance , to remove animosities , than any motion that could be brought forward in this house . Such instruction , enforced by the weight of the right hon . gent . 's example , must be productive of the greatest practical good . The grounds on which the right hon . gent , called for a committee were precisely the same that were urged without success on a former occasion , and they had received no addition of strength since . He could not look back to the recent decision on this point , the right hon . gent