not but think it a measure of wise and prudent precaution to prevent the unnecessary consumption of the produce of our own soil , and , by a well-timed restriction , to guard against an evil of so great magnitude as must result from the failure of the usual means of supply ; and therefore praying , that the house may proceed in the proposed measure to suspend the use of grain in the distilleries of the united kingdom , for such period , and under such restrictions , as to the house shall seem most proper and expedient '' —The said Petitions were severally read and ordered to lie upon the table . presented to the house , pursuant to their 395 order , a Copy of the Minutes of the Evidence taken before the Committee in the last session of parliament , to whom the Petition of John Palmer , of the city of Bath , esq . was referred.—The same hon . gent , then moved , `` That there be laid before the house , an Account of the per centage due to Mr. Palmer on the Nett Revenue of the Post Office beyond 240,000l . from the 5th of April 1793 to the 5th of Jan. 1808 , deducting the produce arising from increased postage and restriction in franking , and also the sum of 3,000l . a year , received during that period . '' objected to the word `` due '' in the motion . informed the hon . baronet that the house had declared it `` was due . '' rose to make the motion of which he had given notice , for some amendments of the Criminal Law . He was aware that from part of the public , and particularly that part of it whose opinion might be supposed to have most influence upon his conduct , a person who had such amendments to propose could hardly expect praise , but must consider it enough if he meets with excuse . His apology must be , that he had not taken up the matter lightly or on a sudden ; that the subject which he presumed to bring before the house , was one which had occupied his thoughts for many years of his life . He had long ago promised himself , that if ever he should have the honour of a seat in this house , he would bring forward some measures for reforming the criminal law ; and recollecting this , he could not but feel that he ought rather to apologise for having delayed the proposal so long , than for bringing it forward now.—In the criminal law of this country , he had always considered it as a very great defect , that capital punishments were so frequent ; and were appointed , he could not say inflicted , for so many crimes . No principle could be more clear , than that it is the certainty , much more than the severity of punishments , which renders them efficacious . This had been acknowledged ever since the publication of the works of the marquis Beccaria ; and he had heard , he could not himself remember it , that upon the first appearance of that Work it produced a very great effect in this country . The impression , however , had hitherto proved unavailing ; for it has not in this country , in a single instance , produced any alteration of the criminal law ; although in some other states of 396 Europe such alterations have been made . Indeed , if one were to take the very reverse of the principle , that would be a faithful description of the criminal law of England ; in which punishments are most severe , and most uncertain in their application . It is notorious , how few of those who are condemned , actually suffer punishment . From returns which are to be found in the Secretary of State 's office , it appears , that in the year 1805 there were 350 persons who received sentence of death , and of whom