there limping upon crutches , and begging alms of them in the name of that house . It was his wish that they should continue to express their sentiments , not captiously , or in a vexatious manner , but boldly , manfully , and constitutionally , as they were warranted in supporting the consistency of that house ; that they should go hand in hand with the wishes of the country ; and if this mode of proceeding should be found to fail , that an humble Address should be presented to the throne , where they would be sure of obtaining success ; where no dark intrigue or unconstitutional influence could intervene . Where places were useful , they ought to be granted in possession only , because then the possessor and his capacity were known ; whereas , if a useful place was granted in reversion , an idiot might rise from his cradle to inherit the office , or the places might revert , as was lately mentioned by a worthy baronet ( sir J. Newport ) from the son to the father , and the reversion be delayed so long that the father would be incapacitated by age to perform the duties of the office . Gentlemen could hardly mean to urge that useful places ought to be kept in reserve , in order that they might be filled by fools or dotards . On the other hand , where the place was unnecessary , no patriotic man , no man in his senses , in fact , would 25 advise that the country , in a time of extraordinary pressure , ought to be deprived of the opportunity of being relieved from that pressure by the abolition of such useless places . In common policy , therefore , the reversion ought to be put an end to in all cases . If the prerogative of the reigning king was even to be in some degree prevented from anticipating the resources of the royal estate , it was to be recollected that the legislature at all times owed a duty to whoever might he the successor to the throne—that they should see that the estate was not mortgaged , and its resources anticipated . Rather than that any compromise should take place , he should wish for the honour of that house that it should stand upon their Journals that they were consistent in their recognition of this principle of economy . If the bill should afterwards be lost elsewhere , the public might then have an opportunity of judging which branch of the legislature was best entitled to their confidence . opposed the amendment of the noble lord in toto . It had by no means been yet proved that the practice of granting offices in reversion was injurious to the country , and it appeared to him to be at least a very questionable assertion to contend that it was so.—He maintained that the language lately used in parliament was calculated to intimidate and dispirit the people from bearing up against the storms with which we were now threatened . Nay , it was calculated to exasperate them against ministers and their sovereign . These were times of uncommon difficulty and danger , and therefore the king 's prerogative ought to be strengthened , instead of being curtailed ; that his majesty might meet the common danger with increased energy . These were not times in which to harass ministers with frivolous and nugatory debates . combated the arguments of the learned gentleman ( Mr. Stephens ) , who having rebuked others for the temper shewn by them in this debate , had himself exhibited more of what was peculiarly denominated temper , than he had often witnessed in that house . Indeed , the whole speech of the learned gentleman seemed to have proceeded from it , consisting chiefly of reflections cast upon persons no longer in office , and its whole scope and tendency seemed to have that in view , rather than the question , or any of those important considerations na- 26 turally suggested by it . To this