be made ? But what became of all this argument , when the fact was , that Azeem ul Dowlah was put on the musnud over the son of a person who was actually proved to be an enemy to the British interests ? The noble lord shewed the grossest ignorance of the papers ; for the very correspondence he referred to was carried on with the consent of the government of Madras . As to the cypher , he appealed to the hon . baronet who had been chief justice in India , and would ask , if he would suffer a man to be convicted on such evidence [ sir John Anstruther signified that he would not ] , he was happy to hear his hon . friend say he would not . Yet it was on such evidence , that an innocent young prince was deprived of his throne , and placed in a situation in which he lost his life . Mr. Sheridan then read some correspondence , in order to shew that the British government in India considered it as likely to be favourable to 936 their interests , to have an intimate correspondence and connection carried on between the house of Arcot and the Mysore . It was attempted to justify this transaction , on the ground of state necessity . But this act of injustice and robbery could not be an act resulting from state necessity , because there existed no necessity for it , or at least none had been shewn , to influence their decision . The right hon . gent . next read some papers , to shew the steady attachment of the nabob to the English ; and he defied any governor to say , that there existed the slightest proof of the hostility of the father or the son , except what was extracted from the trash found at Seringapatam . The arguments that had been used to prove that the nabob was considered as a vassal to the India company , were as unjust as they were unfounded . The important documents on the table put that question out of all doubt , for it would appear by an address actually signed by his majesty , countersigned by lord Cornwallis , and addressed to the nabob , dated the 13th of May , 1790 , that he was considered not only as an independent sovereign , but actually called the faithful ally and friend ' of the British government in India . Here the right hon . gent , read a long extract from the address alluded to , from which it likewise appeared that the very first acre of ground the English became possessed of round Madras , was acquired through the friendship of the nabob of Arcot ; yet he argued , after such an unqualified declaration under his majesty 's own hand , of the independency of this prince , such degrading language was to be held out ! Was it to be endured for one single moment , that the rights and laws of nations were to be thus trampled upon with impunity , merely upon the alleged policy of the measure ? From a very patient perusal of the very important documents on the table , they established this proposition in his mind , that there was no ground whatever for any suspicion of the faithfulness of the nabob of Arcot and his son towards the British government . There was one part of this question which he could not but consider as a great dereliction of principle in the noble marquis . It was said that he took every possible care for the protection of Ally Hussein , the deposed nabob . Could it be thought for a moment , that the deposed nabob would be safe in the hands of a man who threatened him with instant death if he ever attempted to regain the 937 throne of his father ? From these circumstances he concluded , that the young nabob was not safe in those hands . He did not feel disposed even to enter into all the motives