so ; but how often , I say , has it been said in these discussions , 'you will kindle a rage in the breasts of the negroes , and if you should succeed in your object of the Abolition of the African Slave Trade , which we trust in God you will not , but if you should succeed in your object , there will be a general massacre in the islands ; for the negroes will be content with nothing short of total emancipation—such will be the result of your humanity . '—We now see how senseless all that species of reasoning was ; if indeed reasoning it can be called . The administration , however , in whose time that glorious measure of the Abolition of the Slave Trade was accomplished , by a virtuous perseverance in their object , gained their end . They were faithful to the cause which they espoused , nor did they remit their labours until they had finished the great and good work . But the hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Wilberforce , ) who took so leading a part in that abolition , can now see , in that administration , nothing but party spirit ! Thus , the very men who were allowed to be perfectly consistent in their support of him in the Abolition of the Slave Trade , and allowed to have genuine feelings of humanity towards the African negroes as their fellow creatures , if they presume to express a fellow feeling for their fellow creatures in Ireland , are now to be charged by him with agitating a dangerous question upon party spirit.— [ Hear ! hear ! ] —If that hon . gent , does not say so , all I can say is , that I am in a dream . He will give me leave to say , t firmly believe that what he did on that occasion was from the pure spirit of doing good to a large portion of the human race , and at the same time to do a great good to his country . The right hon . gent , who has moved this measure in this house to-night , did it from the same motive , and if I support that motion , from what , the hon . gent , may choose to call party spirit , what then ? if it be , as I think it is , of advantage to the empire . I think it essential to the general interest of the empire that the Catholics should know there is , in this house , a party that has not deserted their cause , and that there is no recriminating or furious spirit 629 on this side the house that is hostile to their interest , by provoking an intemperate discussion of their claims , and furnishing their opponents with an excuse for denying to do them justice ; for in that respect my right hon . friend who brought this subject forward to-night , set an example worthy the imitation of any gentlemen who may choose to take part in this debate ; and as to the mode proposed for future proceeding , I own I differ entirely from the right hon . gent . who spoke last , and who has so strenuously objected to this measure , for , by this mode , no fetters will be fastened on the future discretion of the house as to what shall be its ulterior proceeding . Should the house go into a committee , it is perfectly obvious , that it must be open to every member of that committee , to propose whatever he may think fit . I think it essential that the Catholics of Ireland should know there is in this house a considerable body of persons seriously attached to their interests , and bent upon pursuing such interests with temperance and moderation , and at the same time with persevering firmness . But the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer says , that when the late administration were in power , they