lord opposite for an explanation on that subject ; and in his own emphatic language had asked the noble lord , whether our fortifications were in such a state , that if Buonaparte were to see them he would pull off his hat to them with respect ? The noble lord had replied that the fortifications of the coast were in some places complete , and in others advancing to completion ; and also that the other military arrangements for the distribution of our force were of such a nature that every person might lay his head upon his pillow , and sleep in security.—He would trouble the house with a few words on what had fallen from the right hon . gent . respecting the return of sir John Moore . Every body knew that a small risk ought to be run for a great object ; but although it might have been very advisable in the pursuit of some important object , to leave Sicily for a short time without an adequate defence , he confessed he could not divine why the force under sir John Moore did not return from Gibraltar to the defence of that island , instead of a fresh force being sent out from this country for that purpose . He had always been given to understand , that the return to England of sir John Moore , had been occasioned by a mistake which might happen to any administration ; but the right hon . gent . had claimed the blame for 1055 his maj. 's ministers , by declaring that the return of that gallant officer was in conformity to his instructions . In his opinion , a great risk had been incurred for a little object ; for certainly it was a great risk to leave Sicily undefended for such a length of time.—He was very happy to learn , that the commercial arrangements between Great Britain and Sweden were of so satisfactory a nature . He would take it for granted ( although the right hon . gent , had abstained from touching on this part of the subject ) , that it was intended to put the Orders in Council into full activity in this country . If so , and if facilities were to be given to their operation in Sweden , then on the commencement of the next session of parliament , the country would see , without the possibility of evasion , whether those Orders had been founded in wisdom , as asserted by his majesty 's ministers , or whether , as it was asserted by his side of the house , they were an instance of the grossest political absurdity that was ever committed . The question would be fairly at issue . Undoubtedly it was the wish of his friends , and of himself , that they might be mistaken upon it . replied to those observations of the hon . gent . which related to the affairs of the East India company . The hon . gent , had asked whether the account between his majesty 's government and the East India company had been brought to a final close ; and whether the sum that had been already voted was all that it was intended to propose on that subject ? Undoubtedly , in his apprehension , as far as related to the account of which the balance was struck , with the exception perhaps of some items , of which only a rough estimate had been given , for want of the necessary documents . But it should be observed , that the account between government and the East India company was an account current , and that if the balance were struck at a particular period , the account still going on , the result must necessarily alter . The hon . gent . supposed that the aids to the company would be sufficient to carry them on till the re-assembling of parliament . The fact was , that at the commencement of the present session , circumstances led him to suppose that the company would require further aid