highly disciplined state , preferable to any green force whatsoever . It was intended to put a stop to all insurances made with a view to the mitigation of fine attached to the refusal to do personal service ; and with this view a penalty would be imposed on the person having recourse to insurance , and the person with whom he might insured . The whole expence of the proposed force to the country would not exceed that of the volunteers at present , nor that which would be to be incurred under the Training bill of the right hon . gent . He had made comparative calculations , and had adjusted the bill , which the right hon . gent . might see . The right hon . gent . 's trained man would cost more than a volunteer or local militia man . The cost of this last was something less than 4l . He looked upon it that 400,000 rank and file in addition to the regular army and militia would do a great deal , but that was not the only means of increased defence that we possessed . There was the provisional increase of 50,000 , which would give us an army of 650,000 men , subject only to the reduction on the formation of a peace establishment , which reduction would never amount to 50,000 . Always keeping up that amount of regular and subsidiary force , it would be impossible for the enemy to bring against us any army capable of making an impression ; and with the trained population which this measure and the volunteer system would necessarily generate , we should have such means of supplying the waste of men , that the largest force the enemy could bring must perish in the un- 48 equal conflict . The amount of force alluded to , would be amply sufficient , and to train more would be only idle waste . An armed peasantry , though useful in other countries peculiarly circumstanced , could be of no use in this . It would be impossible to incorporate them with the regiments , if invasion should arise . Too extensive a training would be a useless and unprofitable burthen , tending to break the backs of the people , if the expression might be used . Having a regimented force of 400,000 , in addition to a regular army of 200,000 , which might ; if occasion required , be increased to 250,000 , parliament might rest content , and trust that the empire was secure . He should now move for leave to bring in the bill . He was glad gentlemen would have the interval of the recess to consider the provisions of it ; and in order to give them the greatest possible facility , he should move that the bill be printed . When they should re-assemble , and resume the consideration of this subject , he would receive with attention every suggestion gentlemen should offer , and endeavour as much as possible to profit by them . He moved for leave to bring in a bill to make better provision for the internal defence of the kingdom . expressed his approbation of the principal features of the plan which the noble lord had just submitted to the house . For himself , he had long been impressed with the necessity of placing the country in that state of military habits which would enable us to look without fear on any danger with which it might be threatened . The plan of a local and permanent militia , he considered as peculiarly suited to the genius of our constitution , and the manners of the people . In the present convulsed and disorganised state of Europe , no one could foresee what might happen . If ever there was a time when the country had occasion for a full array of the whole of its military population it was the present . He hoped at last we were come to the time when the house would lay down some solid , well-digested , and permanent plan of internal