, why , then , I perfectly agree with them , that the whole affair falls to the ground . Or , should they prove , from any thing contained in them , that the revenue falls short of the stated amount , in that case , I am willing to allow that Mr. Palmer should only be paid to the absolute extent of the advantages which have accrued ; and , as far as I understand , it is upon this principle he desires to be judged . But , upon what mode or system of calculation he is to be paid a yearly salary of 3,000l . and his agreement cancelled , I am really at a loss to determine . In fact , sir , the gentlemen opposite seem to be puzzled themselves , in respect to this affair , and shift their position so frequently in the course of the argument , that it is rather difficult to know upon what ground they wish to tight the question ; first , it is an Agreement ; now , it is not an Agreement ; then , we are told of the difficulties of the times , and the necessity of a rigid economy . Sir , I am most sensibly alive to the misery of the times , and no one , I believe , can more feelingly deplore them ; but I am so thoroughly convinced of the justice and equity of Mr. Palmer 's Claims , and so perfectly aware of the general feeling of the country towards them , that if the gentlemen on the Treasury bench will but do justice to the individual , I am content they should throw upon my shoulders the whole blame of the transaction , and hold me out to the people as the extravagant spendthrift of the public revenue.—Sir , one argument ( if it may be so termed ) brought forward by the Chancellor of the Exchequer seems to me to be the most absurd assertion I ever heard of . The right hon . gent , attempted to persuade the house , that the 2½ per cent . 242 as well as the 1,500l . a year , were both intended and given as a salary incidental to the office of Comptroller of the Post Office , and that both those remunerations should cease with the functions of the office . Now if that were the case , how happens it , that every officer who has been appointed subsequent to Mr. Palmer 's dismissal , and has had exactly the same duties to perform—how happens it , I say , that he has not had the same salary ? Why , it is evident , because no other officer ever did the services out of office which Mr. Palmer did ; no other officer ever added millions to the revenue of the country . Why , then , it is indisputable , that this allowance was granted to Mr. Palmer as a remuneration for having given to the public a Plan replete with every advantage of profit and convenience . observed , that the mode of attack adopted by the opposition members that night appeared to him quite of a novel complexion ; for he believed that this was the first occasion upon which gentlemen sitting upon the treasury bench had been reproached for a too scrupulous regard of the public money , and held out to the nation as over-cautious misers of the enormous trust reposed in their discretion : and he could not avoid remarking as something additionally extraordinary , that the present advocates for a profuse generosity , were the very persons who were clamouring in every man 's ears against the increasing hardships of the times , and the necessity of a reduced expenditure . The two parties seemed completely to have shifted their ground while arguing the present case ; for now ministers were violently blamed , merely because they followed these prudential maxims so long recommended by their adversaries . Whatever might be the event of the present question , he must assert , that his right