He went out of place , because he found he could not procure for the Catholics what he thought they were well entitled to ; but , when out of office , he never embarrassed the government by agitating the question . The principles of the gentlemen opposite , on the other hand , led them to agitate and support the question to the extreme , when out of power ; and to compromise and abandon it when in power , not with any view to the safety of the country , but for the safety of their own offices . If those gentlemen wish to shew that they are desirous of defending the country against her enemies , let them not bring forward a question , the agitation of which can have only the effect of increasing the number of her enemies . In their former attempts to bring on this question , they had failed . And when they came into office , they chose to avoid the main question , and to resort to the contemptible subterfuge of 590 satisfying the Catholics by making some small and unimportant concessions . So urgent did the gentlemen opposite think the measure at the time , that they said the delay even of a few days would be dangerous , and an insult to the Catholics . But it so happened that , in a few days , notwithstanding the danger of delay , they did not hesitate entirely to abandon it , and , for reasons well known to themselves , put the bantling in their pockets . During the administration of the duke of Bedford in Ireland , the constant cry to the Catholics was : 'This is not a fit time to forward your wishes ; direct all your force against the enemy only ; do not now press your claims ; you are premature , and will only incense . ' Yet after such language , and some hopes held out when the Catholic claims were pressed upon the late ministry , what was their conduct ? Why , they deserted their opposition principles altogether , and even abandoned their own contemptible little bill , which they had patched up in their support ! It was strange , too , that such disinterested patriots should have abandoned it for so insignificant an object as the retention of their places ! Now , what was the course of my honourable friends , always acting upon steady and consistent principles . Our conduct , as I have said , was directly the reverse of this . We wished when in office to favour the claims of the Catholics ; when out of office , we abstained from agitating a question , which could not be agitated without prejudice to the public interest . With respect to any promises that were said to have been made by Mr. Pitt or myself , I deny that , during the discussion of the question of union , there were any , which could fetter the judgment of government , or of the parliament . No promise whatever of the nature of a pledge had been given ; and never was there a legislature less fettered , than the legislature of that day , respecting the Catholics . No idea was even held out that the Catholics could found a claim in any principle of right . It was stated to be a question of policy , but no question or claim of right . And the only consideration in discussing the subject , was , whether most danger would arise from granting , or from denying certain indulgences to the Catholics . We always deprecated the idea of pressing these claims on any ground of right ; and gave notice that we should oppose any application of that kind . The discussions that this question 591 has undergone have rendered its success more improbable . Government have regularly resisted it . There was not constitutional ground upon which these claims could stand . No new arguments could be urged in their favour . The Catholics had even promised not to bring