leave this circumstance out of the charge that he meant to bring forward . The charge , limited as it was , he did not bring forward upon trivial or light grounds . It was important that its merits should be fairly and fully investigated , both for the interests of the public service and for the honour of the admiralty . When the gentlemen belonging to this department of government talked of a squadron being victualled for two or three months , if they meant any thing at all , they must mean that the squadron was in a state capable of serving all the purposes to which it might be , called . When a squadron was employed in a blockading service , it was necessary , not only that it should be in a condition to keep its station , but as its utmost vigilance did not at all times suffice to prevent the enemy 's fleet from putting to sea , it ought also to be in a condition to follow the enemy wherever he went . The circumstance of lord Gardner , whose zeal and attention to the service merited every praise , having , so early as the 30th of Oct. detached the Conqueror from the Brest fleet , to relieve one of sir R. Strachan 's squadron , was a confirmation of the principle he had now laid down . Had the Conqueror gained the Rochfort squadron , it would have relieved the Impetueux , which had been 4 months at sea ; but the Conqueror never reached the blockading squadron , and lord Gardner 's intention was so far frustrated . Notwithstanding this information , however , which the admiralty had received from lord Gardner , of the necessity , or at least of the propriety , of sending some relief to this squadron , so early as the 30th of Oct. ( though it appeared that on the 11th of Nov. the squadron had 3 months provisions on board , and on the 11th of Dec. that it had two months provisions on board , a circumstance which did not at all weigh with lord Gardner against relieving it , ) no respect whatever was paid to his intimation , and nothing was done by the admiralty till the 3d of Dec. when the Mediator was ordered out with provisions , which , however , did not reach sir R. Strachan 's squadron till the 12th of Jan. On the 30th of Dec. the Superb and the Spencer were ordered to join sir R. Strachan ; but the order , as far as regarded the latter , which had the measles on board , was countermanded , and the former did not reach the blockading squadron till the 12th of Jan . In the mean tune , however , sir Richard was become so extremely impatient , that he deviated from the usual rule of the service ; and instead of addressing his letters , as he had been in the habit of doing , to lord Gardner , wrote directly to the admiralty , to make his distress known to that board—a state of distress to which he could not have been reduced without the grossest negligence in that department of government . He was aware that it might be pleaded , that on account of the number of squadrons then at sea , it had been impossible for the admiralty to pay all that attention to the wants of each which it would have been desirable to do . But was not this a circumstance which ought to have entered into their calculation , before dispersing them in so many quarters , and on so many different services ? Was it of no consequence , that the toils and fatigues which the Rochfort squadron had undergone in the course of a whole winter 133 should be rendered of no use ? Was it of no consequence that a French squadron should be permitted to escape under the most enterprising of their naval commanders ? On the 4th of Jan. however , sir R. Strachan was reduced to the situation