vindicated his character , and he was now so completely in possession of the public opinion , that every possible degree , of confidence might be reposed in him ; and his character stood higher than ever it had done before . felt , that after the personal allusions so frequently made to him , he should not act respectfully towards the noble lord , if he continued silent on the present occasion . The noble lord concluded a speech , filled with the strangest and most monstrous doctrines he had ever heard , with a solemn appeal to the justice of the house , calling upon it not to establish so bad a moral as that of exposing the delinquency of public servants , for fear their conduct should be compared with the enormities of our enemies . It was with reluctance be entered on any of the enormities committed in India . In making such a declaration , the noble lord was not aware of the libel which he pronounced on an hon . friend of his , who was lately chief justice in India . Here Mr. Sheridan quoted a speech delivered at the time of Mr. Hastings 's impeachment , by Mr. ( now sir John ) Anstruther , in which that gent . dwelt on the enormities practised in India , and insisted on the necessity of investigation and punishment . But now the house was to understand , from the speech of the noble lord , that no governor in India , let his crimes be ever so great , was to have his conduct at all inquired into . He maintained , that the best way to hold out to the world that we practised no enormities , was to punish those who committed any . The noble marquis , whose conduct was now the subject of discussion , had lately made an observation , that the attack upon Copenhagen , and the seizure of the Danish fleet , was an event at which Englishmen ought to rejoice , because it would grieve Buonaparte . It was unwise in the noble marquis to make such a declaration ; because he believed it to be entirely the reverse of what was the fact . He sincerely believed , tha 935 Buonaparte never felt more joy at any event than what this act of ours gave h m. In that act he saw our character blended with his own . He found in it an indemnity for the past , and security for the future . The noble lord 's code of political morality was the worst he had ever heard broached in that house . His desultory term 'Will o ' the Wisp speech ' had not put down a single argument advanced by his learned friend , to whom he felt grateful for the sentiments he had delivered . He did not feel a wish to say any thing uncivil towards the noble lord , particularly so , after the very handsome manner in which the noble lord spoke of him the evening before last . But he should have supposed , had he not known his assiduity , the noble lord had never read the papers relative to this subject . He had said that Ally Hussein had forfeited his right to the throne , inasmuch as he inherited the treason of his father . He could never have been a party to a treason which had not been communicated to him , and with which the father had not been charged in his life-time , He never knew a more monstrous attempt than this to impose on the credulity of the public . There was no analogy in this case to that of the house of the Stuarts , in which a country chose its own magistrates , which every people had a right to do ; but here was an independent prince , who was an ally ; and what right had any man to say , that we should dismiss from the throne of his ancestors the lawful heir to that throne , against whom no charge whatever could