an inseparable part of any comprehensive system for the good government and happiness of Ireland . I mean the matter of Tithes ; a question as delicate as it is important ; and into which , therefore , I will not now enter farther . It was carefully considered at the period of the Union , and was intended then to have been brought forward . It came again under discussion when I had last the honour to serve his majesty ; the greatest attention was given to it by the noble duke who at that time represented his maj. in Ireland ; and from the result of both deliberations , I am confident much may be done upon it , greatly to the advantage of the church , and of the country . The groundwork of every such proceeding must be laid in an inviolable respect for the sacred rights of property ; one of the main pillars of security for all that we enjoy of law or liberty . I have thus enumerated , however imperfectly , the various measures with which the great statesman , of whom I have spoken , always meant to accompany the proposal for the repeal of every civil disqualification which still attaches upon religious belief . Great and important safeguards they were , in my judgment , for the civil and ecclesiastical constitution of the realm : wise and salutary provisions for promoting the interests of religion , for extending the beneficial influence of our reformed and established church , for conciliating the warmest affections of a people whose various interests and feelings were thus consulted , and for insuring ( as far as human wisdom can insure it ) the success of a system of universal and unreserved benevolence . I know of no other means adequate to such purposes ; and the good effects even of these would , as experience has but too plainly shewn , very much depend on the spirit in which such laws should be executed , and the temper in which such a government should be administered . If any farther measures connected with this extensive question , measures either of local or of general advantage , of additional conciliation to Ireland , or of increased security to our civil or religious establishments , were in the contemplation of that wise and good man , I knew them not . I have no doubt that I enjoyed his full confidence on the subject . But if any 653 such intentions were communicated to any other person , let them be stated to parliament with the same explicitness . His name will recommend them to your attention ; their own merit , if they were his , will infallibly entitle them to it . What I ask is only that you should enter fully into the discussion of the subject . Let it not be understood that you are determined to leave Ireland in its present state . Against that part alone of the whole population of your empire , let not the doors of parliament be closed , and a barrier established of perpetual and irrevocable distinctions . Whatever be the result of your deliberations , much benefit will be derived from the mere examination of these questions . Many asperities will be softened , many unfounded jealousies allayed . Much uneasiness has been excited by your apparent unwillingness even to look into the situation of that great portion of your fellow-subjects . Great good will therefore be done whenever it is known that you are seriously employed in consulting for their happiness ; seeking to reconcile the prejudices of others , and to satisfy your own apprehensions ; and at least endeavouring to extend to four millions of British subjects , the full enjoyment of the British constitution . My lords , these are questions which will force themselves upon our thoughts . We are placed in a situation such as no country has ever seen since the commencement of civilization in Europe . So much power has never before been directed by so much inveteracy , against the existence of any state .