landed interest had taken a false alarm on the subject . He highly approved of relieving the West India merchants , from which the landed interest would ultimately derive the greatest benefit . was of opinion that the interest of the planter and the interest of the farmer were not only compatible ; but 820 inseparable . The manufacturers of the populous county which he had the honour to represent , were enlightened enough to be completely convinced of this fact . So far was this from a rash and injudicious interference with the interests of agriculture , that he was satisfied the measure under consideration would operate as a protection to them ; and he felt , and believed the country at large would feel , that his majesty 's ministers had exercised a sound discretion in the support of this bill . adverting to the clamours about high prices , observed , that if we were to raise our own supplies , the farmer must have a price that might render it worth his while to cultivate poor as well as rich land . deprecated the tampering with the agriculture of the country , and declared , that this measure would be of the most fatal consequence to the tillage of Ireland , which was becoming a great source of supply to Great Britain . Every thing that he had heard only confirmed his objection to the measure . To prove that there was no actual scarcity , he stated from competent authority that the price of grain was falling in those places where from the stoppage of intercourse with the neighbouring districts , it had risen to the greatest height . spoke in favour of the bill , which was absolutely necessary to prevent the ruin of the colonies . spoke as follows : —Sir , after all the attention in my power to bestow on this subject , and after mature consideration of every argument that has been urged in its favour , I can not say that it appears to me either necessary or expedient . No case whatever has been made out to justify such a dangerous interference with the agriculture of the kingdom ; it has not even the ground of probability to support it , and rests its dependance solely on the apprehension that a measure of this kind may become necessary hereafter . Now , sir , if merely upon the bare possibility of a change becoming necessary in the law of the land , we are to proceed and make a most serious innovation on conjecture alone , not on any established fact , are gentlemen aware of the mischievous consequences that may and will arise from the establishment of such a fatal precedent ? To sanction this bill we ought to have a strong case before us ; none such appears , and I must contend 821 that it has not probability in its favour . All the accounts from the country afford reason for us to expect a plentiful harvest , and in addition thereto we hear from all parts of the cyder counties , that the produce of apples and pears is likely to prove abundant . Every one knows that a good cyder year depresses the barley market , that com therefore is not likely to bear a price adequate to the expence of cultivation ; if , contrary to all these more favourable expectations , an unforeseen calamity should happen to blast the ensuing harvest , then the ministers may avail themselves of the king 's prerogative to stop the distilleries , by proclamation , and no member of this house will object to a bill of indemnity . I can not help noticing , sir , the charge of inconsistency urged against the farmers . All the bad consequences they predicted are said to be imaginary , because corn has risen in price since the discussion of this measure . Why , sir , it is in consequence of such discussion within these walls that an advance has taken place , and every man expected it who knew any thing of the subject .