with all the care and diligence with which it is conducted , the officers assisted him in several searches of their books , and at length they found an entry that pointed to something like a report in 1805 , as mentioned by the right hon . gent , opposite . That report , Mr. Moore said , he held in his hand , and the right hon . gent , would see , on inspection , that it was a report stating only the names and number of prisoners , without the least mark of investigation , or appearance of proceeding thereon ; and from the minute examinations which had been made in the vote office , Mr. Moore said , he was perfectly satisfied there was no other report . But , continued Mr. Moore , if there ever has been an investigation into these alleged abuses , it must have been very snugly and closely managed , as it must be manifest to the house , that the aggrieved petitioners ( without whom such an investigation was a farce ) , who ought especially to have had notice of it and to have been present , had never heard of it , and were still petitioning this house , imploring such a hearing and such an investigation as that which is said to have taken place and been decided on . But he now hoped , that if such a report did exist , whatever it might be , that report , together with all the petitions which had been presented , and all the documents which had been laid before the house , would be referred to the commissioners to be appointed for making another investigation , who should be instructed to feel and consider the honour and character of our government to be its first and principal , and the justice due to individuals only as its secondary object . And he hoped and trusted , that in this spirit and understanding , the motion of his right hon . friend would meet with the unanimous support of the house.—The motion was then agreed to . again alluded to the discussion which had taken place on a former night as to the causes of the dis- 1135 missal of Mr. Dalrymple from the office of hydrographer to the Admiralty , and stated that he understood an hon . gent . opposite to him was now satisfied on this head . said , he had taken some part in the conversation on this subject on a former night . He had since been shewn the correspondence on the subject , and he was satisfied that Mr. Dalrymple had exhibited a degree of contumacy which was probably inconsistent with the performance of his duties to the admiralty . He was of opinion , however , that if the board had exhibited to that respectable gentleman the greatest possible degree of liberality and indulgence , it was nothing but what his long and meritorous services justly entitled him to . said , that considering the manner in which he had formerly been alluded to , when a noble lord , not then present , had brought the subject of the removal of Mr. Dalrymple before the house , and the peculiar situation in which he stood respecting that transaction , he trusted he might be permitted to give some explanation of what had passed . He said he owed it to the public , to the admiralty , and to himself , to state the circumstances which had led to Mr. Dalrymple 's removal : it would give him extreme pain to be under the necessity of bringing anything before the house or the public that could in any degree tend to create uneasiness to the friends of Mr. Dalrymple , or could at all affect the memory of that respectable gentleman . Mr . Pole said , he understood the hon . gent . to have expressed himself to be satisfied , that under the circumstances of the case , as he found them in the papers which had been prepared , and had been shewn to