either honourable or honest . It was only in illustrating the position he laid down , when expressing his surprise that Europeans , who acted with the strictest regard to justice in all their transactions in their own quarter of the globe , should act so differently in India , that he quoted the authority of Mr. Burke , who said , that Europeans were unbaptized in crossing the equinoctial . He had the utmost personal respect for the noble marquis ; but what he had ever expressed in that house , and out of it , was a decided disapprobation of the measures he pursued during his administration in India . He could not agree with the noble lord , that such discussions as the present were calculated to produce ill effects ; if they were so , however , it could only be from the decision they called forth . The hon . baronet then went at some length into the state of Indian affairs , and contended that there was no truth in what had been said , that the nabobs of the Carnatic had been raised 942 by us from the dust ; on the contrary , when we assisted them , it was not for their sake , but for our own , and in order to expel the French from their extensive territories . What had been the defence offered for this atrocious act ? atrocious he should always consider it , and so must every one who read the papers divested of party feelings . A trumpery pretence of evidence , and not even a state necessity shewn . As for the cypher , it was too ridiculous to merit mention . He cordially agreed with the noble lord , that British justice and policy ought ever to be the same , and if this could not be defended on the ground of justice , it ought to meet with condemnation . He then put it to the breasts of gentlemen opposite , to the breast of the house and of the country , if they could read these papers , and conscientiously say there was any justice in this case , or rather if there had not been most atrocious injustice . He had never known before that it was the custom of Britons to visit the iniquities of the fathers upon the children ; but here they had gone much further , for the ancestors of Ally Hussein had not even been convicted ; yet the grandson was condemned to pay the forfeiture . As to the treatment received by the prince , all he asked was , that it might be investigated . He pledged himself to prove much more than what he had stated to the house , and to bring forward witnesses who would far exceed in description of these melancholy circumstances all that had been imputed to his warmth in narrating . He had been blamed for speaking harshly of the commissioners , without deserving any such censure . All that he had said was , that they cold-bloodedly dragged the prince from the death-bed of his parent , to answer the interrogatories they had to put to him . In applying this epithet , he had spoken of their office , and not of themselves personally ; and if they were , as he had no doubt from the representation of the hon . colonel opposite ( Allan ) , honourable and upright men , he gave them his hearty commiseration for the painful duty imposed upon them , which , in executing it to the satisfaction of their employers , must have filled them with horror and disgust.—He now came to the policy of the measures . What had we gained at the grand expence of loss of honour and breach of national faith ? Our tributaries had been made slaves and our allies foes . We had placed Azeera ul Dowlah on the throne , in utter disregard 943 to the Mahometan laws , and in disregard to the just and prior claims of the two nearest heirs . We had stolen from one