was complete ; all rivalry was at an end ; the determination of the British power was manifested , and its support irrevocably pledged to Azim ul Doulah ; had he then felt the idle desire to make assurance double sure , by a crime so atrocious , could he have promised himself any advantage to balance the consequences of almost inevitable detection , which must , have raised against him the horror and detestation of all mankind , and most of all , I trust , of those by whose favour he had been elevated , and whose indignation could in a moment have dismissed him from the throne , of which he was unworthy , to the obscurity from whence he was taken ? —I have now , sir , traced , ( I am conscious how imperfectly , ) the circle I proposed in my outset . If I have had the good fortune to be at all successful in conveying to the house the impressions of my own mind , lean entertain little doubt of the result of this discussion . If I have failed in so doing , convinced as I am of the truth of those impressions , I have the consolation of knowing there are many present who equally feel , and by their superior authority and eloquence , are infinitely more capable of giving them weight than I can pretend to be , and who will , do justice to a cause to which my powers are , I am sensible , little equal.—With the views I. entertain of the trans- 371 action before us , it will not be wondered at that I should not have thought it necessary to inquire particularly whence it originated , whether in the orders transmitted from home , or in the unaided and spontaneous zeal of the government in India ? Approved and sanctioned as it has been by the authorities constituted to superintend the administration of our Indian affairs , I consider the measure as an act of the British government ; what may be the sentiments of the court of directors , I do not pretend to know , but I must remark , that though on many other points lord Wellesley has incurred their censure , into the catalogue of his faults or errors this has not been introduced . I am , therefore , willing to infer , that in acting with zealous solicitude for their interests , he may have been felt to have deserved , though he has not received , the expression of their approbation . In that sentiment of approbation , whether participated in by them or no , I cordially concur . In my official capacity I have cheerfully declared it , and here , as a member of parliament , with equal satisfaction and sincerity in the presence of my country I repeat it , and rejoice in the opportunity once more afforded me , of bearing a public though feeble testimony , to the transcendant merits of the late governor-general . Under his auspices this great and desirable measure was accomplished . Under the same auspices the British power in India has attained a height that will be the admiration of future times , when the transient feelings of this day are past and forgotten . I rather wish , for the honour of my country , to dwell on the services he has rendered , than that return of obloquy and persecution with which they have been rewarded . It is true , sir , in assuming the government of India he found a great and powerful empire , but he found it encompassed with perils , exposed to the rivalry , and threatened by the designs of surrounding powers . Tippoo Sultaun cherishing implacable hatred against us , was maturing his projects of vengeance , and preparing as he thought our destruction . The extensive resources of the Maratta confederacy , influenced by councils hostile to our empire and interests ; were formidable and unbroken . The Nizam subjugated by a numerous force , under the command of French officers , was