open the East India trade . He trusted that when this question came to be discussed hereafter , it would not be canvassed in a mere commercial point of view , but that the whole political bearings of the case would be taken into consideration , both as relating to the welfare of that country , and , in his opinion , to the very existence of this . He would not , however ready he was to enter upon this investigation , trouble the house further on this occasion , than to express his doubts as to the practicability of the export trade to India being carried on by individual exertion , whatever facility opening the intercourse of private traders might afford to the importation of East India goods . insisted , that there had of late been a total suppression of the East India Company 's affairs , and the last budget had only brought them up to 1803–4 , since which time not a document on the subject had been produced . Neither were there any documents in support of the petition , and he considered it only fair and reasonable , that before parliament granted any aid , a complete state of the Company 's returns , sales , profits , and assets , should be laid before it . replied , that it was not usual to produce documents in support of the allegations contained in a petition , but that the only reason none were offered in this case was , that they could not be prepared in time for the petition to be presented within the limits prescribed by the house . As to the deficiency of the East 79 India accounts , it was owing to no wish for concealment at home , but arose from their not having been received from India . In reply to the allusion that had been made to a noble lord in the other house , he said , however sanguine his views might have been on some occasions , he had always stated the grounds on which they were founded , and solicited investigation . in explanation , said , that he meant no more than that the noble lords had been much too sanguine in their calculations.—The motion was then agreed to . rose pursuant to the notice he gave yesterday . He said that in various cases of shipwreck , dead bodies were cast on the shores of this kingdom , which sometimes could not receive the common rights of burial . This was a disgusting circumstance , and disgraceful to the character of the country . The cause was , that parish officers were afraid to order bodies to be buried , on account of the expences they might bring upon the parishes . His object in the present measure , was to propose that parish officers should be compelled to bury all bodies so cast on shore ; and that the expence of the same should be defrayed by the countries . Also , that rewards should be given to persons discovering dead bodies , and giving information of the same to the parish officers . He then moved for leave to bring in a bill to that effect , which was granted . these cause were so numerous and so scattered through different parts of Ireland , that he did not see how it was possible to procure the returns which the hon . gent . desired . replied , that the objection stated by the learned doctor , was the principal reason why he wished to have such returns laid before the house . It was because these processes were so numerous , and because litigations respecting tythes in Ireland had increased to so great a pitch , that he thought it necessary for parliament to have the fullest information con- 80 cerning , the existence of the evil . He did not suppose the returns could be made this session ; but it could not be difficult to make them , because the assistant barristers must have kept a register by them of each trial , of which