a flock , and flocks without a pastor . It must be supposed either with the learned doctor , that the catholics were hostile to the state ; or it must be supposed according to the better opinion enter- 147 tained on his side of the house , that they were at least in great danger of being rendered so . He might venture to state that things were not mending ; but that this great branch of the empire , which for some time past had been a source of weakness rather than of strength , was in some danger of becoming a fatal tool in the hands of our enemy ; an enemy who aims at nothing less than our extinction , and is already at our gate . What , in such a deplorable state , was to be done , might be a matter of difficult inquiry , and require great local knowledge ; not indeed because your course could be doubtful , but because your time was short . But it could require very little deliberation , to say that you ought not to hasten the crisis you dread by paltry provocation and petty insults : that you ought not to encourage those whose whole life has been occupied in irritating and insulting them : that you ought not by marks of distinction to sanction the language of those who declare them enemies , or to place in situations of power those whom they regard as such . There were some people who , viewing the unexampled success of the enemy , and how ( fatally as it were ) all those who had opposed him seemed but to work out his own purposes , were led to conclude that he was sent as a scourge to accomplish the total overthrow of the world . With such opinion , Mr. Barham said , he did not agree ; but if any thing could lead one into so gloomy a train of thought , it was what was passing in our own bosom . He asked what would Buonaparte have desired , in order to accomplish the subjugation of Great Britain , but to divide it ? What would he have desired in order to divide it ? He would have said , let the government fall into the hands , not of bad or weak men , for of such the influence would be small and the power short , but of men who stood high in public opinion for their character and talents ; but , he would have added , let them have some favourite prejudice which must , make a considerable body of the people regard them as enemies ; and finally , that the jealousy may be irreconcileable and fatal , let the subject of it be religion . Unspeakable were the blessings which religion had showered on mankind ; but dreadful were the evils which it had occasioned , when mixed with an alloy of human prejudice and passion . Religious zeal , when pure , did indeed exalt man above manhood , but when corrupt it produced actions of which 148 human nature seemed hardly capable . It was dangerous to trust it too easily ; for we saw how , with even a small degree of prejudice , it could lead even good and wise men into opinions and conduct wide from the usual benevolence of their hearts , and the usual intelligence of their understandings . Gentlemen boasted of their toleration . For toleration such as theirs little thanks were due . They could not now , were they so disposed , persecute with the rigour with which not catholics alone but protestants also had persecuted , in former ages ; they could not now deny all exercise of their own religion to a whole people ; but they were as intolerant as the age would allow them to be . They sought to keep this religion in a state of degradation , depression , and difficulty , and they encouraged those who represented its followers as enemies to the state . How different a course would