proper place for a bishop was in the house of lords , or at court . Little could be said of such objector 's respect or zeal for the cause of religion . The bill looked one way and proceeded another ; it pointed out an evil and offered no remedy . If a change should ever take place , it should not be of this description . It went to overturn the whole system of clerical property , a consideration which should have its due weight on the house ; especially as it might happen that they themselves might shortly become the sufferers by similar encroachments on the property of lay impropriators . It was , therefore , the duty of the gentlemen of England to shew their disapprobation of such a dangerous innovation on this defenceless portion of the community . expressed his surprise at the statement of the hon . baronet respecting the neglect of bishops in admitting improper persons into the church . There was no point in which so much improvement had taken place respecting the church , even within the last 20 years , as in the arrangements made for the examination of persons , candidates for holy orders , in order to secure the admission of none but proper persons . said , that it was admitted that the object of the bill was to provide for the poorest order of the clergy . This he thought a great object , and it was adequate for this object . In the great contest in which the noble lord opposite ( lord Milton ) and he were lately engaged , he 838 had seen nothing on the part of the clergy but consistency and independence . The bishops , he was satisfied , would be better pleased that no option should be left with them , but that they should be imperatively called on , in every case , to give the one-fifth . This , however , would in many cases be inconvenient , if not unjust . On the whole , he thought the measure as it stood , highly cunducive to the advantage of the church of England . Many gentlemen were zealous in their efforts to place the catholic religion on a respectable footing . He hoped they would not entirely slight that which they themselves professed ; but would evince that the well-being of the church of England was not indifferent to them . Long experience , and a careful attention to the doctrines which it inculcated , had taught him to regard that church with the highest admiration , as embracing the purest system of religion , and that most consistent with the Christian faith . The present measure had his entire support , as one greatly calculated to give strength and stability to the church of England . regarded the bill now under consideration in a very different light from the hon . gent . who spoke last . He conceived it to be a measure calculated to undermine and weaken , rather than to strengthen that church which the hon . gent . professed so much to admire . It seemed to him to be a bill calculated to sow dissention and discontent , rather than seed likely to produce good fruit . It appeared calculated to set the curate against the rector , and the rector against the curate . It was a bill to endanger , not to benefit the church of England . He was far from denying that the legislature might not interfere to regulate church property as well as any other . Nobody could deny that proposition ; but still it remained a question , was such interference necessary ? Nobody could deny that the king held the reins of government for the benefit of his subjects . But still the talking of cashiering kings was a doctrine not to be lightly introduced , or to be acted on but in cases of the most crying necessity . In the same manner , though the legislature might have a controul over the property of the church , it was a controul