effect of that act might have been to raise the price of corn , yet the ultimate effect was to render it cheaper , as it enabled the landholder to raise corn upon those acres on which none could otherwise have been produced . He mentioned , as another reason , the improvement in the breed of cattle , by which , in Scotland and other places , double the quantity of meat was produced with the same quantity of animal provisions , so that much less land was necessary for pasture , and more was left for the production of grain , of which the prices had never before been so regular . In Devizes , and other places in that neighbourhood , more grain had been stored up than ever had been known at any former period ; and the present rise in the price of grain was owing to the alarm of the distillers , who had been buying up and distilling as much of it as possible , from an apprehension of this measure . Still however , if the proposition had come from the chancellor of the exchequer , or any responsible minister of the crown , he should not have been so much inclined to persist in objecting to a discretionary power of stopping the distillation from grain , if the circumstances of the country should require it , without reference to the case of the West Indian planters . But , as the proposition came from the noble lord , it must be considered as founded on the Report of the committee which had been appointed for the specific purpose of examining what method of relief could be adopted for the planters . If this discretionary power was required with the view of affording such relief , and not solely to be directed by the circumstances of the country abstracted from this consideration , the interests of agriculture must be shaken to the centre , without much benefit to the colonies . If , by the contest in which we were engaged , many should be turned from commercial to agricultural pursuits , it would be such a source of strength to the country , that so far from its proving fatal to us , we might come out 436 of it in a better condition than before . He mentioned as a proof of this the great improvement that had taken place in the agricultural system of Norfolk , by which every seventh acre was employed in raising winter food for cattle , though in other places not more than one hundredth . If the same laudable plan should be adopted in other places , a sufficient quantity of meat would be produced to afford half a pound of meat a day to ten million of people . could not agree with those who thought that the interests of the West Indian planters were to be thrown entirely out of consideration , and maintained that a case of the utmost distress had been made out by them . When the account of the American embargo arrived , he , along with others , as a deputation from the West Indian committee , waited on the chancellor of the exchequer to ask , Whether government would consent that the restrictions on the exportation of corn to the colonies should be taken off ? and upon this being refused , it was suggested that sugar might be substituted for grain in the distilleries , as this would be only relieving them with the money that was sent to be paid to foreigners for corn . It ought to be remembered , that in former committees on this subject , the plan went to the breweries , and to the distillation of molasses ; at present it went no further than the distilleries , and distillation from sugar , so that the measure was much simplified , and the financial difficulties in a great measure got rid of . It ought also to be kept in view , that the committee still continued its labours , and had a Report in forwardness pointing out a