dispassionately . The country gentlemen must reflect but little if they did not see that the depression of the West India trade would infallibly aggravate their own burthens . allowed that the West India trade was entitled to relief , and would be ready to support any relief given at the general expence of the country . What he complained of was a relief proposed to be given by the injury and oppression of the barley counties . A committee was not to be appointed to revise and bring into question the fundamental principles of public economy , so decidedly laid down by Hume , Stuart , and Smith , in this country , and by Turgot and Condorcet , in France . The uncertain wealth of speculation should not be supported by the sacrifice of the certain benefits of agriculture . He should look to the Report narrowly , and oppose it in every stage , if , as he feared , it contained a recommendation to prohibit the distillation of corn . said the committee had by no means been appointed in opposition to the established , principles alluded to by the hon . gent . who had just sat down , or with a view to consult the interests of the colonies , at the expence of those of the mother country . The circumstances which called for the investigation of the committee , were of a temporary nature ; so was the relief proposed in the report . These circumstances applied to the mother country as well as the colonies , and so did the relief ; and so far was it from being intended to do any premature injury to agriculture , that not even a momentary depression of the price of grain was to take place without a power to put an end to the proposed restriction . He would express no opinion as to the propriety of carrying the recommendation contained in the report into effect . He had formed no opinion ; he had avoided forming any till he should have the whole subject and evidence before him in the report . The committee had been appointed to consider the depressed state of the West India produce , and what relief could be afforded by introducing the use of sugar into the distilleries , or by any other means . The committee had taken into consideration the state of our foreign trade , and the probability of our being for some time deprived of our usual supplies of grain from abroad . And upon the general consideration of the state of the country , and of the West Indies , the report 59 had been framed . These were matters which it was no absurdity to refer to a committee , nor to receive a report upon them . As to the formation of the committee , it was made up of country gentlemen , general merchants , and persons connected with the West Indies . So far was the rumour from being founded , which stated that the members for three particular counties had been purposely passed over , that it was his intention to have named a member for one of those counties , ( Norfolk ) if he had noticed him in attendance previous to the appointment of the committee . Of four members added to the committee subsequent to its formation , one only was a merchant , distinguished for his information , and the other three , gentlemen of the landed interest , of whom one , the hon . baronet behind him ( sir H. Mildmay ) had taken a very active part in the committee . At the same time that he professed and felt so great regard for the interests of agriculture , he thought that if by bringing an additional article of food into market , a former article should sustain some falling off , there would yet be no reason to complain , any more than if by putting three or four hundred thousand acres of waste land into cultivation , the general price of provisions should be reduced , he hoped