find that it was 979 undoubtedly the intention of parliament , to do that which was now requested by his noble friend . And when he considered , that at the time of the union , the Catholics possessed every right which could appertain to them by this act of parliament , he must say it would now be a violation of such rights , on the part of the legislature , if they did not adopt a clause of this description . With respect to Catholic Emancipation , he might possibly be misunderstood ; it had been said , that his conduct , upon a late occasion , was inconsistent with the opinions which he had formerly delivered upon this subject . But he would defy any man to fix upon him the stain of inconsistency . His conduct now was exactly the same with that he had pursued upon all former occasions . The Catholic Question was one upon which he had not made up his mind—it was one concerning which he did not possess that information which his noble friends did ; for in the course of his attending the other house , he did not recollect that he was once present at the discussion of the Catholic claims . With this view of the subject , it was now , and always had been , his opinion , that their claims should be examined into , in order that he might see , before he voted one way or the other , how far it might be beneficial that their requests should be complied with . It was on these grounds that he had voted with his noble friend that a committee should be appointed to examine into the prayer of their Petition . But had his noble friend , or any other noble lord , proposed that these concessions should be granted without inquiry , he should have refused his assent . It might be wrong , but at the same time , he must allow he did entertain a prejudice against the Catholic religion . Of all the obstacles he could imagine , he knew of none more injurious to the progress of Christianity than popery ; but it was now no more ; fortunately it had sunk from its extensive sway over the dispositions of mankind . It had been long combated by human endeavour , and what the wisdom and genius of ages could not effect , was at last brought about , apparently by the interposition of God 's providence . He considered the Catholic claims , at this time in particular , as demanding our most earnest regard ; and if it should be found right to grant them these privileges , it would better become us to do so , when we could perform it as an act of generosity . This country , in his opinion , was 980 never in so perilous a situation ; there might be a calm now , but we should do well to consider that it might be succeeded by a dreadful storm . If we looked at the conduct of Bonaparte towards Spain , it must raise the horror of every man who had a spark of feeling for his fellow creatures . If we considered his most atrocious and infernal treatment of the Spaniards , we might think that even the vengeance of Heaven must speedily overtake him . But he was induced to believe that his vicious career might be permitted to go on , and it would become us , by every means , to unite and conciliate our fellow subjects at home , in order that we might be better able to meet the worst and be supplied with every necessary defence . began by saying , that although he could not presume to follow the noble and learned lord through his legal opinions , he could not refrain from remarking , what appeared to an unlearned man something like a contradiction . He had stated that the bank direction was not opened , nor meant to be opened , to the catholics by the act of