to the institution of one great monastic establishment , in which they would be debarred of all access to their friends . This institution had been supported from its foundation by public grants , which left the funds originally intended for it applicable to other institutions in different parts of the country . There was no impediment to Roman Catholics if they chose to employ their own funds for this purpose . But if , in consequence of an increased grant , a number of hungry pensioners , as the right hon . gent . had designated them , should be thrown upon the Catholic body , would not the next step be an application for a provision for them ? It had been said , but not made out in argument , that seven years were necessary for the education of the Catholic clergy ; but , on the contrary , it appeared from the papers , that most of the clergy had left the college in 4 years or less . On the whole , he thought that the supply of 361 would be sufficient to meet the demand of the Catholic clergy , and therefore should vote for the proposition of his right hon . friend . insisted , that there had been an understanding between government and the Catholics , that a sum should be granted to this institution , sufficient to defray the expences of educating 400 students , and therefore he maintained that the present was a curtailed grant . replied that whatever might have been the understanding between the Catholics and the government of which the right hon . gent . was a member , parliament did not stand committed by any such pledge . begged leave to explain how the fact really stood . The grant to the college of Maynooth , previous to the union , was only 8,000l . On the recom- 95 mendation of the trustees for that institution , the late administration proposed to augment the grant to 13,000l . and the last parliament had actually voted this sum . Before this vote , however , could be carried into effect , that parliament was dissolved , and when the new parliament met , his majesty 's present ministers wished to resort to the former sum ; but finding that the trustees had acted upon the faith of receiving the larger sum , they had , in one instance , carried into execution the intention of their predecessors . Now , however , they seemed to have overcome , in part , their objection to granting more than 8000l . though they could not be prevailed upon to grant 13,000l . so that it was pretty evident , a compromise had taken place between conflicting opinions . It was probable , that the question had been discussed in the cabinet ; that there was a difference of opinion respecting it , the terrors of popery falling more lightly upon the heads of some members in it , than of others ; and that they had resorted to an expedient , not uncommon in private life , called splitting the difference . As to the statement of the right hon . gent . that it was unprecedented to provide for the education of the ministers of a religion not that of the state , he observed , that the state of the Irish Catholics was an extraordinary anomaly . They might wish the case to be otherwise , but they were to take the country as it was and to give it as much moral and political improvement as it was capable of . Gentlemen might talk of restraint ; but that had been the principle of the penal code , and had failed . They might degrade the Catholics ; they might make them bad Catholics , bad Christians , or bad subjects , but they could not by such means make them Protestants . There was no effectual mode of improving the condition of Ireland , but by instructing and enlightening the clergy and the people of the Catholic persuasion . As to the superior clergy of