proposed . One was , that instead of the term of the exemption for four years , the exemption should be till the turn came by rotation . The other , proposed by lord Milton , was , that one who served four years in the local militia should be for two years , subsequent to the close of that period , exempt from the regular militia ballot . Both were agreed to . Upon one of the clauses , lord Milton moved as an amendment , that the officers commanding in the local militia should have the same qualification in point of property , with officers of the same rank 719 in the regular militia . Lord Castlereagh having opposed the amendment , the committee divided upon it : presented a bill for regulating and prolonging the Charter of the Bank of Ireland , and for enabling the governor and company of the said bank to advance a loan of one million and a quarter for the service of his majesty . complained of the precipitancy with which this bill was forced upon the house . It was , in his mind , a measure of too much importance to be thus hurried forward ; and , for one , he had strong objections to it altogether . First , because he thought it was founded on the worst bargain that ever was made for the public , namely , a loan of a certain sum of money to be advanced by the Irish bank to the government of the country , at 5 per cent , the highest rate of interest which the law allowed them to charge upon discounts on any tradesman 's bills in this country . Secondly , because , as the Finance Committee had suggested regulations with respect to the bank of England highly advantageous to the public , he wished them to have an opportunity of considering and recommending similar regulations with respect to the bank of Ireland , before the charter was renewed or prolonged . Overtures had been made to himself , while chancellor of the Irish exchequer , for a renewal of the charter ; but he had set his face against it , and the only bonus he could see that the right hon . gent , had obtained for the public by this bargain , was , that the bank agreed to forego any claims they might have had for managing the public debt ; but surely the government of Ireland was not at so low an ebb of credit as not to be able to borrow this loan of so large a sum , on better terms than the humblest trader paid for discount of his bills at their counter . said , that , so far from precipitating this measure without allowing time to consider it , the documents had been on the table of the house above three weeks.—The bill was read the first time . ( member for Yarmouth ) rose and spoke as follows : —Before I proceed , sir , to state the grounds of the motion which I shall shortly have the honour of proposing to the house . I wish in a few words to call to their recollection , those circumstances which originally induced me to bring this transaction to their notice . I am the more anxious to do this , because it has very unfairly been said , that I made a personal attack on the hon . captain without giving him any notice of my intention of so doing . It will be in the recollection of the house that an hon . baronet ( sir Francis Burdett ) some months since made a motion for an account of the Droits of Admiralty without any previous notice , and the chancellor of the exchequer requested him to postpone it to the following day for the purpose of having time to consider of it . At that time I had not the honour of the slightest personal acquaintance with the hon . baronet , but being apprehensive that the motion , as it was then worded ,