no absurdity whatever in this : protestants commanded the armies of Louis 14th ; catholics were employed in the Russian government , and the three mandarins that attended lord Macartney in China were of three different sects . Could any one imagine that a man who possessed scope of mind sufficient for the conduct of government , that a general fit to be trusted with the command of an army , should so far forget his honour and his duty as to render his power subservient to any improper practices connected with speculative matters of faith ? In the present age , the influence of religious opinions was not so strong . In the dread events that had lately happened , religious 684 notions were not concerned . Great as the mischief had been , the name of religion had not been abused . The ideas which some appeared to entertain of the influence of speculative points of faith were not applicable to the present times . In almost every country except our own , these restrictions were done away . The Roman-catholic church , instead of domineering over others , was scarcely able to sustain itself The clamour raised about its being subject to one head was now idle and absurd , though a century ago , perhaps , this circumstance might afford reasonable grounds for apprehension . It had been remarked by the opposers of the claims , that a compliance with the prayer of the petition would be contrary to the principles of the revolution . He respected the principles of the revolution , because he had a different view of them : their object was to guard the liberty of the subject , to secure his right , and the stability of the contract between the king and the people ; their object was real liberty , and in order to secure that , these restrictions were then imposed ; but the occasion for them having ceased , the spirit and principles of the revolution required that they should be abolished . Many of the misfortunes of Ireland had resulted from this impotent attempt at keeping the power in the hands of a few , to the exclusion of the great body of the people from the chance of attaining the higher offices . Miserable and short-sighted politicians ! the evil they had done lived after them , and Ireland still smarted under its effects . The general disrespect of the law , the long-continued and deep-rooted discontent in Ireland , must have resulted from as general a cause . His countrymen were extreme in their love and their hatred , their gratitude and their resentment ; and hence the distractions that had arisen from an erroneous policy . But , he was told that the peasants would be indifferent to the benefits now claimed ; and that even though granted , the effects would not reach them . The odious distinction established by law between the Roman-catholic and the protestant being done away , the former would find his consequence much-increased ; and many poor people might have access to several little offices , from which they were at present in effect excluded by the stigma under which they laboured . The noble general concluded by a long comment upon the absurdity of excluding the catholics from power upon such futile grounds , 685 while all Europe had coalesced against us ; when all governments had become tolerant but our own ; when all the power of the people was reduced to nothing ; and when our danger had increased in a tenfold degree . in allusion to what had fallen from a right reverend prelate , admitted that a million sterling was a great deal of money to pay annually to him and his brethren . As to the mistranslation of the Bible , the papists were not perhaps far wrong , as far as respected the early versions . The garbled manuscript in the British Museum was a proof of this . The parts improperly translated having been written in a different ink from the true and genuine passages , time had consumed