, penury , and mortification as the reward of a mistaken zeal for the good of his country.—Thus , sir , in this extraordinary and unprecedented bargain , the country were to incur no risk whatever . It was morally and physically impossible they could sustain any injury . In the event of failure , Mr. Palmer alone was to suffer the whole of the loss ; but , if his Plan succeeded , why then , sir , for every twenty shillings the country was to come into the possession of , Mr. Palmer , the projector and inventor of the means by which these twenty shillings were acquired , was to receive six-pence , and that during his life only.—There is one feature in this Agreement to which I would particularly direct the attention of the house . Mr. 246 Palmer does not , with the prudent calculation of a worldly-minded man , say to the government , `` I will organize this Plan , I will prove to you that it is feasible , and having brought you to this conviction , you shall pay me such a specific sum for the invention , and whether hereafter the scheme continues to succeed or no will be a matter of indifference to me . '' No , sir , Mr. Palmer 's language to the minister is this— '' The contract submit to you shall not place it in the power of the public to reproach you with having made an improvident bargain : they shall not have it to say , you have extravagantly expended a sum of money upon a projector whose Plan , though successful to a certain degree , is yet very inadequate to the injudicious reward he has received : what I request is this , that at the end of each year an account be taken of the Post Office receipts , and out of this gross sum all the expences incidental to the establishment shall be disbursed , and then , from the clear net monies paid into the treasury beyond the old amount , I demand my percentage of sixpence in the pound . '' —Here , sir , are no speculative advantages , no ideal emoluments ; before the inventor is to be thought of , we are to see these emoluments and to feel the benefit of them ; and when we have satisfied ourselves of their reality , and we are absolutely in the enjoyment of them , then , and not till then , Mr. Palmer is to reap the benefit of his Agreement.— Sir , it is upon this principle Mr. Palmer wishes to be judged ; produce the Post Office accounts . If we have not benefited by his plan , he has no claim upon us ; but if , on the contrary , it should appear , that the country has derived and is deriving an immense annual income from his services , why then , sir , I assert , and I feel confident that the public will bear me out in the assertion , that he ought , in justice and in honour , to be paid up to the amount of his success . Sir ; it has been advanced by a right hon . gent , that Mr. Palmer , from disputing the commands of the Postmaster General , was found unfit to retain his official situation in the Post Office ; and that by his acting so as to oblige the Treasury to discharge him , he deprived the country of many advantages his continuance in office would have insured to them.—Sir ; in the first place , I deny that it was necessary to discharge Mr. Palmer for disobedience to the Postmaster General , because he never acknowledged their authority , but I am ready to admit , with the right hon . gent . 247 that the public suffered materially in a prospective view , from Mr. Palmer 's dismissal . But , sir , the right hon . gent , appears to forget , that Mr. Palmer is not asking the country to reward