the residence of the clergy . He concluded with moving , `` That leave be given to bring in a bill for making more effectual provision for the maintenance of Stipendiary Curates , and for their residence on their cures . '' reprobated in strong terms the principle and real object of this bill , the most unconstitutional that was ever submitted to the consideration of parliament . He was astonished that the right hon . mover should think of persevering in such a measure , after being thrice defeated in his attempt at carrying it into a law . It was not with the amelioration which it proposed in the condition of the subordinate clergy , nor with the alledged purpose of enforcing the residence of clergymen in their respective parishes , that he 55 had any inclination to find fault . His hostility was directed against the monstrous and unconstitutional power which it gave to the bishops over the rectors in their respective dioceses , a power which subjected the property of every rector to be invaded or mulcted , without any proof of improper conduct , merely at the caprice or whim of his bishop . The noble lord concluded by observing , that he feared the right hon . mover was in this measure the organ of a secret influence behind the altar , as formidable and as designing as that which was now ascertained to exist behind the throne . Its object was to introduce into the church establishment a system of rigorous puritanism , the unfailing source of unconquerable bigotry and rancorous persecution . defended the bill , as calculated to produce two desirable effects , namely , an increase of comfort , to the active curate , and the advantage of a resident , clergyman to the parish . coincided with his noble friend , and declared his determination to oppose the bill in every stage . He designated it , if operative , as an act of plunder on the property of the rector , and if inefficient , one carried under false pretences through the legislature . thought , injustice , that a liberal compensation should be made to the curate , proportioned to the duties performed , and to the receipts of the living . Where they amounted to 500l . per annum , he thought 100l . a year but a fair allowance . considered the bill as an innovation , and said he would take another opportunity of stating his objections fully on this subject . replied to the objections advanced against the measure , and enforced the necessity of going into a committee , when the opposers of the bill would have an opportunity of submitting their various amendments and modifications.—After some brief observations from Mr. Tierney and Mr. Windham , leave was granted to bring in the Bill , under an implied undertaking that its principle was to be fully discussed on the committal of it . chairman of the Committee appointed to consider of the propriety of confining for a 56 time to be limited , the Distilleries to the use of Sugar and Molasses in the manufacture of spirits , brought up the Report of the said committee . * thought it right to apprize the house , that the part of the Report which went to prohibit the use of grain in distillation , though sanctioned by a majority of the committee , had by no means its unanimous approbation . If any legislative measure should be proposed on the Report , tending to carry that principle into effect , he gave notice that he should feel it his duty to oppose it . There was no sufficient public ground for such a measure , and it would be extremely injurious to the barley counties , one of which he had the honour to represent . He was confident that his constituents would give him instructions to oppose the proposition , and that they would petition against the measure . agreed with the hon . baronet . The landed interest was sufficiently depressed , and the influence of members whose consequence arose from