morality ? A landholder here improves his estate , enlarges his crops , and brings his waste land into cultivation : —it is a speculation , and may be profitable or not : but , at any rate , it is deemed an honourable and praise worthy exertion . A land-holder in the colonies does the same thing : but there , having first deprived him of the reward of his industry , to justify that act , you brand him with the name of * This extension has less arisen from the cultivation of new lands , than from the introduction of a more productive plant , —the Bourbon-cane : and the extension is more apparent than real , for though the south-sea cane yields a greater quantity of sugar , yet that sugar contains a less proportion of true saccharine matter than the other . 507 a gambling speculator . But it has been said , if the evil arises from an over-production of sugar , the planters have the remedy in their own hands . Let them produce a less quantity . Sir , no concert or combination is possible in so numerous a body ; nor will the effect be produced , as in most other instances it would , by the natural operation of a low price . In other cases of agriculture , if a crop be unproductive as to price , it will not be renewed , but other crops will be substituted in its room . Such is not the case with sugar.—A sugar estate can be converted to no other purpose * , without sacrificing nearly the whole ; nor can its crop be lessened , without aggravated loss : for , as the expences must remain nearly the same , whatever be the crop ; it follows that , the lower the price may be , the more every man is compelled to keep his crop at the highest , in order , if possible , to prevent actual loss where there had been no gain before † . I think , sir , I might here conclude , without farther argument , that relief is due to the colonies ; and that on this shewing alone , an equitable government could not refuse it , because their ruin arises from the acts of this country , of which this country derives the benefit . I might represent that , in balancing between * If it were possible to convert sugar estates into coffee or cotton plantations , it is clear that not much would be gained thereby : it would be exchanging merely a glut of sugar for a glut of coffee or cotton.—From the introduction of new objects of cultivation from the East , perhaps , in time much benefit may result : but these things are too distant to save the colonies , which must perish before such benefit could arise . But surely this proposal to the colonies , of changing the object of their cultivation , conies rather curiously from those who contend , that the agriculture of Great Britain and Ireland would be ruined if any other corn was substituted in lieu of barley in only one-eight of its usual crop . † But supposing it were possible for the planter to reduce his crop , the consequence must be , that the exportation from this country , and the shipping employed , must undergo a similar diminution . How far this may touch the vital interest of Great Britain , will best appear from the consideration of what our enemy is aiming chiefly to destroy , —our commerce and navy . 508 them and those of any other class of men , not only the relative importance of the parties to the state should be considered , but also the importance which the thing contended for is to those parties ; and that , however inferior a stake to the nation the prosperity of the colonies may be , compared with the prosperity of its domestic agriculture , yet if the thing in question be all to one , and little to the