the effects must have been embarrassing in the extreme ; and inasmuch as they might affect the public credit , even hazardous to the public safety . He was perfectly aware , that what had been stated by his noble friend , as to the dissimilarity of the influence of the bunk of England upon the government of this country , and that of the bank of Ireland upon the Irish government , was not without its weight ; but the influence differed , in his opinion , not in kind but in degree . It was not to be expected that so recent an establishment should already have acquired the influence which , after the lapse of a century , was possessed by the bank of England ; this might , however , soon increase . In king William 's time our bank already began to be considered as a main support of the Revolution ; and its weight in the last years of queen Anne , against her last administration , was severely felt ; whether for the better or for the worse was not the point , the only question was as to the power , and not as to the application of it . Could it be said , however , that the bank of Ireland had no influence on the government ? To whom did it apply with respect to loans ? To the bank . Who negociated all the treasury bills ? The bank . Who furnished notes and specie for the payment of the army ? The same bank . He was not , therefore , raising a vague and extravagant alarm , when he supposed that the influence of such an establishment might have 984 great weight with the government , in what related to Ireland ; and he trusted that he was saying nothing invidious , he was sure that he meant nothing invidious , towards the catholics , when he supposed that they would avail themselves of that influence to further the attainment of objects which were in themselves legitimate , and which appeared to them , not only advantageous to their own body , but to the general prosperity of our common country . Those , therefore , who were of opinion that all ought to be done for them now , or , if not to-day , at furthest on the morrow , without regard to the feelings of the legislature and of the people , were right in pressing a concession which they must consider as a stepping-stone to more . Those who were for ever adverse to all further concession , must , on the same grounds , be most anxious to resist this . But there was a large class of persons who entertained neither of these opinions ; there were those who thought that , in the fluctuating state of human affairs , it was not wise to pledge themselves to any opinion which no possible circumstances within the reach of common foresight could alter . There were persons who doubted the propriety and prudence of saying to a large body of the people , that no degree of common danger , no change in the general sentiments of the majority , no loosening of the foreign holdings of the catholics , no practical and continued proof of their gratitude for benefits received , and of their active loyalty in the defence of their country , could ever produce any amelioration of their condition ; persons of this description might , with perfect consistency , maintain that they would not grant that which might tend to deprive them of their free option of granting or of withholding the remainder . Were every thing else granted , it would be absurd to withhold this ; but as long as the catholics had further claims , for the attainment of which they were stated to be anxious , and to the attainment of which , on their part , the opinions of the legislature and of the country were at present adverse , it was neither invidious nor illiberal , but a mere act of common