parliament , and admitted them to every civil and military office . They have sat upon the wool-sack ; they have filled our chief scats of justice , and all the highest stations of our government ; they have led our fleets and armies to victory— with how much benefit and how much glory to the empire ! Is it on the Catholic alone that these universal principles attach ? Does his belief alone inspire irreconcilable hostility to every government in which his Church is not established ? Where then were these eternal truths , when we admitted the Catholics of Ireland to the command of regiments and fortresses ; when we opened to them the great mass of the civil offices of their country ; and above all , when we imparted to them the elective franchise , and bid them share 657 in the choice of our own legislature ? It is too late now to erect your standards of exclusion against a part of the constituent body of parliament , and to treat as aliens the members of your own family . If you consider them as brethren and fellow-citizens , admit them fully to share and to defend your constitution ; if as irreconcilable enemies , repeal your past improvident concessions . Their present state is inconsistent with both opinions . I trust we shall not on this day hear again of the exploded calumnies of last year—the very remembrance of which is disgraceful to the times in which we live ! We shall not again be told that four millions of our fellow Christians disclaim the obligation of an oath ! that four millions of our fellow-subjects think it lawful to depose and murder their sovereign ! That these opinions form a part of their religious creed , are inculcated by pious and enlightened teachers , and received by a whole community , including men of as high birth , as extensive knowledge , as liberal education , and as tried loyalty , as any of your lordships ! —You do not believe it . If you did , should we at this day be arguing about their exclusion from a few remaining offices ? Should we not rather be considering how to defend against them the very first foundations of our society ? How could persons holding such opinions partake even of the lowest functions of government ? How indeed could any government whatever be administered to them ? To argue such a question farther at this day , would be to insult your understandings . Yet must I not omit , in justice to your fellow-subjects , to remind you how often they have disclaimed these horrid tenets . Grateful for the opportunities you have afforded them , they have subscribed to every test , they have signed every declaration , which you have provided , to vindicate their moral character . Is any man still unsatisfied ? Judge them by the testimony of their accusers . Did the authors of these laws believe that the Catholic disregards the sanction of an oath ? Are the supporters of this code at this moment sincere in the same opinion ? On what security have they rested their whole system of exclusion ? Why does not the Catholic peer this day claim at your table his hereditary seat—the commoner avail himself in the other house of the suffrages of his countrymen ? What in every other line of life denies to the people of this persuasion every just object of high and 658 laudable ambition ? What else but that dreaded sanction of an oath , which conscientious men of every faith are equally afraid to violate ? Your laws are therefore nugatory , if the charge be true ; how unjust are they , if they themselves are founded on the knowledge of its falsehood ! Every part of your present system is indeed equally inconsistent with any belief in these atrocious calumnies . Does the religion of a Catholic teach him that treason and murder may be commanded by any human power ? Why then have we trusted them so far ? Are