our afterwards seizing , as 315 lawful prizes , on the vessels which , in time of peace , we had detained , could be regarded as any thing short of chousing and rascality ? He thought the motion did great honour to the noble viscount , and must raise him still higher than he at present stood in the opinion of the country and every honest man . pressed upon the consideration of the house , the peculiar claim which the Danes had upon our performing some act of remuneration for the losses which they had suffered . They had been particularly impressed with the good faith of this country , and entertained a strong sense of its honour and integrity . By no other means could any people in their situation have been led to send their ships to the ports of England . G. Britain had hitherto been celebrated for her love of justice , her honour , and her sincerity ; in this disposition the Danish merchants unwarily confided , and were ruined.—The house then divided on the question , that lord Sidmouth 's motion be now put : Contents , 16 ; Non-contents , 36 . Majority , 20.—And , on the fourth Resolution , another division took place : Contents , 16 ; Non-contents , 37 . Majority . 21. rose to move his promised Resolutions respecting the deposition of the nabob of the Carnatic . He began by requesting the indulgence of the house , unconnected as he was with any party , and unsupported by any influence except what might be expected from the strength of the cause . Before he had become a member of the house , his attention had been turned to the subject by different motions for papers which had been made , and he was then anxious that the matter should be thoroughly investigated ; feeling , in common with many others , for the honour and good faith of the country . When he come into parliament , he found the question still floating , and did every thing in his power to induce some other member to bring it forward , preferring to be the seconder rather than the mover : no choice , how-fiver , was left him . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) to whom he had particularly looked , had found himself in circumstances that prevented his urging the question , as it might have much embarrassed those with whom he acted . He had no 316 doubt however , that that right hon . gent , was convinced that he had just grounds for what he did . He did not mean to impeach his public spirit , which certainly , on many occasions , hail shewn itself superior to any private motive or consideration whatever : and even on this subject , the right hon . gent , had seized the occasion of a motion for papers to declare , that a more inhuman , a more atrocious , and a more disgraceful act never had disgraced any government . He had every disposition to think well of the politics of the marquis Wellesley , who had been educated in the same school with Mr. Pitt , and had for some time followed his steps ; but at the same time , he had no hesitation to declare , that if he was guilty of the acts detailed in these papers , he was a most improper minister for this country , as he might bring into our councils that tyranny which had disgraced his Indian government.—The hon . baronet then gave a brief historical view of the progress of the company 's interference with the Carnatic , from the beginning of the war that ended in 1754 , when they supported one candidate for the musnud in opposition to another supported by the French , down to the treaty of 1796 with Omdut ul Omrah , by which the payment of a certain kist was secured to the company . That treaty continued till the death of Omdut ul Omrah , in 1801 ,