by the noble lord on the woolsack , but still he continued so decidedly hostile to the preamble , and to the general principle of the measure , that he could not vote for the second reading of the bill . stated the object of this bill , which was to prevent any settlement being gained by renting any dwelling under the value of 20l . instead of 10l . ; or by purchase , under the value of 100l . instead of 30l . The next object of the bill was to pass Irish and Scotch paupers to their respective parishes . objected to the whole bill , as oppressive and injurious in its operation , and tending to increase the burthens upon parishes , already too great . With respect to passing Irish and Scotch paupers to their respective parishes , he thought it would be an act of great cruelty and injustice . He considered the encouragement of Friendly Societies as the best mode of reducing the poors rates , and therefore recommended them to the consideration of government . He concluded by moving , that the bill be read a second time this day six months . thought , that as a measure for the regulation of the Poor Laws , the house might entertain this bill , although he had some objections to make to some of the clauses intended to be enacted by it . With respect to the clause empowering the removal of Irish and Scotch paupers , he thought the house could not entertain it for one moment ; it would be too much to say , that a man , after a long , laborious , and industrious life , should be turned over from the parish which had been the scene of that life , to a place where no provision whatever was made for him . was of opinion , that the whole of the poor laws should be repealed , but that as the present bill might be attended with partially beneficial effects , it ought to be suffered to go to a committee . strongly objected to the bill , as completely and fundamentally altering the whole law of settlements ; occupation or payment of rent was not required ; it was enough that the pauper had a mere title to possession . He objected to the bill , not merely because it would introduce new litigation and expence , but as condemning as vagrants and criminals , persons who 424 might be legally entitled to a settlement , and placing them in a situation in which they could have no redress . considered the bill highly objectionable , as increasing the difficulty of procuring settlements , which on the contrary , in the opinion of Judge Black-stone , lord Mansfield , and all other wise and great men who had written on the subject , should be made as easy as possible . It was the interest of every parish to relieve itself of a small burthen , and put a large one upon another ; for , when a man with his family was removed from one parish to another , it was not a mere temporary burthen , but ultimately a continual burthen upon such parish . The most beneficial effects , in his opinion , would arise by facilitating the power of acquiring a settlement ; and he thought , were a six months residence to entitle a pauper , to a settlement , it would be attended with the most beneficial effects , not only in lessening the poors ' rates , but relieving the subject from the greatest oppression . As to removing Irish and Scotch paupers , in most instances it would be sending them to a place where they were altogether strangers , and they would be burthensome paupers , when they otherwise might become useful members of society . supported the bill . was happy to find this measure objected to as it was , as he had troubled the house on a former occasion , and never heard any one support the law of settlement as it