, whether we look at a state of war or of peace , that the accumulation of the Sinking Fund must inevitably keep up the price . If the blessings of peace could be restored to the country , the price of stocks would unquestionably rise . Peace has uniformly been found to produce that effect ; it tends directly and most particularly to that object ; for when there is no necessity for a loan , the Sinking Fund is left to operate by itself , without counteraction or embarrassment . The effect of the peace which succeeded the Treaty of Amiens , was to raise the funds from 59 to 77 . At that time the capital of the debt was 478 millions , the sinking fund 5,800,000l . being an 82nd part of the debt : now , the capital of the debt is 586 millions ; the sinking fund above ten millions , being a 58th part of the debt . If therefore peace were restored , there can be no doubt that the operation of the Sinking Fund must inevitably keep up the price of stocks . But , even in the case of a continuance of war , there is every reason to believe from experience , that the operation of the Sinking Fund will be sufficiently powerful , notwithstanding the counteraction of other circumstances , to keep up the price of the funds . If , therefore , in either situation , of peace , or war , there is good ground to believe that stocks will increase in price , it is a strong argument in support of a plan by which a considerable portion of the public debt may be redeemed , at the price at which the stocks may be antecedent to that increase.—There is another circumstance , sir , which the committee must take into their consideration in estimating the merits of this plan ; it is the probability or improbability of persons being disposed thus to transfer their stock to any considerable extent . How far that disposition may exist I can not pretend to determine ; but this I know , that as far as it may exist , it will be advantageous to the public . It is very probable , sir , that many individuals would be strongly inclined to dispose of their stock for the purchase of annuities under circumstances which secured to them the acquisition of an increased income , free from any risk to their property , and without the expence and inconvenience attending other modes of obtaining a similar object . Under this 265 plan , those individuals would enjoy more advantages , they would receive much better terms than in any negociation of a private nature , because the object of the plan is not to obtain for the public any profit from the sale of annuities , but as I have before stated , to secure the redemption of that part of the stock transferred , at the price which it may bear at the time of the transfer . Thus the full value would be given in the annuity , without any deduction whatever . It is my hope and confident expectation that in the present state of the finances of the country , I shall be able to procure loans in the 3 per cents . redeemable at 80 , in which case , in the event of the funds rising above 80 , I mean to propose that the stock so created shall not be transferable.—The right hon . gent . concluded with moving the first of the following Resolutions : viz . 1 . `` That it would tend to a more speedy and efficient reduction of the national debt , and would at the same time , be of material accommodation and convenience to the public , if every proprietor of three per cent . consolidated fund or reduced bank annuities were at liberty to exchange , with the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt , such bank annuities for a life annuity during the continuance of a single life , to