the hon . gent , by his hon . friend ( Mr. Ward ) , the board of admiralty could not do otherwise than dismiss Mr. Dalrymple . He understood the hon . gent , to say , that the duty the admiralty owed to the public , certainly justified them completely in the step they had taken . He seemed to admit that they had treated Mr. Dalrymple with justice . But Mr . Pole said , he owned it astonished him to hear the hon . gent , insinuate , that more lenity might have been shewn , and that he should have been better pleased if more indulgence and liberality had been shewn him . rose and said the hon . gent . had quite misunderstood him , he had meant no such insinuation , what he had said was in quite another view . resumed : he said he was extremely glad to find that he had misunderstood the hon . gent . He certainly thought he had meant such an insinuation . He then begged permission of the house to state the circumstances which led to Mr. Dalrymple 's removal ; that about the month of Nov. last , the first lord of the admiralty , upon ascertaining that his majesty 's fleets were not supplied with charts upon any regular and settled principle , and considering that great inconvenience had arisen from the king 's ships in many parts of the world being unfurnished with proper charts for their guidance , determined to lay down a system by which in future all his majesty 's ships in every part of the world should be supplied with the best charts existing for the station to which they might belong ; and in order to effect this most desirable and important object , the first lord of the admiralty had called upon the board to issue their orders to the hydrographer to prepare a proper selection . Mr. Dalrymple , in return to this order , had stated that he was incompetent to make the selection , from not having a local knowledge of many seas , and for a variety of other reasons ; and he recommended that in order to carry the first lord 's plan into execution , a committee of ten officers should be appointed to select and arrange the charts proper to be issued to the navy . From the moment however that this committee , as recommended by Mr. Dalrymple , was appointed , it became impossible for them to proceed in the performance of their duty . It had fallen to his lot , as it was a part of his duty , to examine into the state of the hydrographer 's office ; it was impossible to describe the confusion in which he found it ; from Mr. Dalrymple 's infirmities , it could not be otherwise . He wished at all times , as he always had done , to speak of that venerable and respectable gentleman , with every possible degree of tenderness and attention , with all the consideration due to his talents , to his great acquirements and his eminent services . But it was impossible not to admit , that the state of his office was such , as to prevent all chance of proceeding with the arrangements necessary for the good of the service under his management . The house would perceive the truth of this remark , when he informed them , that Mr. Dalrymple 's habits were such , that he seldom or never came to his office before three o'clock , and that the office of the hydrographer closed at 1137 four . A variety of unpleasant circumstances occurred , upon which Mr . Pole said , he would not dwell ; several discussions took place at the board of admiralty on the subject . It was found to be impossible to proceed with the plans that had been ordered , unless Mr. Dalrymple retired from his office ; and the board were extremely desirous that Mr. Dalrymple should be removed in the manner most grateful to his feelings