and at the same time wholly uncalled for by any pressure , or even appearance of scarcity present or to be apprehended . If any danger should arise in consequence of the harvest being at all deficient , it might be as well guarded against by an order of council , instead of agitating the public mind by the means which had been pursued . There were two or three circumstances to which he wished to advert , relative to the consumption of grain in the distilleries and the foreign import , and which he thought it material to state to the house , especially so because he believed that the opinion which prevailed relative to the amount of such foreign grain imported , and of grain consumed in the distilleries , was very erroneous . The report of the committee tended to confirm these erroneous opinions by taking only one average of the foreign importation , namely upon the last five years , and also by not taking the last official return of the quantity of grain annually consumed in the distilleries in Ireland , amounting to 890,000 barrels . The importation of foreign corn was stated to amount to 770,000 quarters annually , and which certainly was the case upon the average of those five years ; but he begged to call the attention of the house to the importation of the two last years , and which it was more material for us to consider . It would be found that the import of foreign corn in the year 1806 amounted to only 319,000 quarters . In 1807 , it was certainly a great deal more , but if the two years were averaged it would not exceed 500,000 quarters each year , inclusive of the import of flour . This view of our situation ought to be exhibited to the public , as it was material in every point of view and 868 much more satisfactory . It was another irresistible proof of the increasing produce of the country and of the means we possessed of providing for our own subsistence . Then in regard to the quantity of corn used in the distilleries , he thought the committee had relied too much upon the lowest calculations , and appeared certainly to have done so in regard to Ireland , where the consumption by the last official return , was nearly double that upon which the report appears to be founded . The committee calculate upon a total consumption for Great Britain and Ireland of 780,000 quarters , of which England is supposed to consume 300,000 , Scotland 109,000 , Ireland 311,000 ; but the Irish official account nearly doubles that estimate , and the British probably exceeds it , being founded upon the number of gallons of spirits actually paying duty . The total of grain of all sorts consumed therefore must exceed 1,000,000 quarters , whilst the foreign importation amounts only to 500,000.—This was a very different statement from that which the public were impressed with , and which was made to appear by the report of the committee ; it was however perfectly correct , and could not be disputed . It was not immaterial to consider likewise in this view of the case that in the event of this bill passing , and of our not receiving a single quarter of corn from foreign countries , our agriculture would still lose a market for 500,000 quarters . The impolicy of reducing the markets for grain had been already repeatedly urged , and was too obvious and indisputable to admit of any justification : such a reduction of demand would be more felt also by the growers than is imagined . Many people supposed the loss of the distillery markets would not be sensibly perceived . The effect would certainly be perceived , or not , according to the abundance or the deficiency of the approaching harvest ; if it was abundant and a good barley year , it would be materially felt . It was well known that we imported no barley , our own produce was equal to our own consumption