for affording them complete relief , he was not inclined to disturb the present order of things . coincided with the right reverend prelate in his view of the subject . regretted the necessity which he felt of dissenting from the right rev . prelates who had just delivered their opinions ; but , painful as it was for him to be in that situation , he still felt it incumbent on him to give his feeble support to this bill , because he was convinced 1113 that it would promote the interests of religion , and give additional security to the established church . supported the bill , and said , that the right hon . and learned gent . who brought in the bill for the residence of the clergy , had expressly declared that a better provision should be made for the curates , by a subsequent measure , and under that impression he had supported that bill . When that bill was brought into the house of lords , a clause to make a better provision for curates was then proposed , and the noble and learned lord was one of those who particularly objected to it ; so that he thought the present bill ought to pass , in order that a proper provision might be made for so large and deserving a body of the clergy as the curates . bore testimony to what had been urged by lord Hawkesbury by saying , that he had himself , when the Residence bill was before the house , proposed the clause in favour of the curates which had been alluded to ; and he recollected , that the noble and learned lord had then particularly objected to it , on the ground that it should be the object of a separate bill . It had now been introduced in a separate bill , and he thought that bill should pass , for if it did not , he was afraid this would be the last time it would be attempted . said , that thus called on , he must beg leave to say a few words . He acknowledged he had opposed the clause alluded to , and which had been brought in by the rev . prelate who spoke last , and he had already mentioned it this evening , and taken blame to himself on that account . He then very much wished the Residence bill should pass , and he and other noble lords who thought with him , were apprehensive that if that clause was tacked to it , the bill would be lost . He owned they had been mistaken , but that was the real cause of their objection . He observed his noble friend ( lord Hawkesbury ) smiled at what he said , but if he meant it in doubt of what he said , he would not bear it ; for he had already expressly mentioned the circumstance before either the noble lord or the rev . prelate had alluded to the clause in question . The noble lord had said , that a right hon . and learned gent , who brought in the Residence bill , had pledged himself that a separate bill should be brought in for the better provision of curates . If any man could alter his sentiments on the present bill , it would 1114 be that right hon . and learned gent . ; but he believed , he neither attended the discussions on , nor voted for the present bill ; but not even the high respect and affection he entertained for him could prevail on him , to countenance a measure , which , in his conscience , he believed to be so pregnant with vexatious and mischievous effects . said that he was perfectly satisfied with the principle of the bill , but there were some of the clauses which he thought would be attended with injurious effects , and would introduce vexation and mischief ; he should therefore vote that the bill be rejected . objected to it on the ground he had done