from the time of Francis the first , established as guards against a foreign influence , but practically , it was seldom , if ever , found necessary to resort to that control . The ecclesiastical constitution of France also provided both a Lutheran and Calvinistical establishment , with their relative synods , & c. But with respect to 600 the Catholic communion , the address , prefacing the act of establishment , declares 'That the Catholic religion is that of a 'vast majority of the French nation ; to 'abandon so powerful an engine , therefore , 'would be to desire the first ambitious 'knave , or unsuccessful demagogue , who 'wished to convulse France anew , to seize 'it , and direct it against his country . ' The application to the case of Ireland was but too obvious.—Sir J. H. then observed , that he could not on this occasion forbear citing the authority of that great statesman Mr. Pitt , who decidedly admitted the general loyalty of the Catholics , and denied that the rebellion of 1798 was a Catholic rebellion ; adding also , 'That 'whatever checks he had had in contem-'plation heretofore , they did not apply to 'the Catholics , as Catholics , but such tests 'as should be a security against the prin-'ciples on which the rebellion originated . '—As the house seemed to express much impatience for the question , sir J. H. begged to remind them , that although twenty years had elapsed since his first introduction to a seat in that house , he had rarely trespassed on their patience ; but on the present occasion he could not reconcile himself to a silent vote , and the extracts he had adduced , he felt , were entitled to the most serious attention of those who questioned the justice and policy of the proposed concessions . He had confined the authorities quoted , to such opinions chiefly as had . been given on this subject , by distinguished prelates of the Established Church , and which indeed might have been multiplied , with undiminished force , to an , extent little suited to the present disposition of the house . He then expressed his regret that the learned doctor , who , on a former occasion , brought down so many antiquated documents in his hand , had not , on the present occasion , delivered his sentiments , as sir J. H. was fully prepared to have replied to him.—He begged also the chancellor of the exchequer , ( who had on a preceding night contended that religious toleration should be excluded from any aids derived from the public purse ) to recollect that we had , at this moment , both Lutheran and Calvinistical churches and preachers established within the precincts of St. James 's palace , paid from the civil list , and wisely so in his opinion , although the right hon . gent . must be aware that the communion of the Lutheran , as well as the Catholic , maintained the real presence in the sacrament . 601 This speculative tenet , nevertheless , had not been considered as a bar to state provision which had been made for those professing it , and which had existed from the days of queen Anne , when it was first established . It was incumbent on the house also to recollect that Roman Catholics had sat and voted in parliament during four successive reigns since the period of the reformation.—With this observation he should conclude , giving his hearty concurrence in the question for going into a committee of the whole house , in which this important subject might be more adequately considered . .—Sir ; in supporting this motion , I earnestly wish to abstain from every thing like warmth or personality , in conformity with the recommendation of the right hon . gent , who , with such forcible arguments and splendid eloquence , opened this debate . I do not rise for the purpose of entering into any discussion on the general topic ; but , in consequence of what has fallen