degree culpable , but as totally incapable of defence or mitigation . All that it is necessary to say is , that the delinquency was not of a sort , as indeed what delinquency is ? that could work a forfeiture of rights which had been completed before the crime was committed . The opposers of the Claim , sensible that it was not upon those grounds that resistance to it could be maintained , have had recourse to the terms which , at-a subsequent period , Mr. Palmer had been fain to accede to , when the only option allowed him was between those or none . The mere statement of such an agreement in an answer to any use to be made of it as concluding against the future claims of the party . Mr. Palmer finding himself opposed by men who had all power in their hands , was willing , as most other persons would have been in the same circumstances , to consider rather what he could get than what he might think himself entitled to . The moment the ministry were in possession of the letters , to which to-day also , so much triumphant reference has been made , Mr. Palmer was at their mercy . With such a battery to play off against him , the moment he should set his foot in the house , he could not have stood before them for an instant . He would not have obtained a hearing . The house , it may now be hoped , not being taken by surprise , nor borne down by the long established authority which then ruled it , will be more disposed to listen to reason ; and , as one of the first proofs of such a disposition , will never consider an acquiescence on the part of Mr. Palmer in the terms dictated to him , 239 as an admission that what was so offered Was equal to the fair amount of his demands . His consent to accept what was then offered , that is to say , all that he could then hope to get , was not an act that could , with any justice , in my opinion , be quoted against him , as prejudicing any claim which he might otherwise be thought to possess . His claim must remain such as it was originally : and it is upon this Claim that the house is called upon to pronounce ; judging , not according to the rules which some have proposed as the guide of its judgment , but on those principles of general equity , which would seem more suitable to the character of a legislative assembly , deciding between an individual and the public . Was the bargain made with Mr. Palmer , originally , an unfair , or improvident one ? Was it not , on the contrary , such as the public would be glad to repeat , could the advantages of his Plan be obtained at no cheaper rate ? Can it be said with any truth , that a bargain so circumstanced , has been forfeited by his misconduct , however justly that misconduct has forfeited the office which he accepted in lieu of part of it ? And if the reward due for service already performed , and of which the public are now enjoying the fruits , can not well be forfeited by misconduct of a subsequent date , would it be consonant to the justice or creditable to the character of the house , that they considered as a surrender of Mr. Palmer 's right , the acceptance on his part of a smaller sum , when the rejection of what was then tendered must be considered as nothing less than a renunciation of all further hopes ? stated himself to have been a member of the Committee ; which had bestowed upon every transaction connected with the case , the most particular and deliberate attention . He then read various extracts from the Evidence detailed before the Committee , upon the face of which he contended that Mr. Palmer