benefit societies , part of the income of a week was converted into a fund for the support of the person during life ; thus , a temporary was converted into a more permanent fund . But by the present measure , the permanent was to be converted into the temporary fund . His lordship was decidedly of opinion , that this measure would be prejudicial not to those alone who were induced to try its effect , but also to the public creditor . The right hon . gent , surely did not mean to state that these annuities would not be transferred , and of course would , in a different shape , bring the same quantity of stock again into the market ? Did he mean to contend that it might not happen , that , from the casualties of human life , a person who had purchased an annuity might not he obliged to sell it again ? Thus , though government might be ready to grant to persons wish- 700 ing to purchase annuities for their own lives , which must at all times be preferable to those on the lives of others , yet persons would often be found , compelled by some pressure , to sell their annuities to a disadvantage , and purchasers would also be found , tempted by the desire of a profitable bargain . stated , that with respect to the noble lord 's plan , it would not be interfered with by this measure , because certainly the Sinking Fund would in ten years be in as good a situation , notwithstanding the operation of this plan , as under that of the noble lord . This plan was not to hold out an inducement , but to afford an opportunity to persons wishing to purchase annuities , to invest their capital in that manner ; and it would undoubtedly be a great convenience to many individuals , who might have to bequeath annuities to dependants , to have their lands discharged of such annuities by purchases under the present plan . The hon . gent , then shewed by calculations , that the operation of this plan would accelerate the period of the redemption of the public debt , without producing the inequality in the effect of the sinking fund apprehended by the noble lord . thought that the plan now proposed would have the effect of encouraging a greater degree of frugality in the lower classes , by affording them an opportunity of applying their savings , with perfect security , to the increase of their incomes , and that in this point of view the benefit would overbalance any evil which might arise from it . did not think there would be any sound objection to the adoption of this plan ; on the contrary , he was friendly to its adoption , because in a free country like this there should be as great a diversity as possible of option afforded to persons wishing to lay out their capital with security ; and to show that he was friendly to the adoption , he proposed that the annuities should be rendered more marketable by facilitating the insurance of the lives of the nominees , by taking off the tax upon the policies of insurance upon such lives.—The Resolutions were then agreed to . after detailing the history and progress of the Bank of Ireland , stated , that it was proposed that the bank capital 701 should be increased from one million and I a half to two millions and a half ; the interest en the additional million to be the same as on the present capital ; a million and a quarter to be advanced to government for the period of the charter , unless government should upon certain notice think proper to repay it sooner . The Irish bank was also to manage the whole debt of Ireland , free of further expence , whatever addition may be made to it . He therefore moved , That it be the opinion of the committee , that the governor and company of