be of the same religion as the majority of the people , but the inference is directly the reverse . The principle of the constitution is , that you shall have the benefit of the talents of all descriptions of subjects in the lower branch of the legislature . In one case it goes to the limitation of the crown—In the other it goes to the diminution of the subject 's right . I have said that it is a violation of a constitutional principle , and I am firm in my opinion . It has been upheld as a fundamental law that the Commons form a part of the legislature , of which part the Catholics take a share , I mean in regard to their elective franchises . This was set- 559 tled by the act of 1793 , and recognised by the articles of the Union ; you must therefore extend the principles of your constitution , or abandon them altogether . You told us that the Union would consolidate the resources and the interests of both islands . I now call upon you to consolidate the strength and energies of both nations by fulfilling the contract . Unless you carry into effect that measure , then do I contend that it was an act of ambition quoad the parliament of Ireland , and an act of bigotry , quoad the people . If your fears for the security and permanence of your constitution be sincere , why do you not extend your attention to the source whence the real danger arises ? Does the danger proceed from domestic treason , or the fixed and indefatigable hostility of your foreign enemy ? In ether case , where would you look for security ? Certainly in the people ! why then , I say you would act wisely in agreeing to the prayer of the Petitions , by attaching to you one fifth of the whole of your population . Are you then , when you contend that danger is abroad , so foolish or so frantic as to persist in the exclusion , or do you look for security in the extravasated ambition of depriving one fifth of your subjects of their rights , and of depriving the empire of their assistance ? Do you think your constitution is in most danger from the attacks of a foreign enemy , or from firing the resentment of one fifth of your people ? Is your constitution safer , because four millions of your people have only to look up to the sovereign for mercy and protection ? Is the church in less danger if you make it incompatible with the civil co-operation of one fifth of your people ? I would ask is the state in less danger ? Is a tree more firm when its roots are torn up , or a capital more secure when the base is taken away ? or will you tell me what in the natural world is radical weakness , constitutes in the political world both security and strength ? No ! your very measures prove that you feel the insecurity of your policy . When you passed your famous Levy en Masse Act , and the Training Act , why did you not extend their provisions to Ireland ? for this plain reason , because you had not extended your constitution . Why did you not call upon the energies of your fellow subjects there ? The reason was , you felt the fatal effects of that exclusion upon which the Irish parliament was stranded . Such conduct will neither guard the church nor state . But it is in 560 vain to delude yourselves by a concealment of the fact . The day will arise when the act of settlement , and the Protestant establishment itself must be defended by Catholic co-operation . If you wish your Catholic subjects to shew the same zeal as their fellow subjects , give them the same privileges . It has been argued , that to have a Protestant king and Catholic councils , would be an anomaly in politics—I see no such