hon . friend , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , simply performed his duty , by resisting all doubtful demands upon the public purse , of which that house was the natural guardian , and was bound by every just principle to protect from spoliation with the same anxiety as any individual would his private property . after recapitulating and enforcing several of Mr. Windham 's remarks , proceeded to state , that leave to bring in the present petition , had been applied for while he held the situation of chancellor of the exchequer ; that without pledging himself in the slightest degree , 243 for any support to the case , he had given his consent that a committee should be appointed to investigate and report upon the Claims , because ( though at that time he was entirely unacquainted with the justice of the case ) he felt that Mr. Palmer had produced such signal and extensive advantage to his country , that any demand he might bring forward for remuneration was at least entitled to an attentive consideration.—Since that period , however , he had seriously examined the mass of Evidence now before the house , and through the whole chain of it , he had found abundance of proof , however the ingenuity of some gentlemen had laboured to distort the plain fact , that Mr. Palmer was entitled , by every tie of honour as well as gratitude , that could be held binding to a nation , to receive the full and entire compensation which he claimed.— With respect to the wild theory affected to be raised in the course of this debate , that the purchase-money bargained for Mr. Palmer 's Plan escheated back to government as a forfeit , when they chose to dismiss him from his official employ , it really was too idle and paradoxical to require a serious reply . Let the house , for an instant , draw any parallel case : Suppose an ingenious artificer comes to the board of admiralty ; and says `` I have invented a machine which shall destroy the French fleet in Brest harbour at a single blow , will you buy it of me for 20,000l. ? '' The board , after some experiments , are convinced of its efficacy , and agree to the purchase . Afterwards they say to the inventor , `` No person can understand the application of this machine so well as yourself , and we wish to engage your personal services to superintend the enterprize . We appoint you to the command of a man of war , and will pay you such an allowance while we retain you in the navy . '' The inventor never desired this appointment , but he accepts it , he completes the object of the enterprize , and the French fleet is destroyed ; but , while this work is about , he conducts himself improperly in his ship , and disobeys the chief in command ; the Admiralty immediately dismiss him from the service , and his conditional allowance ends with his employment . So fir all is proper ; but would any man be found , who should say this man had not a claim , a just and legal claim upon the Admiralty Board , for the 20,000l . which they had originally bargained fur the purchase of his invention , 244 and which invention had already answered every purpose it had promised to effect ? —No , he did not think were was any man in the united kingdom , who would come forward to start so preposterous and dishonest an idea . Now , let the house , at a single glance , compare this imaginary case with the real one , and find , if it could , one jot of distinction between their merits . He really considered Mr. Palmer 's case to be so indisputably established , that he would not occupy the time of the house with any additional comments ; all the duty that remained to him was to refute in the general face of the house