if it were so , I believe it will be safer to begin saving when called on by prudence , than to go on consuming till stopped by necessity.—I know not that it is necessary to add more on this part of the subject : but as a great deal has been said respecting the price of corn , I also am desirous to offer my opinion on that point.—Gentlemen say , they do not desire too high a price . I agree with them . They will probably agree with me , when I say that I should be sorry the price were too low . Not only because too low a price must occasion too high a price afterwards ; but also because I can enter into their feelings both as a farmer and a landlord . Yet though we agree that the price should be neither too high nor too low , we may perhaps be no nearer for that ; the question still remains , what is too high or too low ? A word has lately been discovered , which seems to be very much liked , namely , a remunerating price . I do not object to this word : but I fear we shall use it in a different sense , and that much is to be settled before we shall agree what it means , * It is a fact that , in many parts of the north , the markets are not supplied ; and that the greatest distress prevails . The London market has indeed not failed yet : but when that market shall fail , it will not be a case for precaution ; for precaution will be too late . 503 or ought to mean.—The price of corn must depend a great deal on the renumerating price of land.—Now , sir , if we were to consult gentlemen from various parts as to what was considered to be the remunerating price of land in their several counties , we should find that rents had increased , and were increasing , at an astonishing rate . In Hampshire , I know much land that , in a few years , has doubled its rent . In Norfolk , I remember barley-land letting as 3s . per acre , which now lets at 15s . Of Essex I can not speak so much from personal knowledge ; but I have good authority for saying that land there has got to an extravagant price . In South-Wales ( in many parts of which , barley is the principal crop ) , I can affirm , that the rise of rents is such as , till lately , no landlord had hoped for ; and Scotland , I believe , is not behind-hand in this respect.—I do not mention this in the way of blame : it is natural that land-owners , like other persons , should take the best price which the market will afford . As there neither is nor can be combination , it is fairly taken . I pretend not to be more unwilling than others to participate in these advantages : but I mention it as a reason why the landholder should not complain of unequal burthens and undue depression , for which he can and does so fully indemnify himself ; I mention if , to shew that those who claim a high remunerating price for corn , are not without interest in that price themselves.—Well , sir , we will suppose the remunerating price to be adjusted with the landlord : it remains to settle with the farmer.—He will naturally first claim a price that shall cover his rent , taxes , and other charges ; which shall cover the loss by a deficient crop ; and this , it seems , must be so calculated , that the price of any one crop must cover the failure of every other . For instance , barley must be dear , not only because barley has failed , but because pease and beans have failed . But had pease and beans been abundant , how would