materials for much eloquent and impressive declamation . But 369 before gentlemen abandon themselves to emotions of this nature , I implore them to weigh well and impartially all the considerations connected with the case before them . In doing so , I am persuaded they will be satisfied that no degree of attention that humanity could dictate , has been wanting , that every hardship that could be avoided was prevented , and those which were inevitable alleviated , as far as was compatible with the secure accomplishment of the measure to be effected . Whatever , as a matter of unavoidable hardship , fell upon Ally Hussein , I unaffectedly regret ; his early death I regret also ; but in the compassion I may feel for his fate , I can not forget justice , or consent to admit that his death has any direct connection with the measures that were adopted . Examine every circumstance of it , and no unprejudiced mind will discover even a colourable ground for suspicion . If even his situation preyed upon his mind and affected his health , ( of which , however , there is no proof , ) it may be a matter of concern , but can be none of criminal accusation against the British government . The rigorous severity of restraint and confinement , so loudly complained of , appears never , in fact , to have existed , cither with respect to Ally Hussein , or to the princes of the family generally ; on the contrary , it is proved incontestibly by the papers , that full liberty was afforded them of quilling the precincts of the palace , if they preferred it to yielding the usual obedience to their constituted : head . That they were under the authority of the nabob is true ; but , such were the precautions taken by lord Clive , such his constant communication with the palace , that no abuse of that authority , no outrage or violence could take place without , his knowledge , and in speaking of various representations from several discontented members of the family , he distinctly declares himself enabled to state , that the facts described in them , are , in some respects , exaggerations of trivial circumstances , in others , absolutely without foundation.—The illness of Ally Hussein commenced , as it appears , in the apartments of his aunt , the Sultan ul Nissa , one of the most active and avowed enemies of the new arrangements , with whom he had resided for some time , and who would naturally watch over his safety with more than common anxiety and vigilance . There he remained , till removed to the house of his mother , a few days preceding 370 his dissolution , in a state of hopeless insensibility . The first intelligence of his illness was communicated by the nabob Azim ul Doulah . Every medical assistance was immediately offered that it was in the power of the governor to furnish , it was at first , resisted by the prince 's attendants , and when with difficulty admitted , proved too late to be availing . Not an idea seems to have been entertained at the time , that the cause of his death was otherwise than natural ; there is no suspicion thrown out , and even the letter , professed to be sent but could not be sent , by Ally Hussein to lord Clive , the day before his decease , confirms the innocence of the nabob . The mention of spells and incantations , if they prove nothing on one side , prove much on the other ; they indicate the spirit in which the letter , from whatever quarter it came , was composed ; and , by a reference to such grounds of accusation , prove the total want of all that was more substantial and credible . What benefit , in truth , could be derived from such an act , compare ; with the risk attending it ? The establishment of the new order of things