Russia ? —Thus much as to the justice of the expedition . Now , as to the policy , he would contend that the Russians ought to have been induced by all means to concentrate their whole force against the most powerful and dangerous enemy , Buonaparte , and not to have weakened it by unprofitable schemes upon Turkey . That ought to have been our policy also . There , as to the force , the inadequacy of it was such , that if sir T. Louis had not come away as expeditiously as he had done , his passage would have been totally cut off . The necessity of having a body of troops was also laid down by the naval commanders . It was asked , what the troops could have done ? They could have taken and held Lestos castle , which was tenable and important . They might have taken the castle of Abydos , and destroyed it . These towers did great damage to the British ships in their return ; and the admiral said , that if another week had been allowed to prepare the defence , the squadron could not possibly have returned . It was asked , what could 5 or 6000 British troops have done , when Constantinople had 200,000 men of military age among its inhabitants ? They might have destroyed the castle of Abydos by a coup de main , and they might 487 have held the castle of Lestos , where the 200,000 men from Constantinople could not have got at them . But the troops were sent to Alexandria to commit a double breach of alliance , and to incur a double failure . He did not think 5000 men could achieve miracles : he could hardly conceive that 5000 men could open a communication from Chili to Buenos Ayres , over the highest and most impracticable mountains in the world ; but he did think they might have destroyed one small castle by a coup de main , and taken and held another in which no attack could have been made on them.—He again insisted on the insufficiency of the grounds of the Expedition in point of justice and policy , the inadequacy Of the force employed , and the madness of sending a military force to secure a retreat . The return of the troops sent to Alexandria set free a part of the force in Sicily , which was brought to Gibraltar with a view to co-operate in securing the retreat of the royal family of Portugal from Lisbon , but that object was happily effected without the necessity of employing them . He defended himself and his colleagues from taking a forward part in this discussion . He did not see what practical benefit could result from a censure on persons who were no longer in his majesty 's councils ; and he thought it would be injurious to have on the Journals , a resolution reflecting on the honour of the country . If a vote of censure was proposed against ministers in office , supposed to have misconducted themselves , the passing of the resolution might lead to the removal of those ministers . No practical object being likely to be answered by the present motion , and the injurious and unpleasant consequences he had adverted to being likely to arise from the recording of such Resolutions on the Journals , he thought he should best discharge his duty by moving the order of the day . observed , that , gentlemen semed to consider a treaty as binding , notwithstanding any change of circumstances that might arise . Now , he considered that a treaty was only binding as to what was within the purview of that treaty ; a friend might , for instance , become our very worst enemy by change of circumstances . Was it to be supposed , then , that under every circumstance , or whatever might be the conduct of the power to which we were allied , we were still to adhere to it as firmly as if it not only fulfilled