the transaction being pending , any appeal from government to parliament would look as if it were concluded . I shall only state , that in the whole conduct of the British government , with respect to the affair of the Chesapeak , we have endeavoured to keep in view the principle upon which we set out ; namely , to make ample reparation for that which was a decidedly wrong act ; but to make that reparation under a firm determination not to surrender a right which the great majority of the country has ever considered as essential to its dearest interests . Sir , I may boldly appeal to the country to determine whether , from the correspondence on the table of the house , any such disposition on the part of his majesty 's ministers has appeared through the whole transaction . That the rupture of the negociation on this subject was not attended with any hostile feeling on either side is an incontrovertible truth . The reparation was not accepted by America , because America would not fulfil the condition on which alone it was tendered ; namely , the revocation of that proclamation by which British ships were not allowed to enter the harbours of America , while those of the enemy visited them at pleasure . But , sir , the manner in which the British reparation was tendered to America by a special mission , was , to all the feelings of nice honour , an effective reparation ; and so , in fact , we have every reason to believe that it was considered by the American government . With respect , sir , to the embargo , and to the probable effects of the Orders in Council in producing its abandonment , the hon . gent . has misstated my right hon . friend 's propositions . The hon . gent , declares my right hon . friend to have predicted that the Orders in Council would do away the embargo , whereas my right hon . friend only argued , in opposition to the hon . gentlemen on the other side , that the Orders in Council did not produce the embargo ; that they were not substantively known in America when the embargo took place ; and that they were not included in the complaint made by the American government to congress , on which complaint the embargo was founded . 1051 Nor , sir , do I think that the Orders in I Council themselves could have produced any irritation in America . If I were not disposed on this occasion to avoid making any observations that might be suspected of a party feeling , I would say , that I do think the irritation in America may have been produced by the echo of the discussions in this house . Sir , since the return of Mr. Rose , no communication has been made by the American government , in the form of complaint , or remonstrance , or irritation , or of any description whatever ; I mention this particularly , because it is notorious that there have been several arrivals from America , supposed to be of great importance , and that several special messengers have reached this country from thence , after having touched at France . But , sir , if the hon . gent , in the execution of his public duty had thought fit to move for any communications that had been made by the American government since the departure of Mr. Rose , my answer must have been , not that his majesty 's government were disinclined to make them , but that absolutely there were none to make . If it be asked why ? I am unable satisfactorily to reply . I can only conjecure that America has entered into negotiations with France which are expected to lead to some result , and that the communications of America to this country are to be contingent on that result . This , sir , is conjecture alone , but it is founded on the extraordinary circumstance of so many