circumstances of the case particularly called for a separate bill . wished that the Speaker was at liberty to enter into the debate and give some opinion as to the accuracy of the proceedings of the chancellor of the exchequer , but the right hon . gent . had prudently availed himself of the silence imposed upon that great authority by his being placed in the chair : he had valiantly marched to the attack of the battery when the great gun was spiked : for as to the precedents he had produced , he did not think they gave the least support to the correctness of the right hon . gent . 's conduct.—The hon . gent . besought every member who heard him not to be cajoled into the idea that it was the intention or wish of the chancellor of the exchequer that the present bill should pass the house of lords . What was his conduct as minister of the crown ? He came down to the house and moved the passing of a bill , for a grant which he professed to disapprove . Surely , the right hon . gent . placed himself in a very aukward predicament ; for it must be his intention either to cheat the public or to cheat Mr. Palmer . If the grant was an unjust one , he cheated the public ; if the grant was right , by the trick resorted to , to defeat it , he would cheat Mr. Palmer . He was very happy to see an hon . and learned gent . who had been so long absent from the house on account of his indisposition , in his place , as he was sure the name of sir Vicary Gibbs would be added to the supporters of Mr. Palmer 's Claim , as he had the precedent of his predecessor who had also supported it , who acted without the same favourable occurrence of having the late 1042 attorney general to set him the example . The chancellor of the exchequer had said , he was fearful if this grant was included in the Appropriation Act , that the lords might reject the whole bill : but , were his majesty 's ministers weak enough in understanding to imagine such a thing : or were they weak enough in power to allow such a thing ? But , even if they did reject the whole Appropriation bill , that might be recovered , but the honour of the house could never be restored , if Mr. Palmer 's Claim was not discharged . The present motion was for the purpose of entrapping the house , as many hon . members had quitted town under the idea that the business had passed the house and was completely settled . He thought if the right hon . gent . gained the victory , it would be a victory over the house of commons , over the constitution , and whatever of law and justice remained in the house . said , the merits of Mr. Palmer 's case formed no part of the question before the house . The only question was , in what manner the house should carry its decision into effect ? The precedents were not all on one side . There were some for the course proposed by the chancellor of the exchequer , and the house was free to follow the line that should please it . He censured the objection to referring the whole question to the lords , because that house could examine witnesses on oath to the matters of fact . He insisted on the constitutional impropriety of sending the present , business to the lords , otherwise than in a separate bill . denied in his reply , that giving the recommendation of the crown so as to bring a measure under the consideration of the house , implied an obligation to support it in its progress through the house . He also vindicated his conduct in proposing this bill , on the knowledge that the house of lords was examining the agreement with