allow the parishes , any more than individuals , to find substitutes ; for though they would not create so general a competition in the market , they would yet create enough to do mischief . To prevent this evil , he proposed a penalty on the person consenting to be a substitute , and on the parish accepting him . He proposed to 46 give a small bounty of two or three guineas to those who should enter voluntarily , in order to render the compulsory obligation of the law unnecessary . It was intended to submit persons from a certain age to a certain age , to the compulsory obligation of the ballot , and by a little attention to the classes , it would be easy to determine the proper proportion . But it was only in the event of a deficiency of volunteers , that the ballot was to be taken up ; therefore age could not be so well applied , and the state of the volunteer establishment would always be a difficult matter of regulation . It would be better in these circumstances to throw out persons of more advanced age altogether , and then there would be every reason to be sure that the young men would readily take upon them the increased burthen of a larger share in the defence of the country . Looking to a period , when instead of 60,000 , the ballot was to be enforced for a greater number , he proposed that the ages to which it should apply , should be from 18 to 35 , and when a sufficient number of volunteers should not offer , he proposed , that the ballot should apply between these ages . The qualification of officers he looked on as highly important ; and he proposed that the regulations of the militia should be adopted as they now stood . No qualification on this head was required for subalterns . There was a latitude given in the recommendation of captains , if persons qualified could not be found . Field officers would be left as before , and though it was difficult now to get qualified persons to serve , it was to be hoped , that service within the county would be more attractive , and that qualified persons would come forward to undertake it . He would propose , that retired field officers of the line should be elegible , and he was sure it would be considered as a distinction justly due to those officers who had reached that high station.—The next point to which he should call the attention of the house was , that to prevent this Local Militia from interfering either with the regular army or the regular militia , he should propose that no man taking this engagement should , during the four years for which it was intended to last , be debarred from enlisting in the regular army or regular militia at his pleasure . He would , however , on this head propose one limitation in compliment to the commanding officers , to whose feelings it would not be very pleasing to have their 47 men attached by recruiting parties , while embodied for the purpose of discipline . He should , therefore , propose a restraint on their liberty of enlisting , for apart of the time during which they should be embodied . He conceived it possible that volunteer corps might , in many instances , wish to change the terms of their engagements , and to become corps of Local Militia . It was well known that the establishments of some volunteer corps were more expensive than was necessary . This might be expected to produce some embarrassments with respect to funds , which it would be desirable to escape , by turning to a service which required no stock purse . This disposition should be encouraged , because the local militia would be always effective for service ; but otherwise it was the disposition of his majesty 's ministers to give every possible support to the volunteers , considering them , in their present