occasions proceeded in both ways , sometimes by a separate bill , and sometimes by introducing grants of the sort in question into appropriation acts . We will admit , if the hon . gentleman wishes it , that the option between these two ways was in the first instance completely open to the house : but the question for us at present is , whether this option continues open to us now . The great edifice , therefore , of the hon . gent . 's learning , however curious and costly , has 1019 been raised upon grounds not belonging to the question , and will stand him in as little stead as the house of a man , who should have built , unfortunately , upon his neighbour 's land . What is it to us what the house has done , on occasions similar even , if you please , to the present , but where it had not previously made its election , and where accordingly its choice might be free ? We have chosen , and can not now , without the most flagitious injustice , revert to the situation in which we formerly stood . It is needless , therefore , to inquire , what would be the value of the precedents , which the hon . gent . after searching back for near a century , has been thus able to rake together . I should say that out of the whole lot , excepting perhaps the case of captain Roach , there was hardly one of which any use could be made ; and of that or any other that might upon the first view be thought applicable , how little do we know of the circumstances existing at the time , and which might have determined the house to one course or the other ! It is enough for us to know , that the case in which we are called upon to act , is a case already decided , and decided by members now no longer present , and who have retired into the country , not from weariness or idleness , or from motives of liking or convenience , but from a firm and just persuasion that all the material business of the session , and unquestionably this part of it , was at an end ; and who will feel good reason to complain , ( as tile house collectively and the country will have reason to complain ) , if , the moment they have turned their backs , the whole of what had been done in their presence , and which every one then considered as final , should be thus fraudulently and surreptitiously reversed . Never was there surely such a proceeding attempted , except one , and that , one should have thought , not of a sort which would have been resorted to as a precedent , the change I mean , which was made in the mode of proceeding against lord Melville . The sentiments excited on that occasion , were not of a sort to give much encouragement to those who might wish to have recourse to a similar expedient . I was as strong an advocate as any one for referring the trial of that noble lord , to the tribunal of the house of peers ; but the act by which the house of commons changed its decision in that respect , and by trick and surprize recurred to impeachment after having formally and in a full house resolved upon 1020 another course of trial , was in my opinion a most scandalous proceeding , and was one accordingly which I opposed at the time to the utmost of my power . The objection is in one respect more strong in the present instance : because never surely was there a question on which the sense of the house was more fairly taken . What possible idea can honourable gentlemen have , when they talk of this as a party question ? A question does not become a party question merely because members of a particular party