importation of grain . He objected to the bill , as tending to lessen the cultivation of grain , and to render the operations of agriculture unsteady and fluctuating . The distilleries , besides , had already stopped , 1000 and no more grain of the produce of the last harvest would be distilled ; the deficiency therefore in the last harvest could be no ground for the bill ; it must apply to the ensuing harvest , and of that there was at present the fairest prospect ; Conceiving the bill to be an unnecessary interference with the agriculture of the country , he must oppose it . had heard nothing to induce him to withdraw that support which he intended to give to the present bill . He could see no reason why , it the quantity of grain consumed in a year of plenty , for purposes different from necessary sustenance , was to come in aid of a year of scarcity , it might not also come in aid of a deficiency of importation . The great object in this case was the relief of the West India interest , now in a state of great distress , and to prevent that ruin in which they must be involved if something was not done to take off a part of that pressure which weighed so heavily upon them . If this could be done , as he contended it could , not only without injuring the interests of agriculture , but with ultimate benefit to those interests , as the West India Islands must , in the present state of affairs , be in a great measure dependant upon this country for provisions ; and if some relief was afforded in the present instance , those connected with them would be the better enabled to purchase supplies , he saw no reason why the present measure should not be carried into effect , merely because it was contrary to a general principle . thought it impolitic to interfere with the agriculture of the country . Let every thing be left to price , and that would be found a much better regulator of the amount of the supply in the market , than any legislative measure . He could not agree with the policy of sacrificing one interest for the benefit of another ; it was much better , in his opinion , that competition should be left to its effect . With respect to the West India interest , he thought it would be much better to resort to other measures of a more permanent nature for their relief . had not heard any necessity shewn for the present measure ; nor could he agree , that the West India interest ought to be relieved at the expence of the agricultural interests of the country . With respect to importation of grain , he was of opinion , that the land now in cultivation would , if properly managed , 1001 produce a sufficient supply without the necessity of importation . did not think the agricultural interests of the country would be injured by the present measure , and he could not help thinking it hard upon the West India interest , if , whilst compelled to bring their sugar to this country , they should be precluded from the means , which would be afforded by this measure , of disposing of a part of that produce . urged the deficiency in the supply of oats and barley in Scotland , as a strong ground for the present measure . contended that the Report of the committee of the house of commons on this subject , did not clearly state the grounds on which the present measure was founded . He condemned the principle of sacrificing the interests of the grower of barley to the grower of sugar , observing that the same principle might be extended in a most injurious manner to different trades and manufactures , and contended , that the throwing back upon the market the quantity of barley which would otherwise be consumed in the distilleries , would necessarily cause