a great diminution of price , and greatly injure the agricultural interests of the country . contended that the agricultural interests of the country , who were already protected by law in the price fixed , until which , no importation of grain could take place , had no right to complain of the relief now wished to be afforded to another great interest of the country . No one could be more convinced than himself of the importance of supporting the agriculture of the country ; he had always considered the agriculture and the navigation of the country , as the two great leading interests on which the prosperity of the country rested . In this case , however , the interests of the whole community required that means should be adopted to prevent the evil consequences of a deficiency of grain arising from there being no importation , and though at present there was every prospect of an abundant harvest , still it should be recollected that the critical period with respect to the future hopes of that harvest had not yet passed . It was in this point of view , added to the actual deficiency which existed in Scotland and Ireland , that he supported the present measure.—The Bill was then read a second time . pursuant to his notice , proceeded to call the attention of the house to the subject of Army Clothing . The object of his motion he would frankly state at the outset to be , to save an useless expenditure of the public money , by substituting public contract in the place of private , though , as he should afterwards prove , the system of private contract had received such avowed encouragement from the illustrious personage at the head of the army , and from his majesty 's present Secretary at War . He would , before he sat down , prove to the house that the public money had been extravagantly wasted by this system of private contract . It appeared from a letter , signed 'William Merry , ' and dated the 2d of July , 1803 , that the government had at that time contracted that the army should be supplied with great-coats at the rate of 16s.6d . per coat , but that price was then acceded to , upon the condition stated in a letter from the then Secretary at War ( Mr. Yorke ) , that the price per coat then agreed to be given should be reduced in proportion to the reduction of the then price of kersey . Now , he was prepared to prove incontrovertibly to the house , that the price of kersey had been reduced since that period , gradually and considerably , and that the primitive charge of 16s . 6d . per coat had not been at all abated till Feb. last . The decrease of the price of kersey had been from 1804 to the year 1807 , in the following proportion : in Dec. 1804 , kersey was at the rate of 4s . 6d . per yard ; in Dec. 1805 , it fell to 4s . 4d . per yard ; in Dec. 1806 , it sold at the rate of 4s . 2d . per yard ; and in Dec. 1807 , it was so low as 3s . 6d . per yard ; and notwithstanding the proviso insisted on in the letter of Mr. Yorke , still was the public paying for every great coat at the original rate of 16s . 6d . per coat , though the rates by which the price was to be measured had fallen from 4s . 6d . to 3s . 6d . per yard . This he could prove by the testimony of the most respectable clothiers in the country . He held in his hand a calculation he had made of the loss the public had , within the short space of three years , sustained by the non-enforcement of the proviso laid down by Mr. Yorke , namely , the reduction of the charge per coat , in proportion to