be named by such proprietor ; or for a life annuity during the continuance of the lives of two persons , to be named by such proprietor , and of the life of the longer liver of such two nominees . 2 . That , in order to give effect to the aforegoing resolution , every proprietor of three per cent . consolidated or reduced bank annuities , who shall be desirous of exchanging any such bank annuities for a life annuity on the continuance of a single life , shall , on transferring to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt any such batik annuities , be entitled , during the continuance of his or her life , or of the life of some other person to be named by him or her , to receive ( under such regulations as parliament may deem it expedient to adopt ) for every 100l . of such bank annuities , and so in proportion for any greater sum than 100l . of such annuities , transferred to the said commissioners , a life annuity of such annual amount , according to the age of the nominee , and the average price of such bank annuities on the nearest open day preceding the day of the transfer thereof , as is specified in the following table . ( This table is printing . ) 3 . `` That , 266 in order to give further effect to the aforegoing resolution , every proprietor of 3l . per cent . consolidated or reduced bank annuities , who shall be desirous of exchanging any such bank annuities for a life annuity in the continuance of the lives of two persons , to be named by such proprietor ( of whom such proprietor may be one ) , and the life of the longer liver of them , shall on transferring to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt any such bank annuities , be entitled , during the continuance of such two lives , and of the life of the longer liver of them , to receive ( under such regulations as parliament may deem it expedient to adopt ) for every 100l . of such bank annuities , and so in proportion for any greater sum than 100l . of such annuities tranferred to the said commissioners , a life annuity of such annual amount , according to the respective ages of such two nominees and the average price of such bank annuities on the nearest open day preceding the day of the transfer thereof , as is specified in the following tables . ( These tables are printing . ) 4 . That no person shall be admitted to be a nominee , either for the grant of an annuity for the continuance of a single life , or for the grant of an annuity for the continuance of two lives and of the longer liver of them , who shall be under the age of thirty-five years . 5 . That the dividends payable in respect of the bank annuities , which shall be transferred to the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt , in exchange for life annuities , shall be received by the said commissioners , and shall constitute a part of the funds applicable to the reduction of the national debt ; and that out of the said funds applicable to the reduction of the national debt , the said commissioners shall pay the respective life annuities granted in exchange for such bank annuities , during the continuance of the respective lives for which the same shall be payable ; and that the said respective life annuities shall be payable half-yearly at the bank of England , on the same days on which the dividends on the stock transferred for the purchase thereof , may be payable in every year ; that the first payment of every annuity shall commence on the same day on which the first dividend on the bank annuities so transferred shall be payable to the said commissioners ; and that upon the death of any single nominee