of this bill in the severest terms . It went to oppress those who were already labouring under circumstances of distress and difficulty , by increasing the duties on deeds of conveyance , which besides must fall with peculiar hardship on the proprietors of land . The bill would also severely affect attorneys , and he should never approve of any principle of taxation that tended to press with peculiar weight on any particular class of the community . observed , that under the urgent exigencies of the present moment , it was necessary to have recourse to every possible source of revenue . The principle of the present bill had long been acknowledged and acted upon by parliament , and the increase of the duties in the present instance was only a further extension of that principle . That principle did not bear harder on the landed than on the commercial interest ; on the contrary , it must weigh heavier on the latter than on the former , as transfers of property were more frequent among commercial men than among landed proprietors . It moreover would operate equally on the buyer and the seller . and Lauderdale contended , on the contrary , that the hardships of the increased duty would fall almost entirely on the seller , who , from urgent circumstances was compelled to transfer his properly . Indeed , the principle of the bill was in every respect iniquitous and unjust.—After a few words from lord Hawkesbury , the house resolved itself into a committee , en the bill ; after which , the report was received , and the bill was ordered to be read a third time to-morrow . rose to put a question to the 1097 right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , on a subject to which he had long since called the attention of the house , and the prosecution of which he had on that occasion relinquished , in consequence of an assurance given to him and to the public , that the proper steps were in train for procuring justice to the public . The subject he alluded to was , the matter of one of the Reports of the commissioners of Military Inquiry , respecting the conduct of Mr. Alexander Davison . It was now nearly twelve months since he had received the assurance that proper measures were to be pursued on this head , and yet all that the house knew at present was , that an inquiry had been instituted , and it was manifest that very great irregularities , to say the least , had been committed . The question he had to put was , to ascertain by the answer , to what extent the measures , which it might have been desirable to resort to , had been acted upon . If the answer he should receive should not prove satisfactory to him , he should feel it his duty , in an early part of the next session , to bring the subject in some shape or other before the house . He had but one more observation to add to what had been stated , and which was rather of a nature personal to himself . It had been intimated to him from several quarters , that , if he had not taken up the matter , it would have been in the hands of others , who would not have lost sight of it , and consequently he was bound to bring it under the consideration of the house . could not have the smallest objection to the production of the fullest information on the subject of the inquiry to which the noble lord had alluded . The noble lord could not be unaware that a parliamentary commission had been appointed , to whom the whole of Mr. Davison 's accounts had , in consequence , been referred . That commission had from time to time made Reports upon the subject of the inquiry intrusted to them , to the Treasury , which regularly submitted these Reports to the law advisers of the crown for their opinion