several memorials were presented to the treasury , and amongst others one by sir Home Popham . This memorial stated , that the vessel had been condemned on account of the illegality of the traffic , of which he , sir Home Popham , was not aware when he engaged in it , but that he believed it to be innocent and legal ; that he was well known to lord Cornwallis and received at his table ; and that he was in habits of intimacy with Mr. Stuart , who acted as governor in lord Cornwallis 's absence ; that the trade was carried on with the knowledge and under the apparent sanction of the servants of the Company.—Of the testimony of that revered nobleman here alluded to , we are deprived by his much to be lamented death ; but , sir , I can not without indignation see his name aspersed . [ Here Mr. Lushington was called to order by Mr. Dent , but desired by the Speaker to proceed . ] Amongst all the great and eminent qualities which adorned his cha- 729 racter , none were mote conspicuous than his spotless and unblemished integrity . Sir , had the marquis Cornwallis had the inclination , he had not the power to sanction this trade . The king himself can not dispense with the laws of the land , and who will say , that any inferior authority shall possess that power . But , sir , I leave the question to the house , which shall have the greater weight , the assertion of the hon . capt . after the facts I have proved , after his statements in his affidavit , or the character of marquis Cornwallis ? If , however , sir , we can not have the testimony of marquis Cornwallis , Mr. Stuart is still alive . He was in habits of intimacy with the hon . capt . : he no doubt will come forward and corroborate all his assertions : he will vindicate the character of sir Home Popham , and clearly prove the sanction of the servants of the Company to this trade . I have the honour of some acquaintance with Mr. Stuart , and with the leave of the house will read a letter , which I received from him in answer to my inquiries on this head , which I accompanied with a copy of the papers which have been laid before the house.— ' My dear sir , I have been favoured with your letter of the 20th . Sir Home Popham and his supporters , it is to be hoped , will be able to establish some better grounds of defence than that the acts of mere civility to him as a stranger are to be perverted into an apparent sanction of an illegal traffic ! I knew capt . Popham in India merely as a naval officer who not chusing to be idle in the time of peace had obtained permission from the Admiralty to sail to India , with a view , it was understood , of improving himself in his profession . I know that he commanded the ship Etrusco , which sailed under Imperial colours , and from his having made some useful surveys in the Bay of Bengal and the Ganges , it is very probable that I did sometimes invite him to dine with me ; but I can not boast , of any intimacy ever having subsisted between us ; and as to his commercial concerns , I know nothing at all of them . There is no occasion , my dear sir , for any apology ; for as I am not conscious of having given any sanction to illegal traffic in India by the civilities shewn to capt . Popham , I can not suppose that he or his friends will attempt , to rest his defence upon so baseless a structure . I remain yours , & c. Charles STUART'.—Now , sir , I will undertake to prove , that though the hon . capt . has as- 730 serted that