always admitted them to take ? or do you make the experiment at the very instant of danger ? 'Secanda marmora Locas sub ipsum furens , et sepulchri Immemor , struis domos . ' In what I have said , I have not been so much actuated by the hope of producing a conviction , which , if any thing can , the speech of the right hon . member must have done ; but from a desire to evince , at least the respect I feel for the wishes of a fourth part of our fellow-subjects who are still without the pale of the constitution , and the desire I have of leaving no distinction in the state , but between the friends and enemies of the country . observed , that as a noble viscount near him ( lord Pollington ) had been the only speaker who had , as yet , in the course of the debate , expressed any apprehension of the danger of the proposed concessions , he trusted his lordship 's mind would be greatly relieved by adverting to the numerous authorities which had been cited in favour of the principles of Roman Catholics ; and , on a question , of this nature ; he trusted that the house would be of opinion that those authorities had a claim to particular attention , which were derived from distinguished prelates of the established church . Sir J. H. then quoted a passage from the bishop of Landaff 's preface to his Theological Collections : 'The ruling powers , in 'Protestant and Catholic states , ' says his lordship , 'begin , at length , every where 'to perceive , that an uniformity of senti-'ments in matters of religion , is a circum- 596 'stance impossible to be obtained . They perceive too , that a diversity of religious opinions may subsist among the subjects of the same state , without endangering the commonwealth ; and they begin to think it reasonable , that no man should be abridged in the exercise of natural rights , on the score of religion . Again , the same venerable prelate has said , in his publication intitled , ' A Speech intended to have been spoken in the House of Lords , on the 28th of November , 1803 . 'If any 'one should contend , that this is not the 'time for government to make concessions 'to Ireland , I wish him to consider whe-'ther there is any time in which it is im-'proper for either individuals or nations to 'do justice ; —any season improper for ex-'tinguishing animosity ; any occasion 'more suitable than the present , for put-'ting an end to heart-burnings and inter-'nal discontent ? '—The late Dr. Horsley , bishop of St. Asaph , in the debate on the Catholic Petition , in 1805 , observed , * ' I do not hold that there is any thing in 'the Roman Catholic religion at variance 'with the principles of loyalty . I do not 'believe that any Roman Catholic of the 'present day thinks himself at liberty not 'to keep faith with heretics , not bound by 'his oath to a Protestant government , or 'that the Pope can release him from the 'obligation of his oath of allegiance to his 'sovereign . I had ' said his lordship , ' a 'perfect knowledge of the questions pro-'posed , and the answers returned by the 'foreign universities , in which those abo-'minable principles ' [ the deposing and dispensing power ] 'were most com-'plctely and unanimously reprobated by 'those learned bodies to which the qucs-'tions were propounded , and I am per-'suaded the Roman Catholics are sincere 'in their disavowal and abjuration of those 'pernicious maxims . I hold that the 'Roman Catholics of this country are 'dutiful and loyal subjects of his majesty . '—Sir J. H. then adverted to a Charge delivered to the clergy of his diocese by the bishop of Norwich , in 1806 , in which that learned prelate most justly and liberally observed , speaking of the Catholics , 'That 'their conduct , and the unequivocal