memory of that illustrious statesman ( Mr. Pitt ) by whom this question had been previously disposed of , the noble lord said , he should feel himself bound to oppose this bill.—The noble lord then proceeded to comment very largely upon the printed evidence , and contended that Mr. Palmer had forfeited all pretension to the original bargain , and that , by his acceptance of the 3,000l . a year , he had yielded up his Claim . Upon a mature consideration of the case , therefore , he could not , consistently with his duty , or the respect he owed the character of Mr. Pitt , act otherwise than oppose any further entertainment of this bill . —I shall not attempt to say that all the minutiæ of the Evidence of this elaborate case are now fresh in my memory , but , my lords , here is the Opinion given by me in my professional capacity some years since ; and thus far I will say , that this Opinion was formed and delivered upon the most strict investigation , and the most serious and patient consideration ; and I will pledge my honour as a peer , and my character as a lawyer , on the soundness of its basis and the correctness of its doctrine . And I am the more convinced of its justice when I see subscribed to it the names of such great men , that I hardly dare name myself in comparison . My lords , here is the opinion of my lord Mansfield , one of the judges . And I most solemnly declare that I wish Mr. Palmer might stand or fall by the opinion of the other eleven . I am confident that very few of the noble lords , who oppose this bill , know any of the facts relating to its merits , and I almost fear that they have been prejudiced and are determined to act according to the dictates of that prejudice : I do , therefore , conjure the noble lords not to treat a 970 measure of such consequence as this is , with so much injustice , as to declare their opinion without knowing what the materials are on which it should be built . For though it looks very well to see noble lords coming to the house with blue books [ the Evidence printed was bound in blue ] under their arms , yet it is not the having the books under their arms that will convey the contents to their heads . How should their lordships be conversant with a mass of papers which they have scarcely had time to open ? For myself , I have not yet received it , and the only notice that has been given me , has been by a Circular Letter from the honourable mover of this Claim in the other house , entreating me , in common with the rest of your lordships , not to decide upon this case , without understanding its merits and reading the whole of the Evidence laid before me . Can any noble lord reconcile it to his conscience to turn a deaf ear to such an appeal to his justice and liberality ? I shall therefore certainly support the motion of adjournment . Mr. Palmer is accused of misconduct in his official situation . Now , where is the evidence to support such a charge ? There is not one tittle to justify even a supposition of such a nature : on the contrary , the whole of the Evidence proves Mr. Palmer 's conduct throughout , to have been that of an honest man.— Some of the noble lords say that Mr. Palmer , by accepting the 3,000l . per annum , gave up his claim to the original stipulations . Now , that Mr. Palmer never considered it in that light is indisputably proved by the Evidence and his letter written at the time to a noble lord ( earl Camden . ) And from Mr. Pitt 's own . conduct , it is evident he never considered the