was for the subversion of the Mahomedan religion . It is solely to be attributed to the divine goodness , that the prayers of us sinners have been accepted ; believe it true that I from , my heart desire the welfare of the sultan . Three days afterwards , when lord Cornwallis and sir W. Medows were present with the vakeels , Wallajah took occasion to observe , that we ( the vakeels ) considered him to have been an enemy ; whereas he declared in the presence of God that he was not , and is not ; that on the contrary he was a friend and well-wisher ; and that he had opposed the breach between your majesty and the allied states to such a degree , that every one decided in his own mind that inwardly your majesty and his highness were one ; and he desired us to ask lord Cornwallis and sir W. Medows , who were present , whether he said true or not . Every person acquainted with the situation of Wallajah , knows that he did oppose the war , and the cause of that opposition . We know he feared , if war did take place , that lord Cornwallis would be necessitated to assume the temporary possession of the Carnatic ; and rather than this should happen , Wallajah was perfectly willing and anxious ' that the rajah of Travaneore , like himself a helpless ally of our government , should be abandoned by the British government to the violence of Tippoo . Let those who are acquainted with the mind of lord Cornwallis judge what would have been his feelings , if Wallajah had told the vakeels of Tippoo in his lordship 's presence , that he had attacked their 789 master , not in defence of the rajah of Travaneore , but to subvert the Mahomedan religion . This communication was however made by Wallajah , but to the vakeels in secret , not in the presence or with the knowledge of lord Cornwallis ; far therefore from considering the offensive nature of the first speech to the vakeels on the 10th of June , as done away by that made in the presence of lord Cornwallis on the 13th of June , or that any part of the criminality of the whole of this correspondence is explained by any communication that took place with the knowledge of lord Cornwallis , it appears to me that the reference made to lord Cornwallis and general Medows in the presence of the vakeels , was one of those studied contrivances in which his highness was so fertile , and by which he endeavoured to gain , by general professions of friendship for Tippoo in the hearing of lord Cornwallis , the confidence of the vakeels in his previous defamation of his lordship 's motives for entering into the war . In the few remarks which the hon . baronet bestowed upon the cypher , he declared that the use of such instruments was a common occurrence in India ; and that it was impossible to conceive a cypher like this , so simple and limited in its expressions , capable of being intended or used for any treacherous or hostile purpose . I certainly differ entirely from the hon . baronet in his opinion of the frequent use of cyphers of this description in India ; in the affairs of private life such instruments never are used , and even in political transactions the use of a cypher is a very rare occurrence . But the hon . baronet would prove nothing by-proving the use of such cyphers in political correspondence in India , because Wallajah and Omdut ul Onirah were wisely interdicted by the treaty of 1792 ( as they had been by the treaty of 1787 ) from entering into any negotiations or political correspondence with any European or native powers without the consent of the said Company . ' It has , however , been suggested , that this cypher was intended to conduct a marriage between the families of Tippoo and Wallajah . I will