Sir , were I desirous to make the decision of this right subservient to a party purpose , or most effectually to injure the character of his majesty 's ministers , I should have acquiesced in the course they proposed , of suffering the question to have gone to a vote , without a word being offered in resistance to the prayer of the petition . I should have suffered them to send back the petition , loaded with the contumely of being considered unworthy of discussion ; thus adding insult to injury . But , sir , if respect towards the petitioners , or the house , can not extort an argument , at least decency towards those , on whose implicit support they reckon for resistance to this petition , should induce some attempt at justification for the vote they require.—By the principles of a period , to which they are fond of referring , ( that of the settlement of the crown ) those , who hold offices or emoluments under the crown , are excluded from sitting in the commons ; and if , by a species of collusion , they are now allowed to do so , the constitution supposes it to be , for the purpose of explaining and justifying their acts as ministers , and the advice they shall give their sovereign . If , upon important occasions , they shall refuse to do so , and than the present there can not be one more important ; if , on a wanton reduction by them of the means of religious instruction to the people , as in the Maynooth grant ; if , on a petition stating the just claims of four millions of our fellow subjects , they are safe in treating such subjects , and the representations of the people , with contemptuous silence ; what is the inevitable inference , which the advocates of parliamentary reform will draw ; `` To such a State is the house of commons reduced , that , even when the interests of millions , and perhaps the security of the country , are concerned , ministers can command a majority , without condescending to offer a word of argument or explanation . '' But , though ministers will not speak , I suppose it is intended to imply much from their mysterious silence . We must resort to 580 other means to discover what they think . It is supposed that certain insurmountable obstacles stand in the way of this petition . As a member of parliament , I can acknowledge no such obstacles , certainly now , for which ministers are not accountable . We have also heard , at other times , a sort of general statement , that some principles of the constitution , as established at various periods , necessarily exclude the petitioners from what they ask . These eras are the Reformation , the Revolution , and the Union . With respect to the latter , we can resort to no authority so conclusive , as to the author of that measure : and on this point I am most anxious , and , in a great degree , from motives of a personal nature , that the clearest explanation should take place . Having been one of those who zealously supported the union , as a refuge from the calamities under which Ireland so long suffered from religious differences , I may be allowed to feel peculiar interest on those points , to which I looked , not only as the desirable , but as the necessary results of that compact ; without which it can not be effectual ; and on the ultimate attainment of which it must depend , whether I can justify , or must curse the day , on which I voted for that union . In appealing to this house , I felt that we referred the Catholic , not only to an enlightened and more impartial and authoritative assembly , but to one , in which the uncontradicted sentiments of all parties were amicable to their claims . Certainly it was