that a state of war exists betwen Spain and Great Britain . We shall proceed upon the principle , that any nation of Europe that starts up with a determination to oppose a 891 power which , whether professing insidious peace or declaring open war , is the common enemy of all nations , whatever may be the existing political relations of that nation with Great Britain , becomes instantly our essential ally . In that event his majesty 's ministers will have three objects in view . The first , to direct the united efforts of the two countries against the common foe ; the second , to direct those efforts in a way which shall be most beneficial to the new ally ; the third , to direct them in a manner conducive to peculiarly British interests . But , sir , of those objects , the last will be out of the question as compared with the other two . These are the sentiments with which his majesty 's government are inspired . To the measures which these sentiments may dictate , they confidently look for the support of parliament and of the country . It can not , sir , be expected that I should say whether we think the crisis arrived , or whether we anticipate its speedy approach , when the sentiments which I have described must be called into action . It is sufficient that I have stated what we feel , and what we intend . For the reasons , sir , which I hare before mentioned , I am compelled to dissent from my right hon . friend 's motion . perfectly agreed with the right hon . gent . in the objections he had made to the motion of his right hon . friend , and early foresaw those objections . He thought there was much of the information sought for that they could not grant ; and of the little they had , perhaps none that it would be prudent to communicate . In such circumstances , neither he , nor any man as ignorant upon the subject as he acknowledged himself to be , could attempt to advise his majesty 's ministers what course to pursue , when their course was ultimately to be regulated by that information of which they were exclusively possessed . He therefore could not divine the object of the motion of his right hon . friend . He denied , for himself , that it would operate upon him as a pledge of his future opinions upon the conduct of his majesty 's ministers in this important crisis ; as , until he had witnessed it , he could not possibly judge of it . as his right hon . friend had devoted the greater part of the exordium of his speech upon him , hoped he should be allowed to say a very few words . In the first place , his right hon . friend had mistaken him , when he had represented him as anxious to load ministers with all 892 the responsibility of acting in the present instance , and not willing to share in that responsibility . He had not expressed any such sentiment : but though his right hon . friend had done so much justice to his private probity , he had accused him of pertinacity . He should certainly , in the present instance , so far adhere to this pertinacity , that , as he had uniformly arraigned the measures of the present administration since they came into office , as he had uniformly distrusted and doubted them , he should not now begin to give them gratuitously his confidence upon a great and most important crisis . At the same time , he was positively against giving the information required . He had been often reproved as a man too prompt in calling for information : in the present case , he knew how to draw the line . It was , however , a topic of national feeling ; and he was well aware , when his right hon . friend ,