forward their claims against the Protestant feelings . I will appeal even to the gentlemen on the other side , whether the public dangers are not now of greater magnitude than at any former period at which this question was agitated ? They say that the policy of the question is varying every day , and that different measures ought to be adopted . Was not the same argument applicable when they abandoned their own bill ? Thus they argue against their own conduct , and contend that other modes should be followed than those which they practised while in the ministry . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham , ) has also loudly declaimed against recrimination , and yet his whole speech was a desperate attack upon my right hon . friend . The right hon . gent . however , ought to consider his own case before he attacked others : he ought to look at home before he threw stones . It is hard , that steady men , such as myself and my hon . friends , should be so treated by those who are themselves so inconsistent . I can not now , more than formerly , reconcile it to any principle of duty or consistency , to lend my support to this measure . On the contrary , I think it my duty to discourage the entertaining this question , which can be productive of no one good object , but may occasion much mischief to the country . , in explanation , said , that the change which he referred to was , in the feelings of many of the Irish Protestants on this subject . He had not used any argument to reconcile his own conduct with respect to the question , nor had he thought any was wanted . When he and his friends attempted to keep back the subject , they had done it in a way the most conciliating to the Irish Catholics ; and if the question should be pressed , they had reserved to themselves a right to speak and vote upon it , as they had ever done . .—Sir , I entirely concur with the right hon . gent , on the opposite side , who has recommended us to follow the temperate example of the eloquent mover of the question ; but I am sorry to say , I do not t : ink his friends seem to have profited by his admonition . If he 592 meant by 'temperate ' that we should allow much to the feelings of the parties now before us , that we should use towards Ireland a conciliatory tone , if we did not give her satisfactory redress , it was somewhat strange to receive her complaints not with arguments , not with reason , but by contemptuous silence . Whatever may be my opinion respecting that country , I can not bring myself to adopt that system , actuated as I am by a feeling of public duty and of public exigency ; but if I had not such powerful reasons to stimulate me , yet there is one observation , which I have heard in the course of this debate , which imperiously calls for an early refutation . The observation was directed to the supposed inconsistency of the late administration . It was asked , why they now brought forward a question which they had abandoned when in power ? Why , sir , they did not bring it forward then , nor do they bring it forward now—no party or individual in this house has brought it forward—the petitions , of a whole people , now upon your table , bring it forward ; and if the noble lord would be particularly gratified by it , I would tell him they neither felt nor expressed a wish that it should be brought forward . But though , looking to the probability of its progress , they could not advise its being presented , they might still consider themselves , as honourable men , bound not to fly from a principle they