one army would scarcely be felt by France , but the success of that army would be the absolute ruin of this country . To meet such dangers , he thought a system should be immediately adopted to strengthen and fortify the country itself , as well as to prepare the best means of bringing up its whole force to oppose the enemy . It was well known that vast sums of money had been granted for fortifications , and he should feel it his duty next session to move for a Secret Committee , to examine in what manner those sums had been expended . As to the defence of the coast , he believed the coasts of Kent and Sussex were pretty well protected ; but he wished to know why the coasts of Essex and Suffolk were not equally fortified . He thought that the entire coast from Portsmouth to Yarmouth , including these towns , should be put in a perfect state of defence . Neither should the western coast of England , or the coast of Scotland be neglected . The French had put almost the whole of their coast in such a state of fortification , that a boat could hardly pass any where without meeting obstruction from some battery . The communication with Ireland should also be attended to , and the enemy should never be allowed , as was the case about the time of the Union , to cruize in the narrow part between the two islands.—He should next advert to the internal defence of the country , and in , the first place of its capital . It was well known , that at the commencement of the war , he had delivered his opinion against fortifying London . Austria was , however , at that time unbroken ; Prussia was powerful ; and the colossal power of Russia had not been brought to the test . This opinion was , however , now entirely changed with the circumstances of the times . Now that Austria was in chains , and dared not look her conqueror in the face ; 953 now that Prussia had vanished from the earth , and the weakness of the colossal power of Russia had been proved , he thought that measures ought to be taken for securing the capital by fortifications , which , defended by the physical force of London , might stop an enemy , at least until our main force could come up . He thought the strong passes in Kent and Sussex should now be fortified , so as to afford strong positions to our armies . He thought that equal pains should be taken to defend the approaches to London through Suffolk and Essex ; but that if , after all , London should be taken , the country ought not to be given up . He should , even then , think that the heart of the country , which he considered to be on the banks of the Severn , the Trent and the Mersey , should still be defended , and the communication being kept up with Ireland , might supply fresh armies to fight the last battle for the defence of the country . He considered fortifications as absolutely necessary for the defence of any country , and very often the principal cause of its success in war . It was from the care that Lewis the 14th had taken to secure the frontiers of France with impregnable fortresses , that the expedition commanded by the duke of Brunswick so completely failed . Buonaparte knew so well the value of fortifications , that in his most successful campaigns he took care to secure himself , every step that he advanced , by such means . He thought the fort of Brannau of such importance , that he would not surrender it to Austria until the war with Russia and Prussia was finished ; neither would he permit Austria now to raise fresh fortifications . He thought the disasters which Austria had met with proceeded in a great measure from the want of fortifications ; and