of having only 3 weeks provisions on board ; and it was not till the 12th that supplies arrived , at a time when he had only 13 days provisions on board . Now , he would put it to the house , whether it was fitting , that any squadron should be allowed to be so much reduced in indispensable necessaries ? If the Rochfort squadron had put to sea at that time , sir R. Strachan could not have gone in pursuit of them to any distance , even though he had been aware of the direction in which they had sailed . Prom the 12th to the 19th of Jan. the weather was so bad that the Mediator could not be cleared till the 19th ; and the Rochfort squadron had been already seen at sea by the Phoenix on the 17th , sir R. Strachan being entirely ignorant of it for some days afterwards . It appeared from the papers , that sir Richard was in distress for provisions , particularly for water , so early as the 1st of Dec. and that he was even then complaining of a want of cables , sails , and anchors . From this the hon . gent . inferred , that his leaving Basque roads , the situation of all others the most favourable for keeping up the blockade of the port of Rochfort , was to be ascribed to the reduced state of the necessaries on board the squadron , and that he had stood out from Rochebonnes to see if he might chance to fall in with any of the victuallers that were sent out to him . As a further proof that this was his motive in leaving his station , immediately after clearing the Mediator , sir Richard writes , that he was using his utmost endeavours to regain his station.—Mr . Calcraft next stated the course which he meant to adopt . His intention was to move a number of Resolutions containing a recital of facts , which he meant to follow up with a Resolution of censure upon the conduct of the board of admiralty ; reserving to himself however the power of withdrawing this last Resolution , should he find it to be the sense of the house , that the case was not clearly made out which he meant to prove . It was possible that the papers now on the table of the house , left the case in some measure defective ; but he pledged himself to be able to make it out completely to the satisfaction of every candid and impartial man , if he were permitted to ex- 134 amine at the bar of the house some of the officers belonging to the squadron . The Resolutions which he meant to propose , he had communicated a week ago to the hon . secretary to the admiralty , as their tendency certainly was to bring a serious accusation against that department , and he always wished to do to others as he would wish to be done by . The hon . gent , concluded with moving the following Resolutions ; which he said , if assented to by the house , he should then follow up by a motion of censure upon the board of admiralty . 1 . `` That it appears to this house , that on the 30th of Oct. 1807 , admiral lord Gardner called the attention of the board of admiralty to the squadron off Rochfort , under the command of rear-admiral sir R. Strachan , by informing their lordships he had ordered the Conqueror , after refitting and replenishing at Cawsand bay , to relieve one of the ships on that station . 2 . That on the 1st of Dec. 1807 , the squadron off Rochfort , under the command of sir R. Strachan , consisted of the following ships : Cæsar , 80 guns , sailed from Plymouth 13th Oct. ; Spartiate , 80 guns , sailed from Portsmouth 14th Sept. ; Impetueux , 74 guns , sailed from Portsmouth 4th June ; Donegal , 74 guns