was no more than the officer commanding could easily manage , might admit 50,000 additional men . It would be a great advantage that this number of men should be ready trained , 43 without any occasion to ballot for them . They should be regarded as an army of reserve , to be made use of only in cases of great emergency . There would be no occasion to have recourse to the parish officers ; the men would be always ready , when a Local Militia should afford such facilities of general training , and the men so trained would be an acquisition to the regiments they might join . It would be sufficient training to drill the men 48 days near their homes , according to the system of the militia in time of peace , and to have them embodied 21 days in their own counties . A measure of this kind would have such an effect on the recruiting of the regular army , that the most ample reliance might be placed on its effects in any circumstances . It was not necessary to have recourse to it immediately , but it might be regarded as a sure recourse in reserve . Now , with respect to the volunteers , he was prepared to state as his own opinion , as well as that of his majesty 's ministers , that as long as the volunteers could with convenience give their services to the country , with that degree of military efficiency which they at present possessed , government would not desire any more effectual force . But , it was essential to fix and organize a permanent force , which would always subsist to the same amount . Looking to the regulars and militia as the first line , and the volunteers as the second line , it was necessary to have a regimented force as a third line , and the point now to be considered was , what amount of force of this kind it was necessary to have , in order to fill up the deficiencies that might arise in the volunteer establishments . With respect to the proportion of this regimental training , some thought it ought to go to a much larger extent than was ever proposed before . But , when the nature and amount of the existing regular force was examined comparatively , with the training to be instituted with a view to its aid , there was reason to conclude , that the amount proposed by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Yorke ) for the limitation of the volunteers , that was , six times the militia , would afford ample foundation for a permanent subsidiary establishment . An increase might be made if circumstances required it , but it was unnecessary to burthen the country ; in the first instance , six times the number of the militia would be for Great Britain only 330,000 men . The number of effective volunteers in Ireland was close on 70,000 . Under this plan , 44 there would be therefore a depot of 400,000 , ready at a moment 's notice to fall into the regiments of the line and the militia , according as they might be wanted to make them up . According to the last returns , the effective force of the volunteers in Great Britain was 290,000 . There were actually under arms at the last inspection 240,000 . The report of their discipline was highly favourable , and they were declared fully capable of acting with the line . He knew the right hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Windham ) , thought the volunteers not fit to be seen in company with the militia ; but others thought differently , and he agreed with them . When the gross amount of the effective volunteers was compared with six times the amount of the militia , there was found a deficiency of 30,000 on the aggregate . But when this deficiency came to be subdivided , there was found an inequality , some of the counties being more deficient and