Palmer to the salary of 1500l . per annum , which he contends was a modification of part of those rights which grew out of his Agreement , and not an income attached to his continuance in office.—This , sir , is the only point upon which any difference of opinion arose ; for , in respect to the remainder of his Claims , they are established beyond even the shadow of a dispute , and I am really at a loss to imagine upon what possible ground they can be for a moment resisted . —I am afraid , by what has fallen from a right hon . gent , that the amount of the sum claimed in right of this Agreement is the great bar to its fulfilment . Why , sir , it is this very amount that so incontestably proves the merits of the case ; for the sum demanded by Mr. Palmer is but a fortieth part of those emoluments which the country have absolutely received from the exercise of his Plan , and which could not have accrued to us without it ; and if the documents before the house do not substantiate this assertion , I am content to wave his right to any thing . How then , in the face of such a glaring fact as this , can any objection be made to the performance of a bargain , the fairness of which is universally admitted ? —Great stress has been laid upon the Letters which have been read to the house ; but I would ask to what do these letters amount ? Do they impeach the character of Mr. Palmer ? no ; for what do the noble lords declare in the Evidence before us ? Lord Walsingham being asked by the Committee , `` If he had ever . 229 any reason to doubt the personal integrity of Mr . Palmer ? '' answers , `` No ; never in the smallest degree I '' And , on the same question being put to lord Chesterfield , he desires to abide by the answer given by lord Walsingham ; in short , the whole these letters go to prove is , that Mr. Palmer under the influence of vexation could no longer command his temper ; but , from beginning to end , they most clearly evince , that the great object he had in view was the good of the public.—It is also to be observed , that these Letters , so much insisted upon , were not the cause of Mr. Palmer 's suspension . He was suspended for refusing to deliver a key to one of his own officers , and these letters were not known of at that time , but were written years before , in confidence , to his Deputy , in answer to the complaints this deputy was continually making of the mischievous interference of the Post-Masters General ; and they were now raked up out of old disputes , which had long been made up and passed over.—The fact is , the Post Masters General had , in a moment of irritation , so committed themselves by suspending him about this trumpery key , that they were glad to avail themselves of these ex-post-facto-letters , delivered up by a viper , to find another key to let themselves out of the scrape they had got into ; so that Mr. Palmer , in the first place , is suspended without any justifiable cause being assigned ; and he is ultimately dismissed , because he has been improperly suspended ! —I do not for a moment wish to dispute the right of the government to dispense with Mr. Palmer 's services ; but , it is ridiculous to make his dismissal from office a plea to get rid of his Agreement , because the one has nothing whatever to do with the other.—Sir ; Mr. Palmer does not appeal to us as a suspended officer soliciting a restoration to his office ; he stands forth as a creditor demanding the payment , of a debt . The great machine for