, `` That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , that he will be graciously pleased to direct that a Special Commission should be appointed to enquire into and inspect the condition and government of the state prisons and other gaols in the city and county of Dublin , and such other gaols in Ireland as they shall judge it proper to direct their attention to , and to investigate the treatment of the prisoners therein confined since the year 1798 , where ground of complaint shall be preferred , and also to examine into the conduct of those entrusted with the rule and government of the said prisons ; and to report thereon . '' regretted that the motion was deferred until a period when those members could not be present who were the best informed upon the subject . Although he should not oppose the motion , he trusted he should not be supposed to acquiesce in the right hon . gent 's 1133 statements . He adverted to the inquiry that had been made during lord Hardwicke 's administration , which was among the printed papers laid before that house in 1805 , and on which it had not been thought necessary by the house to take any steps . He regretted that the right hon . gent . should have made such an ex parte statement against individuals , who would have no means of exculpating themselves until the next session of parliament . wished that the right hon . gent . had brought forward his motion when the Irish members were present , convinced as he was ( from his own local knowledge ) that those members would have declared the futility of the statements that had been made . He examined some of the reports , and detected several misrepresentations that existed in them . He supported the motion , because it could do no harm , and might do much good . defended the character of Dr. Trevor , who was generally esteemed as a man of great humanity and kindness . He had heard the unfortunate Emmett acknowledge this at the scaffold in the warmest terms . thought the public highly indebted to his right hon . friend for the institution of an inquiry , from which , in his opinion , a great deal of good would probably result . defended the magistrates of the county of Galway , from any share in the imputation attempted to be thrown on the whole country . would only make an observation or two on what had been said on the other side , and particularly by the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , with respect to an investigation having been made into these alleged grievances , by the authority of lord Hardwicke as lord lieutenant of Ireland , the report of which he stated to have been laid before this house and printed in 1805 . Mr. Moore said , that being intent on obtaining all possible information , he regularly watched all the documents laid before this house for that purpose ; and that having given the subject of these alleged grievances his earnest attention , it was almost impossible that , such an important document as the report in question could have escaped him , had it ever been before the house ; as from the description given by the right hon . gent. , it went to preclude all further inquiry into the claims of justice , so forcibly stated in the various petitions before 1134 the house , and that under this impression he was very much surprised when his right hon . friend ( Mr. Sheridan ) informed him a few days ago , that in a conversation with the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , he was told , that such a report had been made and printed , laying all these grievances at rest ; but , in order to remove the doubt which it naturally threw on his own opinion , as coming from such authority , he instantly went to the vote office , where ,