had been positively fixed for that night . A measure stood for that night , on which a great deal of discussion was expected . Without any reason assigned , save an undefined assertion of convenience , it was postponed . The result was , that another measure , which was not expected to come on , was pressed before the house ; and when causes were stated to postpone it , the noble lord replied , that the motion was unnecessary , because , after the details were gone through , there were other opportunities for the discussion of their merits . The question , however , turned upon this consideration , that by agreeing to the amendment moved by his noble friend , the only inconvenience which was likely to result was , that hon . members would have another day to attend their duty in that house , whereas if the house then proceeded , no future opportunity would be offered to them to state their objections.—The house then divided : Ayes 81 ; Noes 37 . Majority 44 . On readmission into the gallery , we found the house in a committee , and in a discussion upon that clause , which determines the ages between which individuals are liable to the ballot . thought that the period of eighteen was certainly the fittest time for young men to commence military service , and that every year after they became less and less fit . He was of opinion that if the ballot was confined to young men between eighteen and nineteen , a sufficient number would be found to answer the purposes required , without carrying the ballot to men of more advanced years . He thought the age of thirty-five much too far advanced . admitted , that in some counties the principle of the hon . baronet might answer , and produce even more men than were wanted for the particular district , but in many others it would not at all produce the number required , and the age must be extended . thought the range of years stated in the clause too extensive , as it would give a greater number of men than were required . answered , that the numbers were calculated by the population of each county ; and a narrower limitation would not give the number of men required . observed , that last year 's Militia Bill excepted numbers on the ground of being volunteers ; but in this bill , every county was ordered to find its quota , without any regard to the number of its volunteers . Neither was any exception proposed on account of the number of a man 's children , however great ; and in this respect he thought that carrying the ballot so high as thirty-five years of age , would be extremely oppressive to numbers of poor men with large families depending on their industry . He therefore suggested an exception in favour of men having more than three children ; and he also thought the hardship much greater on men after thirty than before ; more especially a poor shop-keeper , or any man settled in life , of small capital , whose income did not exceed 100l . a year , who . must in this case be driven to the necessity of serving to the ruin of his business , or paying a fine equal to one-fifth of his income , besides his liability to the income tax , which was already intolerable . thought that by making the term from eighteen to thirty , about one in five would be drawn for service in the county where he lived ; but the clause as it stood would take two out of three of the male population . said , that the committee , on considering the measure maturely , would find that it would on no account be so oppressive as seemed to be apprehended . To the working manufacturer who could earn six shillings a day , undoubtedly the service would be objectionable . But it would be no great oppression upon the