that report . For when the evidence shall be read , it will disclose a scene of fraud and misery , which it appears to me to be impossible that any chancellor of the exchequer can contemplate without a determination of abandoning that ruinous scheme of finance by which such evils are engendered.—Another Committee , sir , has this session , for the third time , been instituted ; I mean the Committee of Finance . From this committee I fear the public has little or no chance of deriving any information during the present session , if I may judge from the answer made a few evenings ago , by the hon . chairman of that committee , to a question which I took the liberty of proposing to him . Whatever may be the reasons which caused this delay , they are not now to be ascertained . The honourable chairman informed us , that as far as lay in him , the Report was in readiness to be presented ; nay , that it had been so before the Easter recess . Sir , whether there is any thing in the constitution of this Committee which renders useless the labours of the most assiduous of its members , or whatever mysterious impediments may exist to delay the delivery of their Report , are matters which must in the next session of parliament be fully developed , in order that the causes which have produced so much public disapprobation may be effectually removed.—Sir , I am happy to say , that there is one part of our situation which , at the present moment , we are fortunately enabled to contemplate with a greater degree of satisfaction than at any period for a number of years past ; I mean the state of Ireland . This is not owing , certainly , to any thing that has been done , but to the reception experienced in this 1045 house , daring the present session , by a motion made by a right hon . friend of mine ( Mr . Grattan . ) That circumstance , sir , has diffused a calm over the minds of men with regard to Ireland , which has not been felt for many years . It tends to show by what small efforts of conciliation it is possible to do away , in that country , all feelings of hostility , of distrust , of regret ; and I trust , that by the measures of future sessions of parliament , this favourable impression wilt be considerably increased . Sir , I wish to obtain some information with respect to the operation of the Orders in Council . At the conclusion of a session , in the commencement of which measures proposed for the improvement of our commerce , after repeated discussions in both houses of parliament , were carried by large majorities ; after eight months have elapsed , it is natural to ask , whether those measures have produced the beneficial effect which was predicted from them . This is an information which our constituents have a right to expect from us . It is desirable to know the result ; that , if successful , those who opposed the measure may acknowledge their mistake , and those who supported it may congratulate themselves on their superior sagacity . One expectation held out by the right hon . gent . opposite was , that the measure would act so oppressively on the enemy as to subdue his inveteracy , and incline him to make peace with this country on terms more advantageous than could otherwise be expected . I should like very much to know , whether in the right hon . gent . 's opinion this effect has been produced . I should also , sir , like to know , whether the right hon . gent . has actually carried the Orders in Council into execution , or whether he has not rather allowed their tendency to be defeated by the system of Licences . It is necessary that this point should be ascertained , lest we should