. Did he think any public utility could arise from the house of commons reversing the decision it had come to ? and if he did , ought he not to blush at the idea of his friends not having brought the question forward before this time ? Did he think that the house could so far forget its character as to reverse a decision it had so lately made ? If this was the opinion of the hon . bart . he ought to more than blush that no effort had been made before this time to call the attention of parliament to a transaction which had occurred so many years ago . If his object was to blacken the character of the British parliament throughout Europe , and to shake the faith of the country by this posthumous effort of his faculties , never were faculties less usefully directed . He could not see any reason of practical utility that could have induced him to pursue this course ; unless it was to establish a maxim , which had already been held forth in that house , that every man who went out to India discarded all ideas of public virtue from his mind . He could not suppose a greater injustice than to hold forth a notion that individuals of high situations , would so far forget every thing due to themselves and their country , as to abandon the principles by which they had acted all their lives before . The house was now examining a transaction which took place in 1801 . Five years ago a charge was made against the individuals concerned in that transaction . Their character was not to be trifled with , their innocence was to be presumed until the contrary was proved . For years the question remained asleep , until the hon . bart . took it up ; and would he now contend or suppose that persons were not to be found in that house who would have pressed this subject long before , if it was of that quality which some gentlemen supposed ? Would the right hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Sheridan ) have suffered this sub- 929 ject to be at rest for four years if he thought he could have made out a case ? That right hon . gent , had said , on a former day , that he did not wish to interrupt the harmony which prevailed in the government which he supported . Did he mean , then , to impute to that government such gross negligence , and such an abandonment of all the principles of justice , as to suppose they would have passed over without notice this transaction , were it so nefarious a one as it was described to he ? Would the right hon . gent , have sacrificed such , a question as this to the convenience of a party ? Was it likely that he , who had taken so distinguished a part in almost all other questions where there were imputations of gross injustice against individuals , would have committed such an abandonment of his public duty as not to come forward and vindicate the national character ? He was not disposed to rest this question on any thing like personal authority , but he was justified in supposing , that had it been such as was lately described , it would have been brought forward by others long before this time . He had , however , much better evidence , namely , that which was contained in the papers themselves . To go into a detail of these papers would extend the discussion far beyond the limits of a single debate . He would merely state his view of the outline of the business , without pressing on the patience of the house . The question could only be argued on the ground of a treaty . He did not mean to contend that the sovereigns in India were not possessed of rights which the British government could not shake , without committing acts of injustice . But