far as I know , been disputed , it appears that two thousand four hundred parishes in Ireland are now consolidated into little more than eleven hundred benefices ; of which reduced number more than a tenth part are absolutely without churches , and not four hundred have glebe houses . Surely your ldships must see , in such a state of things , better means of assisting the established Church , more satisfactory measures to be taken for the encouragement of the Protestant religion , than by any laws of exclusion or intolerance . Nor had the situation of the Dissenters , by far the most numerous Protestants in that country , been overlooked . Measures were in contemplation for increasing the provision which the wisdom of government had long since granted to their ministers . These measures have , I believe , since that period , been carried into effect ; whether wholly or in part , I am not perfectly certain . The state of the Catholic Church in Ireland , administering to the spiritual wants of four millions of your people , had also been an object of deliberate consideration . Much has been said elsewhere of the influence of their bishops ; and in a former debate even in this house , great stress was laid on the dangers of a Catholic hierarchy . If you tolerate the Catholic Church , which is episcopal , you must of course allow it to have its bishops . But it is unquestionably proper that the crown should exercise an effectual negative over the appointment of the persons called to execute those functions . To this the Catholics of Ireland declare themselves perfectly willing to accede . The precise mode of giving effect to the principle , will best be settled by the wisdom of parliament . It is fit matter for discussion in such a committee as I propose . The declaration of the Catholics on this subject is an unquestionable proof of their solicitude to meet the kindness of their fellow-subjects , and to accede to any practicable means of removing even the most groundless jealousies . As such , I rejoice that it has been made , and I see with infinite satisfaction the just impression which it has universally produced . To me it is not new . I always felt the propriety of providing for this point . The experience of other countries proved both its expediency and its practicability . It formed apart of the plans intended to be brought forward 650 at the period of the Union ; and what we then knew of the sentiments of the Catholics respecting it , left no doubt upon our minds that the matter might be easily and satisfactorily adjusted . Provision was also intended to be made for the decent and necessary subsistence of the Catholic clergy of that country . More than that they did not ask , and even that they were unwilling to receive in any manner that might tend to separate their cause from that of their community . The propriety of this step rests on grounds of policy and reason , which will not , I think , be questioned even by the warmest adversaries of the present motion . Much as we must regret the error of their faith , desirous as we must be that the light of reformation may by the progress of knowledge be diffused over that people , we can not forget that there is in Ireland a rapidly increasing population of above four millions of Catholics . What legislator , what christian , would wish , either to leave such a people destitute of religious instruction , or to place their teachers in absolute dependance for their bread on the voluntary contribution of the poorest peasants ? On this point I believe all are agreed—I mention it only as one of the many measures which call for inquiry and adoption . Many of the most plausible arguments against the petitions of the Catholics are drawn from their objections to the Oath of Supremacy . This matter , also , it is much