country , all the branches of which would act with common emulation . He trusted parliament would provide a defence adequate to the exigency ; and that long contemplation of the danger would not cause it to be undervalued . The enemy had no longer powerful nations to dread ; the loss of an army was less material to him , and he was less exposed to revolt at home . These were all additional temptations to undertake the enterprise against us . But our great , free population , if government and parliament would avail themselves of them , afforded ample means to render attack hopeless , and peace secure . vindicated himself and his friends from the imputation of under-rating the danger of invasion . He could , however , remember a period of danger , the year 1798 , when the hon . gent , who brought the charge ( Mr. Wilberforce ) had been mainly instrumental in forcing on the minister at that time ( Mr. Pitt ) a measure which put the government of this country in a course entirely new , and to which the 112 disasters that had befallen Europe , were in a great degree to be attributed . This he said to vindicate the memory of that great man from at least one of the errors that in many instances were groundlessly charged upon him . At present the danger seemed to be so far thought of , that something was to be done to meet it ; but it seemed to be thought matter of indifference what that something should be . His objection to the present measure was not that it went to do too much , or that it was too burthensome , but that it was in its nature inefficient . He wished to strip the measure of its feathers , and to shew it in its natural size . The proposed measure would be attended with vast expence , with a general disturbance of the occupations of private life , patronage without end , and a great contamination of public morals . The measure was bulky , but he wished to ascertain its substantial size . What would all the tinsel burn for ? what weight of solid gold did it contain ? We were told of 500,000 men in arms ; but we had both the men and the arms before . The enrolling , too , was provided for by the Training act , to the amount of 200,000 men , or more if necessary . The training was to have been for 24 days , now it was to be for 28 , and the men were to be incorporated into companies , regiments , or battalions . This last , in fact , was the only point in which the noble lord 's splendid measure differed from its barren predecessor . This was a loss instead of a gain ; but even if it was a gain , it would be too dearly purchased at the expence of all the money , vexation , corruption , and patronage , that would attend it . The noble lord seemed to think that by putting military clothes on men , he could make them soldiers , and that upon getting the regimental tailors to put on red , white , and blue facings , he could establish an army at pleasure . This was , however , a false idea ; it was notorious that it was by regular troops opposed to irregular , that France had conquered and Europe had been subdued . He asserted from the best authority , that the men thus trained could not without the danger of certain defeat be brought to act with regiments of the line in the day of battle . He proposed that the men , when trained , should be used as a great reserve , to be brought gradually into the line to repair the losses that might arise . It was not merely to supply the incidental falling off of the Volunteers that the present bill was brought forward . There was