would then be seen that they had not the manliness to adopt and applaud those measures , but that they endeavoured to get rid of a decision upon them by miserable previous questions , and other unworthy expedients . It would be seen that the very confidential ministers of the crown had never delivered their opinions on these vast objects of policy and justice , and those who read the story would wonder what subject could possibly be of suf- 924 ficient importance for them to speak upon . They would be in amaze , and utterly at a loss to divine how they came repeatedly to vote with willing majorities on so grand a question , without ever having the condescension to express their sentiments , or offer their reasons for so determining . When he entered the house he had no design of being the first to bring on this discussion , and was astonished to see that such a task fell on him by the mode in which the question ( on sir Thomas Turton 's last Resolution ) was on the point of being disposed of . Thus situated he might , perhaps , be guilty of some repetitions . He would not , however , repeat the subsisting treaties between the nabob of the Carnatic and the East India company , or debate the question whether he was a sovereign prince or a vassal of the company . In one respect , at least , he was independent : he was put in the situation of a sovereign prince by the treaty negotiated with him by the company . Even after the pretended records of his treachery were discovered , he was not used as a rebel who had thrown off his allegiance , but , as an independant prince , required to enter into a new treaty.—The learned gent , then went into a detail of the papers found at Seringapatam , and read extracts from the Letter from marquis Wellesley to lord Clive , on the occasion of appointing an inquiry thereupon , to shew that a resolution was formed , whatever might be the result of that inquiry , to seize the civil and military government of the Carnatic . These letters were not considered as sufficient evidence against the nabob , or it would have been unnecessary to examine witnesses on the occasion ; neither did the evidence of Ally Rhezzi prove that the nabob was hostile to the British ; on the contrary , it shewed that the most decided enmity subsisted between him and Tippoo . It was , therefore , monstrous to say that there was any thing in these proofs , as they were called , to affect the nabob.—He then commented at length on the instructions given to the commissioners appointed to examine the witnesses , and asserted , from the parts he read , that they were intended to intimidate them to give such evidence as would be agreeable to the company , upon whom they were entirely dependant . Such witnesses would not have been received in this country , and he was glad to see his learned friend ( the solicitor general ) taking notes of what he said , as , being accustomed to the justice of Britain , he would doubtless be pre- 925 pared to shew that equal justice had been distributed in India . This examination must have been either judicial , in which case the accused person ought to have been heard in his defence , or it must have been for the purpose of publishing to the world a justification of the future measures adopted in consequence of it . If the latter , it w as more than ever incumbent on the commissioners to be careful that no grounds of doubt should be left . But what was the case r The examinations , though taken in the Persic language , were put down in English , and the reason assigned for this was , that from the first question put to Ally Rhezzi , the examination , it was found , would not take the