he had expected . ' Why proceed to sea , in an uncertain pursuit , to look after transports , if not in want of provisions ? and if he did proceed to sea , he must have gone off his station . The letter of sir Richard , upon which the hon . gentlemen prided themselves so much , contained not a particle of any thing that could support them . Sir Richard had written several letters to his commanding officer , lord Gardner , stating the situation of the squadron , and its want of provisions ; but finding the supplies did not come , he wrote to the Board of Admiralty . The consequence was , he received a supply ; and this boasted prize , this letter , commending the board , went just so far as to say , he thanked them for the attention they had paid to his communication . Did this exculpate them ? Did he say any thing about what had been the situation of the fleet ? No : but look to his letter of the 23d of Jan. , four days after the French had got out , and what does he say , after all the boasted supplies reached him ? 'That if his provision and water would last him , he would follow the enemy over the world . ' A blockading squadron ought to have pro- 139 visions on board equal to what the fleet they were blockading could possibly procure . The Board of Admiralty could not think that the enemy 's squadron would go no farther than what two months ' provision would allow them . That must have been their supposition , or that there was an understanding between the board and the enemy ; for When sir Richard went in pursuit , he had but two months ' provision . He would challenge any person to prove the squadron ever had more than two months ' provision , although an hon . gent , had found out that every British squadron ought to have five months ' provision . It was the most novel defence he had ever heard set up . It went to say , 'the enemy 's squadron has got out of Rochfort , and , if you say nothing about it , we will take care it never shall be so again . ' They next brought tempests and hurricanes , and said , they could not fight against the elements , as an excuse . He had never heard that the Bay of Biscay was very serene and calm in the months of Dec. and January . Every person knew the westerly winds generally prevailed at that season of the year ; and could the Board of Admiralty be ignorant of it ? If they were , it was not a wonder that sir Richard 's squadron suffered from the want of provision ; and if they did know it , they were the more blamable for not having provided against it . He did not charge the Board of Admiralty with intentional neglect , but he charged them with want of judgment . on moving the 2nd reading of this bill , stated briefly the former proceedings respecting this subject , and contended that there was a material difference between the principle of this bill , and that of the former bill , which went to the total abolition of the prerogative of granting offices in reversion , upon the mere ground of expediency , stated in the preamble , whilst , in the present bill , it was only proposed to suspend that prerogative for a limited period , and that on special ground stated in the preamble , namely , with a view to inquiries now pending in the house of commons . It was easy to conceive that such a suspension might be of mate- 140 rial importance to the objects of the Committee of Finance , in order that offices might not , in the mean time , be granted in reversion , and thereby placed beyond their controul with respect to