actually received at the rate of 16s . 6d . per coat , what they offered to provide at the reduced rate of 14s . 9d . per coat . They had made another offer on the 10th of Feb. , 1808 , when kersey was as low as 3s . 6d . per yard , to supply great coats at the rate of 12s . each , to this tender they certainly received an answer , and were so far more successful than in their former application , but it so happened , that they received 14s . per coat , through the means of a partial interest , which they had offered at the rate of 12s . per coat ; and not only that of Scott 's , but any house in London would have supplied that part of the army clothing at the rate of 12s . per coat . He meant from the 29th of June , 1806 , to the year ending 1807 , and thus there would have been a saving of not less than 16,666l. , or at the rate of 50,000l . each delivery . The clothiers , induced by such repeated offers , agreed to take off 2s . 6d . in the price of each coat , instead of 4s . The hon . gent . then read a letter , dated the 11th of Nov. 1807 , and signed G. Harrison , in which there was a proposal made to the contractors on the part of the lords of the treasury , that in proportion to prompt payment there should be a reduction in the price . He commented on this passage , and contended that it appeared from Mr. Gilgrim 's voucher on the table , that the payments had seldom been made earlier than six months . He was willing to give every credit to the noble lords at the head of the treasury , they had done what they could to establish a system of fair and open contract ; but their exertions in this respect seemed to have been counteracted by a powerful but improper influence . Here the hon . gent . read a letter signed `` Harry Calvert , Adjutant General of the Forces , '' addressed to the Secretary at War , in which the writer , in the name of his royal highness the Com- 1005 mander in Chief , disapproved of any change in the mode of clothing the Army ; this letter was dated 11th Nov. 1807 . Here the hon . member took occasion to disapprove of the Secretary at War feeling it necessary to consult the duke of York upon the propriety of obeying any orders issued by the lords of the treasury , with respect to Army Clothing . If such applications were made to the Commander in Chief , merely because he was the son of our gracious sovereign , such a principle of false deference could not be too early corrected ; if , on the other hand , it was owing to a superior authority vested in his royal highness , it would be right to ascertain whether the orders of the lords of the treasury should thus be permitted to be waved or disputed . The hon . member next read a letter from the Secretary at War to G. Harrison , bearing date the 8th of December , 1807 , in which he expressed it to be incumbent on him to communicate with the duke of York on the subject of the instructions given by the lords of the treasury with respect to the clothing of the Army by public contract . In the same letter the right hon . secretary expresses his sincere wish that the lords of the treasury would comply with the highest military authority in the country , on a point on which his royal highness 's experience ought to have such weight . That it had appeared that all contracts of a public nature in this department had not been productive either of any advantage to the individual , or of any real service to