right hon . friend was anxious to relieve . He did not think that the present measure would be productive of advantage . The principle of the bill , which went to fix the minimum of wages , carried into operation , could do no good , and might do a great deal of harm . It would not have the effect of at all increasing the quantity of work , and it would diminish the number of persons employed in it , because only the best workmen would be retained . At the same time he was of opinion , that it was better that the cotton weavers should be disappointed after a discussion of the merits of their application in the house of commons , 428 than by a refusal of his right hon . friend to submit it for consideration . This discussion the application had now undergone , and he hoped that those who made it would be convinced , that it failed not from any indifference to their sufferings , or any indisposition to relieve them ; but from a persuasion that , by granting the object which they sought to obtain , they could do no good , and might do much harm . said , that after the manner in which the proposition had been received , he should not press it upon the house . expressed his satisfaction that the motion was withdrawn ; but he could not omit this opportunity of stating his opinion , that the distress complained of arose from the suspension of foreign trade , which had taken place in consequence of the Orders in Council . observed , that had the right hon . gent , persisted in his measure for fixing the minimum of wages , there was no reason why the maximum also should not have been fixed . He reminded the right hon . gent . of the observation of a celebrated writer on political economy , 'that commerce in this country had continued to prosper , notwithstanding the existence of a Board of Trade , ' and recommended it to him to allow it to take its own course . rose , pursuant to the notice he had given some time ago , to make a motion on the subject of the Distilleries . Previous to moving that the house should go into a committee , he would explain the nature of the Resolutions he meant to offer in that committee , and the nature and causes of the changes made in those resolutions since he had first announced them . The topics involved in the Report were important and momentous , and the highest authorities differed among themselves upon the principal points . The committee was appointed , in the first instance , to consider of the means of affording relief to the West India proprietors and merchants , and the order under which the committee assembled , directed the committee to inquire whether the most immediate and effectual means of relief would not be , to confine the Distilleries to the use of Sugar and Molasses alone . In the course of this inquiry , it became necessary to ascertain how far the agriculture of the country would be affected by such a restriction , and this investigation led to the knowledge of facts , which established the wisdom and necessity of the restric- 429 tion , exclusive of all consideration whatsoever of the interests of the West India islands . It was impossible to separate the two questions ; but this he would say , that neither he nor the committee could have recommended the Resolutions they had done , if the interests of the country , distinct from those of the West India proprietors , had not , in the opinion of the committee , rendered such measures necessary . The committee , finding that this country was generally dependent for a sufficient supply of corn and flour upon foreign countries , and that this supply was cut oft * in the present state of Europe , without any prospect of a sufficient resource in the last year 's