to admit as supernumeraries persons who chose to pay half the fine , and go into a volunteer corps , in order to be exempted from this service . observed that this was forcing into volunteer corps those who were no volunteers . rather approved the bill , so far as it went ; for a more permanent force than the volunteers was necessary . Yet he would have prefered a conscription of the young men from 18 to 25 to the method of ballot . A conscription , he affirmed , would be much more efficacious and less distressing than the ballot , for the duty would then be certain and unavoidable , whereas the system of ballot was attended with the most tormenting anxiety and uncertainty , and was calculated to introduce a system of perjury , that would be of the most calamitous consequences to the country . observed , that on that plan , all ranks must be confounded , and this would be felt as an intolerable grievance . The present mode of exempting persons , by fine and service in volunteers , would have the effect of bringing into the local militia those who were most fit for such a situation . observed , that he had meant that the volunteers should be open to those who chose to serve in that way . thought that the hon . baronet 's plan was preferable , and he was sorry the principle had not been acted upon as it had been detailed by a noble writer ( lord Selkirk ) . But the amendment proposed by the hon . baronet would go to change the principle of the present bill , and could not , he apprehended , be adopted in the committee . He must , therefore , oppose it as being brought forward at ah improper period . If , however , it should be proposed at a time when he could , consistently with the usages of the house , support it , he would do so , for he was convinced it would , more than any other plan , give security to the country , and contribute to the restoration of peace . The house then divided , For the amendment 41 ; Against it 146 ; Majority 105 ; —Several verbal amendments were made in the different clauses , and a considerable deal of discussion took place.—The 277 house then resumed , the chairman reported progress , and obtained leave to sit again on Monday . , upon the motion for the second reading of this bill , intimated , that many noble lords had been under a mistake , respecting the day appointed for its discussion , having understood that it would take place on Wednesday ; and as it was a bill of great importance , he trusted their lordships would agree with him in the propriety of discharging the order as it then stood , in order that it might take place on Wednesday . . My lords , I perfectly agree with the noble and learned lord that this bill is a measure of the greatest importance , and that it would be proper that the discussion be deferred till Wednesday , but then I earnestly implore that those noble lords will attend on that day . I should also have concurred with that noble and learned lord , if he had further said , that there never was a more infamous bill brought up from the house of commons , for it has a tendency to destroy the Trial by Jury ; nay worse , to render that trial ridiculous.—The motion was agreed to . rose , in pursuance of his notice , to move for leave to bring in a Bill for the more equal valuation of the revenue of the First Fruits in Ireland , and for the due collection thereof . In doing this , the right hon . gent . took occasion to state the grounds upon which he proceeded . By the Returns made by the Archbishop of Cashel , the whole annual amount of the First Fruits at