they found him in the employment , while under private direction , and they thought it not right to discontinue him . But he begged leave to say , there was an officer in the Military Asylum to execute the same duties , but he was under the denomination of Treasurer . The Auditor was personally quite a stranger to him , except in his official capacity , and he had himself inspected the house and garden allotted , and thought them by no means unreasonable for the person who filled the situation . But as to his livings in Ireland , and his own residence there , it had nothing to do with this question , so long as he was obliged , by the strict rules of the Asylum , to be constantly resident there , or resign his situation . said , that his motives for persevering were the same which had actuated him with respect to Greenwich Hospital ; namely , to preserve the exclu- 921 sive right of the navy to the official appointments originally intended for them , but which principle had been shamefully violated in the case of Greenwich Hospital . The like violation of principle had commenced in the Naval Asylum , and if it was Hot resisted in the outset , he should expect shortly to see the governorship there conferred , perhaps , upon some German captain of cavalry , and the minor situations filled by Hanoverian subalterns or serjeants , instead of British naval officers . He would not , however , divide the committee . vindicated the motives of the hon . admiral , without entering into the examination of his objections.—The Resolution was then put and carried . , in rising pursuant to his notice , felt it necessary to premise that , whatever might be his individual impression , it was not his intention , in consequence of his deference to the decision of the house , to submit any Resolution directly tending to criminate the character of the noble person , whose measures gave rise to the Resolutions he had to propose . But he considered it necessary , in vindication of the justice of this country , that that house should come to some Resolution respecting the nature and circumstances of the transactions in the Carnatic , and also declaratory of its intention to discountenance such proceedings hereafter . The hon . baronet therefore , reserving himself for that opportunity which would be afforded him by the indulgence of the house in reply , should then content himself with moving his two remaining Resolutions , as follows : That it appears to this house , that the person of the prince Ally Hussein , the rightful nabob of Arcot , was committed to the custody of the said Azeem ul Dowlah , who had , through the undue exercise of the power of the company , usurped his dominions ; and that the said prince Ally Hussein , notwithstanding the frequent remonstrances and representations made to the British government ; by himself and others , of the humiliating and degrading state to which he and his family were reduced by such confinement ; notwithstanding his representations of the imminent danger to his life , which he anticipated from being placed in the power of his enemy and the usurper of his throne ; was suffered to continue in such custody , until the 6th of April , 922 1802 , when he died . `` — '' That policy , as well as justice , loudly demands the vindication of the character of Great Britain in India , from the reproach of the above transactions ; and that the interests , if not the preservation , of our empire there , call for some public act , which will convince the native princes , that a religious adherence to its engagements will , in future , characterize the British government . Consistently with these sentiments , and at a time when our implacable enemy attempts to justify his atrocities and despotism in Europe by the example of our conduct in India , it is