privy counsellor for ecclesiastical affairs . Excessive zeal was often the cause of indiscreet language on both sides of the house , and every example that was cited ought to serve as a warning to both sides . His own opinion was , that without distinction of religion , every man ought to be called upon to do service to the state , where he was particularly qualified to do that service , and on that ground the learned gent , ought to be appointed of the privy council . said , he had little idea , when he directed the attention of the house to the state of the Irish Church , that he was by any means promoting such a curse to the country , as the promotion of the learned doctor . On what grounds did government seek to justify so extraordinary an appointment ? Why , because the urgency of ecclesiastical business required the presence of a distinguished civilian . The house would be surprised to hear , that in England , where the ecclesiastical business was tenfold , the number of ecclesiastics who attended the privy council was much less than in Ireland ! As a proof of this , he referred gentlemen to every proclamation issued from the Castle of Dublin , to which the names of two or three bishops were almost always attached . But why did he attempt , from any official reasons , to prove the little necessity there was for the advancement of a man to whom there was every moral and political objection ? What ! would it be wise or rational to promote a man who , all his life—he begged pardon , he believed only since his accession to a place under the Protestant Church , —had declared himself hostile to the great majority of the Irish people ? He denied that it was usual to appoint the 152 Judges of the Prerogative Court privy counsellors ; and even if it was , he would make an exception here . He implored ministers to pause and see what they were about . He begged them to review the whole tenor of their intolerant administration . He begged them not daringly and deliberately to drive an oppressed but high-spirited people step by step into rebellion ; to harrass them by every species of outrage and insult . maintained that whoever charged the Roman Catholics with being-bad subjects , libelled and belied them : but to call in question any appointment for language made use of in parliament , however indiscreet , was at once to interfere with the prerogative of the crown , and the first privilege of parliament , freedom of speech . would have wished much to have heard some of his majesty 's ministers undertake to defend the present appointment . All that he knew of the learned doctor who was the object of it , was , that he understood him to be a man whose life had been occupied in religious contentions ; and that all the sentiments which he bad delivered in that house , were given in such a manner , and carried to so extravagant a length , that he believed there was not a single member in the house who would venture to say that he concurred with him . The learned doctor had long held the office which he now held , and it was never before thought necessary to raise him to the rank of privy counsellor . What could be the motive , then , of such an appointment at the present time ; or how could his majesty 's ministers suppose , that in recommending such an appointment , they were cherishing that unity and harmony which it appeared to be his majesty 's earnest desire to cultivate ? He wished to hear some of his majesty 's ministers state , for what merits the learned doctor had been recommended . The sort of defence of the appointment which the right hon . secretary for Ireland ( sir A. Wellesley ) had made , was any thing but complimentary to the learned doctor .