was formerly foremost in defence of the Volunteers , and who for that purpose imputed expressions to his right hon . friend which he had never made use of , should now bring forward a measure which went to absorb them altogether . For if that was not the object of the present measure , he could not see what it was good for . The noble lord regarded the Volunteers as an ancient orator did a great but dangerous political character of his time : laudandi , ornandi—tollendi . The noble lord had praised and ornamented the Volunteers , and now he came to destroy them . The Training act , which the noble lord shewed he did not understand , in-as-much as he conceived it was to be executed by the constable , was evidently the original from which the noble lord derived this measure . The recruiting of the army would have been regularly and permanently provided for , if the noble lord 109 had suffered the measure of his right hon . friend fairly to operate . But the noble lord would nave a volunteering from the Militia , which had indeed been successful , as nobody doubted it would be , but had been attended with most oppressive consequences from the general operation of the ballot to supply the deficiency the volunteers had left after them . The multiplication of the ballot by the present measure would extend the hardship still farther . He would venture to say , that when it should come to be tried , the number of men required could not be found between the ages of 18 and 35 . It would , besides , be attended with the most ruinous effect on the morals and industry of the young men , whom it was proposed principally to subject to the ballot , to take them away for 28 days from their homes , and to send them back depraved and corrupted , to communicate the baleful effects of their campaign around the neighbourhood . The expence of converting the Volunteers into Local Militia was enormous , and when compared with that of his right hon . friend 's great measure which had been so much complained of , it would be found to be much more considerable . Still he wished the measure should go into a committee , in order that it might be corrected as much as possible by the noble lord and by others . With respect to the interchange of Militia , that was a measure too important to be implicated in any other . Would to God the Irish were not left under the necessity of coming to England to learn what would attach them to the British constitution and connection ! Would to God the government of the day were sensible of the justice and wisdom of attaching and inspiring the Irish nation by conciliatory measures ! Then there would be no occasion for such an interchange . He wished to avoid , on this occasion , the discussion of the severe punishments contained in our military code . He always believed the English were good and humane officers , and that they mitigated , by their moderation and lenity , the rigour of the law . Such be knew was the impression of the men , both by sea and land ; they always preferred being tried by their officers , to being tried by their comrades . began with lamenting that the country did not seem awake to the perils by which it was surrounded . Neither in nor out of parliament could he find that there was a sense adequate to the greatness of the dangers which impended 110 over us . We had , it was true , seen these dangers increasing for a long time ; we had been accustomed to consider them so much , and they became , in some measure , so familiar to us , that , seeing they were never realized , we were too apt to treat them with a contempt they did not deserve . Some years ago , there was