. '' Of this report , it was said by the president Montesquieu , that it was `` une rèponse , à laquelle il n ' y a pas de replique : '' and such was its authority , that the present learned and 309 highly respectable judge of the admiralty , sir William Scott , upon being applied to in the year 1795 by Mr. Jay , the American minister in London , for an account of the principles which govern our Courts of Admiralty , and of the mode of proceeding in those courts , answered the enquiry by transmitting to him an extract from this able and luminous state paper . This document was transmitted by the duke of Newcastle , the first lord of the Treasury , accompanied by a letter from himself , addressed to the Secretary of Legation from the court of Berlin ; of which the following was an extract : —The late war furnished many instances which ought to have convinced all Europe how scrupulously the courts here do justice upon such occasions . They did not even avail themselves of an open war to seize or detain the effects of the enemy , when it appeared that those effects were taken wrongfully before the war'.—In the Report itself was the passage , which he was about to quote , and upon which he would offer no other comment than that it most distinctly and forcibly affirmed the principles for which he was now contending , and which he trusted would be solemnly recognized by their lordships this night . Having stated that the conduct of civilized nations towards each other was regulated by the principles of natural justice , and that the proceedings of our courts had been uniformly governed thereby , and not by motives of national convenience , it thus concludes : Upon this principle of natural justice , French ships and effects wrongfully taken after the Spanish war , and before the French war , have , during the heat of the war with France , and since , been restored , by sentence of your majesty 's courts , to the French owners . No such ships or effects ever were attempted to be confiscated as enemies property here during the war ; because , had it not been for the wrong first done , these effects would not have been in your majesty 's dominions.—He would offer to their lordships only one other authority , but it was not inferior to that of the former , if authority was to be founded on knowledge , probity , and experience : it was that of sir W. Wynne , who in the year 1784 , soon after the conclusion of the war , returned this answer to a case which had been submitted to him , as king 's advocate , by the lords commissioners of the Treasury : — ' I think that this ship and 310 cargo , having been seized before the hostilities between England and France commenced , and having been decreed by the Court of Admiralty to be restored to the claimant , and again seized in a port of his majesty 's dominions , ought not to have been condemned under such circumstances . The sentence is however conclusive , no appeal having been interposed in due time ; but the proceeds are at his majesty 's disposal , and I should conceive , that as the sentence of condemnation could not be supported , if the owner was in time to appeal from it , it would be proper that his majesty 's interest in them should be given up , and some person nominated to receive the proceeds for the use of the French owner . ( Signed ) Wm . Wynne . Doctors Commons , 18th Nov . 1784 . '—In consequence of this opinion , the proceeds of this ship and cargo were given up , and paid to the agents of the French owners.—Lord Sidmouth concluded by saying , that the subject upon which their lordships had to decide , was now before them : he