the hon . gent , had not been spoken . He had never said he possessed all the hones- 23 ty in the house— ( Hear ! hear ! ) ' I could ' ( said the hon . gent . with much energy ) , 'throw as much folly and thick headedness into his num-scull.'— ( Order ! order ! ) made some observations , in a good-humoured tone , by way of reply to the last speaker ; in which he observed , that the hon . gent , was undoubtedly possessed of every quality which was either agreeable , convincing , or persuasive . ( A laugh . ) said he would support the present bill , rather than run the chance of losing it entirely . He observed , with much irony , upon the polite , urbane , and gentlemanly conduct of the hon . member who had that night been so often declared out or order by the chair . spoke in favour of the bill.—If , would reflect honour on the hon . gent . who brought it in ; and , if passed by the other house , would also add honour on the administration under whose auspices it was carried . thought it better that the bill should be read a third time , and then such modifications as might be deemed necessary could be proposed.— [ The bill was accordingly read a third time . ] —The noble lord then proposed certain amendments , with the view of reconciling the bill to what was originally in the contemplation of the house . He should deplore any difference of opinion between that house and the house of lords ; but they surely did not ask too much of their lordships in requesting that they would suspend their opinion for a season , and grant to the commons a sort of armistice , till the grounds on which they differed were explained . They were not to go to their lordships as sturdy beggars , who , if they could not get their petition granted in one shape were ready to accept of it in another . What he proposed was , that the word prohibit ' should be restored in the preamble of the bill , instead of the word 'suspended , ' and that the words 'with the view to inquiries now pending in the house of commons , ' also in the preamble , be omitted . The only other amendment he should propose was one limiting the endurance of the bill to six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament , which , being more in unison with the former proceedings of that house , would be conceding less on their part , and would be desiring less on the part of the lords . He concluded by moving one of his amendments . should be always ready to bring forward the present measure when he saw any chance of succeeding in it ; but he did not pledge himself to agitate it at all times , whether success was to be looked for or not . He should prefer the bill as it stood to an address to his majesty , as he should conceive the concurrence of the other house in the present hill went to pledge them to the principle of the measure . He was satisfied with having the practice suspended in the mean time , and hoped the period was not far distant , when he should be able to do a great deal more . thought the country would find themselves disappointed in the public advantages expected to be derived from the measure , which would not take off a single burthen . observed , that a noble lord had said that he did not wish to go like a beggar , with a club and crutch to the house of lords . Now , it was his wish , that having before gone with a club to that house , that noble lord , or any other member of that house , should not now be sent up