a most exorbitant price . contended that the present situation of the world , was the strongest argument against any discouragement of agriculture . It was most impolitic to narrow the market , and thereby diminish the production of grain . From the Report of the Committee itself , it appeared that it was improper to extend the measure to Ireland . The distress of the West India colonies was said to spring from the stoppage of the intercourse with the continent . Ministers affirmed that the Orders in Council would open this . These Orders had been six months in operation , and what had they done ? The intercourse had only been more effectually put an end to , and the distress of the planters augmented . The best measure of relief would be to open the intercourse direct between the colonies and other nations , while the present state of things continued . He concluded , by declaring his opposition to the measure . thought that the general principle which was laid down respecting the impropriety of legislative interference , must be applicable only in general cases . The same principle was equally applicable to the commerce of the country as to its agriculture ; and yet , in practice , it was found absolutely necessary for the legislature often to interfere in the affairs of commerce . The evils under which we laboured at the present moment were these : we were excluded from importing , ( as we had been accustomed ) the surplus corn of other countries to meet a failure of the harvest , and at the same time we were pressed with a glut of West India produce . Those temporary evils could not be remedied by the appli- 819 cation of any general abstract principle . He thought the present measure well calculated to relieve the West India planters , and at the same time to diminish the alarm which prevailed in some parts of the United Kingdom of a scarcity . objected to the measure , as he thought the interference of the legislature , upon any occasion , with the agriculture or commerce of the country , was highly injurious ; excepting in cases of scarcity , of which at present there was not the smallest appearance . hoped that ministers would not press a measure , when their majorities were so very small , and when the minority was so respectable . It was true , that perhaps they might derive more support from the manufacturing and commercial interests , but he hoped that consideration would not prevent them from doing justice to the landed interest . If he had ever used the term 'gambling speculations ' to the cultivation of the colonies , he had certainly never meant to apply the term in an offensive sense ; but he was surprised that none of the West India gentlemen ever spoke without using the word monopoly , which was a term that had not been applied to them ; and yet he could not conceive how there could exist any great monopoly of corn in this country ; whereas there might easily be a monopoly of sugar , as that was an article which was kept in few hands . He thought it was absolute nonsense to think of fixing a maximum in the price of corn . The bad effects of attempting a minimum in the price of labour had been already felt . As to the profits of farmers , he thought it but reasonable that if one part of their crop failed , as it notoriously did at the last harvest , they should charge something more on that part which had not failed . This was the only mode by which they could pay their rent , taxes , and other expences . said , that if he thought the measure before the house was at all calculated to affect the interests of agriculture , or to produce that scarcity which it was intended to prevent , he should be one of the last men in the world to vote for it . The