. Did they then mean to say that they expected the ports again to be open next year , or were they sanguine enough to believe that without the foreign supply , corn would be cheaper than it had been this year ? He , for his part , could hardly ima- 823 gine it would ; oats might be somewhat cheaper , and so might peas and beans if the crop was better , but he hardly thought it likely that wheat would , or that upon the whole we should be more plentifully supplied with grain than at present . There was no probability that the same reasons would not exist , if reasons they could be called , for stopping the distilleries next year , which prevailed at that time . He then observed that several gentlemen had remarked , that it was extraordinary the landed interest should so much complain of the loss of the distillery market , when at the same time they were so patient under and so little complained of the animal importation of foreign corn , and which operated to the full as injuriously upon the agriculture of the country as the proposed measure could possibly do . But those hon . gentlemen Mere compleatly mistaken in their ideas upon that subject . The landed interest did sensibly feel the injury done to British agriculture by the facility of importation of corn of foreign growth , but they felt also the impropriety and impolicy of making these topics the subject of frequent parliamentary discussion . Had those hon . gentlemen forgot that only four years ago an act passed to check the importation of foreign corn in consequence of the strong representations of the landed interest upon the subject at that time ? Had they forgot the clamour that was raised against that measure , and the difficulty there was in overcoming those clamours , notwithstanding the support it received in parliament , and the very limited extent to which the principle of that bill was confined ? The landed interest did certainly feel strongly that nothing could be more injurious and more impolitic than encouraging the agriculture of foreign countries at the expence of our own . We had all the means of providing for our own subsistence , we had lands , capital , industry , agricultural science , nothing was requisite but proper encouragement , and proper security . It was the height of absurdity to continue such a system of laws and regulations relating to the corn trade as in truth operated to depress the agriculture of our own country , and encourage that of foreign nations ; even now , since the passing of the act of 1804 , the British markets had been constantly open to foreigners , and the British growers as constantly deprived of any reciprocal advantage . It was true that the provisions of that law were such that the importation would have 824 been checked had the average price fallen to 66s . per qr . wheat , and that was a considerable advantage in the security to the farmers against an excessive depression , compared with the act previously existing , but it ought to be stopped at a much earlier period . The prejudices of the people however were strong upon these subjects , and unfortunately their opinions were too generally mistaken and operating against their own object and interests . In the year 1795 the table of the house was covered with petitions signed by thousands of persons , praying the repeal of that law , and expressing their desire in very urgent terms . Neither the administration of that day , however , nor the majority of the house , thought it advisable to comply with the wishes of the petitioners , and it was very fortunate they did not , for the repeal of that measure would have materially damped the spirit of improving agriculture , and we should have now had to deplore the effects . In this instance there was another proof of the different policy which then prevailed , contrasted with that which seemed