debates of the 4th instant , on the subject of sir Richard Strachans squadron , that Mr. Calcraft has asserted , that lord Mulgrave has committed an outrage on the service by appointing you captain of the fleet , which gave universal dissatisfaction . I never had the pleasure of being introduced to you until your acceptance of that appointment ; but previous to your arrival at Yarmouth , a report was in circulation that some officers intended to remonstrate against your appointment , and which very naturally from the novelty of such a proceeding , became the subject of conversation among the captains , and as far as I could learn in 739 the first instance , they viewed the report more as a squib than any serious intention to remonstrate . I have ever considered it to be the province of a commander in chief , to nominate officers who are to be in confidential situations about him , especially as in your case : that nomination came within precedents established , not only at home but abroad , and I was sorry to find that the least difference of opinion should have existed on the propriety of your appointment . It is impossible for a captain of a fleet to give universal satisfaction to those under his direction ; but from your unremitting zeal for the service , the perfect arrangement of your plans , your exertion in the execution of them , and your personal attention to the officers of the fleet , I heard you spoken of by the captains with whom I was in the habits of intimacy , in the fleet , in terms which reflect the highest honour on your character and conduct ; and I really feel myself called upon to communicate those my sentiments to you . I must beg leave at the same time to say , I totally disclaim attaching myself to any party : I only come forward to assure you my name can not be enrolled among those who are represented by Mr. Calcraft as disgusted with your appointment under lord Gambier ; and I am convinced that many of my brother officers who are now at sea would , if they were in England , be glad to avail themselves of an opportunity to do you similar justice.—April 9th , 1808 . Dear sir , I was astonished to see reported in a newspaper in a late debate in the house of commons , an assertion made use of by Mr. Calcraft expressing that my lord Mulgrave had committed an outrage to the service in appointing you captain of the fleet , on the late Baltic expedition ; and if my memory does not fail me , he said disgusting to his brother officers . Such an assertion calls on the captains of that fleet to express their mind ; and I , who had opportunity of seeing your great and zealous exertions , both in the fleet and on shore , and of hearing the sentiments of navy and army , feel that an outrage has been committed against lord Mulgrave and yourself , and against the sentiments of the captains of that fleet . It is true , I read in a newspaper when off Copenhagen , that some disapprobation had been expressed by the captains at your appointment ; but I do affirm that I never heard an expression , direct or indi- 740 rect , tending to insinuate such a sentiment by any of my brother officers ; on the contrary , there appeared to me but one opinion , that of the greatest confidence in your abilities , and approbation at your being selected to fill so honourable and arduous a situation on an expedition so big with great events . I can only lament that your being now appointed to the command of a ship will , in a great degree , cramp your exertions , but I sincerely hope the time is not far distant when the country will reap the benefit of your great abilities on a greater and wider scale . With every sentiment , &