a foreigner to a vacancy in his gift . He vindicated in strong terms the conduct of that right rev . prelate . He did not pretend to know to what case the allusion had reference , but if it applied to the appointment of a learned person who had been ; professor at Smyrna , he could say that it was an appointment highly meritorious ; being to a gentleman of whom , except from his character for eastern learning , the right rev . prelate had no knowledge ; and was to be considered as a retaining fee to enable the person in question to prosecute the enquiries into the Scriptures , which he had commenced . The right hon . member concluded by moving for leave to withdraw his first motion , that he might move that it be an instruction to the committee to make provision for extending the bill to Ireland . declared himself the last man in the house ' to oppose a well-regulated reform with respect to the establishment of curates . As far as the bill went to propose a remedy for that great grievance , he gave it his support . He must , however , say , that it did not meet the existing evil in Ireland , nor was it calculated generally to answer the ends for which it was intended.—The question being again put , that the Speaker do leave the chair , conceived that there was no call for the bill . This was a case of reform ; and he asked if there ever was a question of reform agreed to , without a case being made out ? Whenever the worthy baronet near him ( sir F. Burdett ) , called on the house to reform abuses of which he complained , what was the language of the very 841 persons who now pressed the present measure ? That he must make out his case . This he now called on those gentlemen to do , which not having done , he must esteem the present to be a measure altogether uncalled for , unnecessary , and improper . strongly supported the measure , and expressed a hope that the noble lord would not continue to refuse his assent to the proposition that the bill should then go into a committee . expressed sonic doubt that the bill , as it then stood , would have a tendency to sow schism between the curates and the incumbents ; but at the same time declared , that he hoped that by its being passed through a committee , it would receive such modification as would be the means of attaining the general object ; namely , that of bettering the condition of the inferior clergy throughout the empire . pursuant to notice , rose to call the attention of the house to this important subject . The object he had in view was , as the established Institution might not prove adequate to its purpose , in consequence of the falling off of private subscriptions , to establish a public and Central Institution in London , whence the real vaccine matter would be distributed to all parts of the empire . He proposed that the president and four censors of the College of Physicians , and a certain number of the College of Surgeons , should be placed at the head of this Institution , to whom all doubtful cases should be referred . The right hon . gent , after 842 detailing all the circumstances of the recent failures at Ringwood , and affirming that , though it could not be said that vaccination was a certain security in all cases against the small pox , yet the evidence in its favour shewed , as appeared by the reports of the Colleges of Physicians and Surgeons , that the failures were not one in 300 , concluded by moving a Resolution , `` That this house , having had under its consideration the Report of the Royal College of Physicians of London , of the 10th of April 1807 , in consequence of an enquiry