speedy termination ; that in his opinion the report might be laid oil the table of the house to-morrow ; and that he should very much lament that the circumstances which he had mentioned should operate to delay the presentation of it beyond the present session . thanked the hon . gent . for his candid explanation , and disclaimed 908 the slightest intention to impute any blame to a gentleman , who , by the anxiety which he uniformly manifested for the public service , was entitled to the complete confidence of the house and of the country.—Mr . Whitbread was proceeding to express the regret which he felt at learning the probability that no report from the Finance Committee would be presented during the present session , when he was cal led to order by the Speaker , who observed , that there was no question before the house . , ( knight of Kerry ) in what he was about to say , disclaimed all idea of any wish to embarrass government . In at all touching on this subject , he was anxious chiefly for two things ; first , that ministers should not suppose , from the paucity of petitions , that the question was not one of very general interest in Ireland , or which they were on that account entitled to undervalue ; secondly , he was anxious to prevent the people of Ireland from feeling any thing like distrust in those who were to bring forward these petitions . He felt himself bound to refute the calumnies which had been propagated , alleging that the disturbances in his county had been occasioned by the meeting to consider of the petition in question . It might be sufficient , in answer to this calumny , to state , that these disturbances had existed for years before , and that , after the meeting to consider of the Commutation of Tythes , they had abated rather than increased . The same he could also state as to other petitions . Another stigma attempted to be fixed on the favourers of this measure was , that an improper advantage was sought to be got for the land owners , at the expence of the church . For his part , he disclaimed every idea of the kind . He wished that the church and clergy should have their rights preserved entire ; but that the present mode of levying the tythes should be commuted for one more equal and less burthensome . This was no catholic question ; it did not partake of a religious feeling ; it was supported by the county of Armagh , than which no county in Ireland was more , or rather so completely , protestant . It was a measure wished for by all classes , and even by the protestant clergy . He did not pretend to say that the petitions were so numerous as to entitle him to allege that it was at the moment a measure of necessity ; therefore he should not urge referring the petition to a 909 committee at present . He left it with ministers , assuring them that the commutation of tythes was necessary , and that no time was to be lost , after the commencement of the next session of parliament , in bringing it forward . He then moved , that the petition from the county of Kerry be referred to a committee of the whole house . availed himself of the opportunity afforded him by the right hon . gent . 's motion , distinctly to state that it was the intention of his majesty 's government seriously to consider this business , of the importance of which they were completely convinced . He had already paid considerable attention to it himself , but he regretted to observe , that the further he went into the examination , the more arduous did the task appear , and that the undertaking of applying a remedy to the evil , appeared to be beset with difficulties almost insurmountable . He repeated , however , that every effort should be