, as was usual in that country , had been kept in confinement , and , when taken out , was greatly frightened lest they were going to kill him . They found him , however , wonderfully well qualified to undertake the government , and the conferences with him ended in his acknowledging that the whole right was in the company , his ancestors having forfeited it by their treacherous correspondence . The hon . baronet declared that he should have been much surprized if this had not been the result . Azum would no doubt be willing to believe that his ancestors had been capable of acting very improperly , since they confined him . This puppet was presented in form to lord Clive , on the 26th of July , and on the 28th was installed in the musnud , on which occasion , none of the nobles attended , except one , who was now an outcast from all parties . A treaty was executed on the 31st , in which it was stated that the hereditary right of Azum ul Dowlah to the throne of his ancestors had been acknowledged by the company . But this being communicated to the governor-general , this expression of right was objected to , and a direction sent to lord Clive to get the words altered , if he conveniently could , and to have it stated , that Azum had been established in the possessions of his ancestors by the liberality and moderation of the company 's government , which liberality extended to the provision of a guard of their own for him , and a promise of a sum to support his dignity . But , what was remarkable in this treaty was , that it in one part gave these possessions , and in another took them away . The rightful prince was , from the 15th of July , 1802 , to the day of his death , confined with his mother in the palace of Chepauk , which was his own private property ; but where , notwithstanding , Azum resided—The hon . baronet dwelt upon the imprudence and indecency of placing the prince in the same palace with the usurper , and stated that as soon as Mr. Addington heard of it , orders had been sent out to remove him . He would not charge the persons concerned in this with murder , such as that which was sometimes proved at the Old Bailey ; he would not say that lord Clive could have had an intention to have the prince assassinated ; but he affirmed , that those who placed him in such a dan- 319 gerous situation with their eyes open were in foro conscientiœ , in a great degree implicated . The hon . baronet here adverted to a pamphlet , entitled `` The Carnatic Question stated , '' and said that he never read so disgraceful a defence of any transaction , or one which was more calculated to condemn the party in whose favour it was written . With regard to what had been said of himself in it , he pitied the author if he wrote from necessity ; if not , he despised him . He had scarcely ever seen a production on any political question that contained such monstrous , he might say , such villainous doctrines . Was it tali auxilio , defensoribus istis , that marquis Wellesley was forced to be protected ? Reverting to the situation of the prince , he stated , that the unhappy man , after several ineffectual petitions to be removed , had written a letter , in which he strongly pleaded for being sent to another place , instead of being kept constantly in the power of the usurper , who had only to commit one act to finish his crimes . This proved prophetical ; for the prince not long after died of a dysentery . He would not take upon himself absolutely to affirm , that there was something unfair in this transaction , but he would say , that he believed there was