regiments , it would produce no benefit to the army , nor any saving to the public . The soldiers would not then be so well off as at present ; because it was the ambition of a colonel , who always had a regard for his regiment , to make the soldiers have as good an appearance as possible : and he generally spent more for the dress of the 1010 soldiers than was allowed by government for the purpose . congratulated the Church on the vigilance of the two Archbishops , who he conjectured were a few days ago visiting its outposts , as he had discovered them mounted on hussar saddles . [ A laugh , and a cry of order ! ] thought every thing the hon . member could wish was now fairly in train , and likely to be accomplished . He defended the treasury from any imputation of blame , but reprobated the idea of open-contracts , as tending to raise the price of commodities to government . concurred with the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) , in ridiculing the dress of some of our regiments , and especially the sudden changes of regimentals , the expence of which had compelled many officers to quit their regiments . Adverting to the scantiness of clothing in some cases , he declared that he had seen instances in which the dress of the soldiers of a regiment had been made so tight , that it had been burst by the sudden contraction occasioned by a shower of rain ; and the poor fellows were left with nothing but their shirts to cover a part of their bodies which he would not name . [ A laugh . ] On the whole , however , he believed that the clothing was conducted on a very equitable principle.—After a few words in explanation , Mr. Wardell withdrew his motions . rose to move for a separate bill on that Resolution , instead of allowing it to form a part of the general Appropriation bill . He would stale his reasons for making this proposition , of which he had given due notice , that it might not appear to be a sudden measure . The ordinary course of the house was to put all the grants of the year into the appropriation bill ; but , in adopt- 1011 ing the course which he was about to recommend , the house would not act in an unparliamentary or an unprecedented manner . If there ever was a case in which the ordinary course should be deviated from , it was the present , for very strong reasons , which he would distinctly show . With respect to the precedents on this subject , he would submit to the house a great variety of them . In the first place , he would state a number of cases of grants voted in the committee of supply to private individuals , with conditions annexed to them , some of which had beer , carried into effect solely by a separate bill , while others had been incorporated into the appropriation act . The first that he would mention was a vote of the house in a committee of supply , on the 10th of April 1739 , of 5000l . to Mrs. Johanna Steele , on condition that she would with all convenient speed make discovery of her remedy for curing the stone ; this vote was carried into effect by a separate bill , and did not appear in the appropriation act . Another vote was on the 28th of Jan. 1731 , of 14,000l . to sir Thomas Blome , as a recompence for the introduction of organzined silk into this country , on the condition that he should produce the models of his mills . This vote was carried into effect by a separate bill , but did make its appearance in the appropriation act . 5000l . had been voted in a committee of supply , to the family of Mr. Harrison , for his timepiece , on the condition that his