the success of this motion . If it were adopted , the proceedings would be much more rapid , the captors would be much benefited , and no disadvantage whatever would result to the crown or to the public . observed , that the business could not be better managed than it was by the king 's proctor and his assistants . He had heard no reason for an alteration in the system . Every reason , on the contrary , was against it . He affirmed that the officers of the navy would be very much injured by having the choice of their own proctors , as appeared from what actually took place from their having the appointment of their own agents . They had at present all the advantage that resulted 874 from the connection between the king 's proctor and the king 's advocate . A vast expence was often saved to the captors , which they would be put to in prosecuting bad causes , if they chose their own proctors . contended , that it was the duty of that house to watch and be jealous of every office . He hoped , as the right hon . gent . had said , if the hon . baronet should carry his motion , that he would extend his motion to the office of that right hon . gent . There were certainly in the commons many persons who were as well qualified as the king 's proctor to conduct the business . It had been said , that the interests of the navy itself were better provided for by the present practice ; but the contrary was the impression universally felt in the navy , though most unwarrantable measures were employed by the admiralty to stifle their complaints . He knew the fact , because a petition had been put into his hands , complaining of gross abuses , and signed by many of the most respectable persons in the navy , some of whom withdrew their names , in consequence of their having been menaced with the vengeance of the admiralty ; and he had refused to present the petition afterwards , lest he should thereby draw down that vengeance upon the parties . Upon these grounds he should support the Resolutions . stated that if a cause extended beyond the period of two years , it must be from the fault of the parties . He bore testimony to the respectability and integrity of the present king 's proctor , and expressed his surprise that this proposition should have come from any person connected with the navy . observed , that all the advantages which at present resulted from the king 's advocate having the management of the prize causes , would exist , though there should be two or more king 's proctors ; and that all the arguments about the injurious effect of an unrestricted liberty of choice were altogether inapplicable . Proceedings , he said , had often been retarded , owing to the management being in one person ; and justice to the neutrals , as well as to the captors , required that some alterations should take place . He could not see why the inconveniences might not be remedied without sacrificing any of the advantages . dissented from the motion of the hon . admiral , because , if any inconveniencies were felt from the 875 present mode of conducting business in the admiralty courts , it would not tend to remedy them . He opposed it in the second place , because it was perfectly novel in its nature : thirdly , because it was directly contrary to a former decision of the house , by which it had been rejected when it was formerly proposed : fourthly , because it proceeded upon a principle directly the reverse of that on which all causes were instituted in the court of appeals , namely , that these suits were conducted , not for the benefit of the captor , but for the benefit of the crown . He contended , that the navy were not interested in