that after the report should be printed , and a reasonable time afforded for its consideration , the sense of the house would be taken upon it , in order that the suspense that now existed should be brought to an end . condemned the opposition shewn to the report as premature ; the object of the report could yet be scarcely known , and certainly the reasons on which that object was founded , and the regulations and restrictions by which the proposed measure was to be accompanied , were not . He was satisfied , that no member of the committee would have voted for the report , if there could have been the slightest idea that the measure proposed would be injurious to agriculture . The committee was fairly formed of persons selected from every interest , and framed its report from the best view of the general situation and circumstances of the country . declared himself satisfied after the explanation of the chancellor of the exchequer , that the rumour of the members for the corn counties having been excluded from , improper motives , was without foundation . knew nothing of the Re- 60 port but its substance , and would reserve a perfect freedom of opinion till he had particularly examined it . He thought it right , however , to observe , that the illustration adduced by the right hon . gent . opposite did not apply . Bringing an additional quantity of land into cultivation only increased the supply of the article , and extended the competition in the market ; but , in this case , there was a prohibition of one article , and an exclusion of one set of dealers . stated , that the agricultural part of the community throughout the empire had felt the greatest alarm since the committee had been formed . It was therefore essential that the Report should be printed as speedily as possible , and that it should be circulated through the country , and full time given for the consideration of it . Then the sentiments of the farmers and land-owners might be conveyed to parliament ; the case would be decided on an attentive view of the whole of the merits ; and the landed interest would receive that protection to which it was entitled . said , the attention of the committee was always directed to the interests of the country , as well as to those , of the West India trade . He should have felt himself unworthy of the trust reposed in him as a member of the committee , if he had acted on any other principle . The measure recommended was but of a temporary nature , to be in force for twelve months from the 1st of July next ; and if the restriction should at any time be found injurious to the price of corn , it might be removed without delay . But , if the restriction on the exportation of corn from the port of London to the colonies should be taken off , the landed interest would gain more by opening that trade than it could by any possibility suffer from the limitation . He thought it right to state this now , to correct as far as possible the misconception and alarm that had gone abroad . Such explanation was the more essential , as from the voluminous nature of the Report , it would be a long time before it could be printed and circulated in such a manner as to do itself that justice . As a proof of the impartiality that regulated the formation of the Committee , he stated , that he did not know his name was on the list till he heard it pronounced from the chair . Most of the merchants on the committee were wholly unconnected with the West-Indies . stated , that the greatest alarm prevailed in the county he represented ( Ross ) , and the adjoining county of Sutherland , at the idea of the measure recommended in this report . He was sure there would be meetings