like a forgery . The hon . baronet dwelt very largely upon this point ; but divested of all the inflated language in which he represented it , the matter is very simple . The title given to Tippoo Sultan and Omdut ul Omrah , is probably not one tenth part of the original Persian title ; the title must be regarded as the arbitrary act of the translator , who did not chuse to waste his time in translating all the nonsense of these titles ; but knowing that Omdut ul Omrah was nabob of the Carnatic at the time he was translating the letter , he gave him the title which he then possessed : such is the obvious solution of this great mystery . The next letter which I shall notice is No . 11 : it is from the vakeels of Tippoo to their master , where Omdut ul Omrah says : You will give my respectful compliments by way of remembrance to his majesty , and inform him that he may consider me from my heart attached to him ; and that , please God , at a proper occasion , my fidelity towards him shall be made manifest to him . ' Sir , I am disposed in the examination of this correspondence to make the largest allowance for the exaggerated professions of friendship which the natives , and particularly the princes , of India , are in the habit of making to each other ; but when those professions are accompanied by actions , we can no longer doubt the sincerity of the intention . I remember what anxiety the British government suffered from the treacherous conduct of Omdut ul Omrah , in promising money which be afterwards withheld , and from the hostile obstructions of his affairs to our supplies in the war against Tippoo in 1799 ; and I do firmly believe that he did then fulfil the professions which he had made in 1792 to the sultan to the utmost limit of his power , consistent with the prudent con- 792 cealment of his purpose from lord Wellesley 's discernment . The hon . baronet treated with a considerable degree of ridicule , a translation of a note written with a pencil upon a half-sheet of post-paper , with an envelope of English paper , by his highness Omdut ul Omrah , apparently addressed to Gholam Ally khan . ' This letter , though signed Gholam Hussein , was imputed to Omdut ul Omrah , and without any evidence was assigned to Gholam Ally khan . These objections of the hon . baronet 's are carefully removed : Omdut ul Omrah often signed the name of Gholam Hussein to his letters , and frequently made use of English paper and a pencil . I have myself received a letter of this description from him ; and Mr. Edmonstone , the translator , than whom perhaps there never was a gentleman in India more skilful in Persian writing , knew Omdut ul Omrah 's hand-writing perfectly well . In regard to the letter being apparently addressed to Gholam Ally khan , it is almost impossible to assign it to any other person . From the contents of the letter , it was cordially addressed to a syeed in the confidence of Omdut ul Omrah , about the person of Tippoo , and connected with Ally Rizza Cawn : such was Gholam Ally 's situation ; he was a syeed , and had been with Ally Rizza , the channel of communication between Omdut ul Omrah and Tippoo , and was still at Seringapatam . The last letter which I shall notice is one written by Omdut ul Omrah to Gholam Ally khan , in the year 1797 , when he was nabob of the Gamatic . To this letter and the contents of it the hon . baronet objected , as being of the most trivial nature ; and in regard to the communications alluded to in it as having been made by two of Tippoo 's agents , Mahomed Ghauss , and Mahomed Ghose khan , it was not possible