soon ; that is , according to their view of it , get rid of their degradation , too soon ; hence perpetual strife , and , while the cause exists , the effect must continue . But my right hon . friend , who introduced this motion , told us that he had no expectation of carrying it . I am afraid that his apprehensions on the fate of his motion this night , are too well founded . But this I will say , that whoever shall vote this night against this motion , does not vote for the proposition , 'that the Catholics shall not come into any department of the state , ' but votes for the proposition ' that they shall not come into any in which they are not already , although they may hold some stations at present more generally important than those which they seek . ' You say , for instance , that a Catholic shall not be a director of a national bank , although he may be the greatest proprietor in that bank . You say that he shall not be a governor , or sheriff of a county , although he may be the greatest land-owner in it . You set your veto to his claims , and say , 'we have admitted you to a given extent , but we shall admit you no farther ; ' and this you are going to say in limine , before you have heard the evidence on which the Catholics rest their claim . If you refer the petition to a committee , you will then put the subject into a train of inquiry , and you may , afterwards , decide what shall , and what shall not be done . But if you negative this petition , you do that which is equivalent to saying , that the Catholics shall remain , for ever , in the state in which they are at present . But I have heard some persons , even in this house , say that the refusal of the present application of the Catholics will put their claims to rest for ever . Of all the presumptuous folly of the opponents of the Catholics , this is , assuredly , the greatest . Do you 615 suppose that four millions of people will , for ever , comply with your wishes , or gratify your desires ? that they will , for ever , give you the whole of their loyalty—the whole of their attachment—defend you on all occasions—support you in all contests—sacrifice for you their fortunes and their lives ; and shall not require , alter all , any thing from you in return ? No , no ; you should not expect it , for it is not in human nature that things should go on thus for ever . You may suppose that the Catholics will be more ready to submit their claims upon your justice when one set of men are in power , than when another set of men are in power ; but , believe me , they will urge their claims , whatever set of men may be in power , they are fully conscious of the justice of those claims , and they will never forego them , out of compliment to those who may happen at any time to be in place . They tell you , they protest to you , upon their solemn oath , that they are as loyal as the best of you ; that they are genuine friends to their country and yours ; they ask you to afford them an opportunity of shewing , and of proving that loyalty , and that attachment to the true interests of their country . They desire to be allowed to contribute , in the most effective manner , to the exigency of the state . They are willing , they are eager , to spill their blood in its defence . You should therefore treat them as loyal and patriotic men ; and rank them among the best subjects which you have