administration . About 400,000 quarters of malt were consumed in the distilleries , and three millions and a half in the breweries ; and if it was not for the improvement in science , the quantity of barley consumed in the breweries would be double what it was . It appeared that this country imported to the amount of 700,000 quarters of corn annually ; and though he thanked God that he had no apprehension of a scarcity , yet he thought they ought to be apprehensive of the rise that might take place in the price of bread . A right hon . gent . had said on a former night , that this measure would be a violation of the act of union ; and that they ought not , under the temptation of an immediate convenience , to suspend the provisions of that act . No man 497 more anxiously than himself wished that the articles of union between the two countries should be preserved from violation , so far as the principles of good faith required ; but why was it necessary to adhere to the letter of these articles , in opposition to a measure of great public utility ? all that was asked of Ireland was , that at a period of great distress to a valuable part of his majesty 's subjects , whilst , this country with a view to their relief suspended the distillation from corn , Ireland should suspend its export of spirits to this country . The right hon . gent , then recapitulated his various arguments , and concluded with expressing a hope , that the measure in the guarded shape he had suggested , would be acceded to . allowed the distress of the West India Planters and Merchants , and would be ready to give them relief in any other way than this . He had suggested for that purpose a reduction of the duty on such sugar as should be employed in the feeding of cattle . But , whilst he was anxious to afford relief to the West Indies , he could not consent to such a measure as the present , which would press exclusively on the landed interest . The present price of barley was not extraordinary , considering the shortness of the last crop . For these reasons he should oppose the Speaker 's leaving the Chair . rose and said ; * —Mr . Speaker ; Having been a pretty diligent member of this committee ; having concurred in the report and the measure originally recommended in it ; having also , though with much less satisfaction to my own mind , acceded to the measure afterwards proposed ; I was very desirous to offer my opinion on the subject , when it was last under discussion ; and I was the more anxious to obtain your notice , because it so happened , that not ; one of this laborious committee had an opportunity to vindicate their report , excepting indeed one honourable member who spoke very shortly at the beginning of the debate , and an honourable friend of mine , who obtained something like a hearing when the house was exhausted , and could no longer command its attention to a speech which , at a more auspicious moment , could not have failed to make the deepest impression.—Sir ; this subject presents itself in two * From the original edition , printed for J. Stockdale , Piccadilly . 498 distinct points of view.—First as a matter of domestic economy ; and here we have to enquire merely whether the situation of the country be such as to demand measures of precaution in regard to its supply of corn ; and if that were found to be the case , whether the present measure be a fit one for the purpose.—Next it should be regarded as a measure of relief to the colonies ; and then the enquiry will be , whether the colonies need relief ? whether as a matter of policy in regard to our own interest , and as a matter of justice in