the legal heir , would have been left to the poverty and obscurity from which he was elevated to the musnud . Twenty four hours were given for the unfortunate prince to determine on the acceptance of the terms offered him by the Company . This was called a treaty , but it was not so : it might be a cession , or a surrender , but could not be called a treaty , where one of the contracting parties gave up independance , and indeed every thing he possessed . The prince , young as he was , determined not 927 to disgrace the memory of his father ; he rejected the proposal : and if there was a heart in the house , not entirely devoid of humanity , they must feel in the most acute manner , when he read the narrative , giving an account of his noble behaviour . Here the learned gent , read the description of the conduct of prince Ally Hussein , as transmitted by lord Clive . It had been often observed , that there was but a short interval between the deposition from the throne , and the grave ; it was verified in this case . He did not mean to say that violence was used , only that so it happened . The defenders of the measure said it was good for humanity and for the inhabitants of the Carnatic , to have an European substituted for a native government . If this were true , it ought to have been done openly , and by force , and not by having recourse to base arts , false pretences , and a mockery of justice . He hoped some of the ministers would now break silence , and give a satisfactory statement of an affair which seemed so horrible to those who agreed with him . He could wish the statesmen among them to defend its policy , and his learned friend ( the solicitor general ) to shew that it was not a perversion of justice . How could they reconcile it to their consciences , to give silent votes on what so deeply concerned the character of that empire of which they were chosen the directors ? For this was not a vote upon the conduct of marquis Wellesley , but upon the honour of the British nation . It was to declare , whether the acts of government in India were consistent with British justice , and to give an example to all future governors in India . It was either to tell them that we were determined to be just , or that the house would sanction and approve of seizing the dominions of our allies , and of violating every principle of justice and humanity . observed , that from the manner in which this question was discussed , it might be supposed that it was only in its commencement ; but he would ask gentlemen whether they could so soon forget that the house had already come to a grave decision upon it ? The house had resolved , by a great , majority , that there was no ground whatever for the most material part of the charges relative to the Carnatic question , and negatived the motions containing such charges . The house was then in the singular situation of being called on to give redress in a transaction , of which 928 it had already by its vote expressed its approbation . No question had ever met with a more marked decision on the part of parliament than the present , if he was to take the sense of parliament from numbers . The learned gent , who spoke last observed , that ministers had taken no part in this discussion . That was not precisely the fact ; but if they took so small a part , it did not arise from any want of conviction as to the opinion they entertained on the subject . For his own part , he entertained great doubts whether the speech of the learned gent , would produce any good