with such a deficiency , they laid before that house a statement which went to show a surplus of 8 millions . The petition stated , that the Indian debt must fall upon the Indian territory . How far this was a doctrine which would be relished by the creditors of the Company abroad , to the amount of 32 millions , it was not for him to say . He should move in two ways : 1st , for the document which the Company had laid before the committee : and , 2dly , for the satisfaction of the Indian creditor and of the public , he should move for an account of the amount of all loans made by the company in India , and of the terms and conditions on which the same were made.—The petition also alledged the state of Europe , as one of the leading causes of the embarrassment in their affairs . To prove the fallacy of this , he should also move for a document to shew the nature of the Indian trade on the continent , from which it would be seen , that the Indian trade was becoming worse and worse year after year , long before any change in our relations on the continent had taken place . The hon . gent . knew there was no probability of the Committee making any report on this business , at the present advanced period of the session ; and the Company , by their own statement , had forced him to bring forward the present motions . If he should be told , that he was a member of the committee , and that he should go to them and make them parties to the motion , his reason for not doing so was this ; he made his charge against the directors 130 Was he to go to the committee and to appeal to them ; or to the two directors who were members of the committee , and whose votes he must expect on such a subject to be against him ? He said , that the formation of that committee was radically bad . The question was , were the Company bankrupts ? And these two directors were the persons who were to say so or not , and to advise the country whether or not it should make a loan to their own Compapany ! Without imputing any thing to these hon . gentlemen , he must be allowed to say , that they were not the persons who should have been appointed members of such a committee . He said , moreover , that the hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Dundas ) , should not have been a member of the committee . His father had been the author of the system . He had committed himself year after year , as to prognostics and prophecies of its stability and greatness ; and his son should not have been , put on a committee which was to decide on the life or death of a Company , to the death of which he could not naturally be expected to be a willing witness . He said the same of the person ( lord Castlereagh ) who succeeded the noble lord alluded to ; and there were others on the Committee , whom , without being understood as saying any thing invidious against them , he could not forbear also from referring to , as receiving pensions out of the East India Company 's funds . Could any principle , he asked , be more absurd , than that they should be persons fixed on as a committee on such a subject ? He said it was a great defect , that the honourable gentleman ( Mr. Dundas ) should have 7000l. , another person near him not quite so much , and that a third , who had been a judge in India , should have a pension from the Indian revenue , and yet be members of a committee to whom such matters were referred . Without imputing any personal motives to