lord Chatham , a system had been adopted for putting the coasts of the eastern district in a similar stale of defence . This system had been suspended under the late administration , who certainly could not have been expected to adopt it , without taking time to give it the most serious consideration . A considerable deal had also been done in Ireland for the protection of the principal harbours , particularly Cork harbour and Bantry Bay . His lordship concluded with some observations on the advantages which he thought the country would derive from the Local Militia bill . considered , that the danger which this country was exposed to was greater than all the plans of the noble lord , even with the addition of the proposed system of fortification , would be able to meet . The question which remained between him and the noble lord , was , whether one or 200,000 men , enrolled under the Training act , and liable to be called upon in case of actual invasion , to recruit the army , was , or was not , a more effectual means for the defence of the country than the establishment of this Local Militia ? He was sorry to find that ministers had not yet made up their minds upon the subject of fortifications for the internal defence of the country ; but as to those works , which were projected by lord Chatham , the noble lord did justice to the late administration , in saying that they were bound in duty not to adopt such a system without the fullest consideration . There was scarcely any subject on which there was a greater contrariety of opinion ; and the opinion of the general officers who were to command in the field , was of at least as much consequence as that of the engineers who were to execute the works . He complained of the noble lord , however , for weakening the military system that was handed down to him by the late administration . He had found the system of recruiting so productive and exuberant , that he doubtless 956 thought it his duty to apply the pruning knife , and he understood the recruiting service had suffered considerably by the measures of the noble lord . , of Kerry , recommended to the consideration of the noble lord the propriety of an interchange of the militias of the two countries . Such a measure would come with peculiar propriety from that noble lord , to whom Ireland had already contracted such a debt of gratitude , by his effecting the grand object of an union . Whatever might be the ultimate determination of government on the grand subject of internal defence , by fortification , it would be well worth the attention of the noble lord to consider of the most effectual means of securing the country in the time of danger . Much had been done , and yet much remained , particularly in Ireland . He had however little doubt , that under the superintendance of the noble lord nothing would be left unattempted which could prove serviceable to the public security , or honourable to the exertions of himself and his colleagues.—The bill was then read a third time , and passed . gave notice of a motion for the next session , probably when the Mutiny act should be before the house , the object of which would be the protection of soldiers who had entered for limited service , in consequence of the regulations of the year before last . His proposition would be to prevent such soldiers from consenting to extend their service for life , until the expiration of the engagement which they had already contracted . repeated the arguments so often urged by the opposers of this measure . He considered it extremely dangerous to the interests of the Church , by granting such considerable power to the bishops , which would not fail to produce contention amongst the whole body of the clergy . The bill , moreover , was altogether inefficient to its purpose