1798 , between Russia , England , and the Porte , the obligation of which treaties had become void by the peace of Amiens , after which any right we or the Russians had to sail in the Turkish seas , ceased . The Russians had only acquired a right to pass from the Black Sea in single ships , for the purpose of throwing supplies into the Ionian republic , which right was to be at an end when that republic should be settled , and it did end when the whole fell into the power of Buonaparte ; and he contended , that our negociations to reconcile the Porte and Russia , ought to have been carried on at Petersburg , rather than at Constantinople , the Russians having been the aggressors . The hon . gent , then proceeded to consider the policy of the Expedition , and maintained that it was extremely unwise , for any trifling object , to alienate from us the minds of the Turks , who had been extremely well disposed to us . In order to prove that this was the case , he read a variety of documents , proving the favourable disposition of the Turks , Main alukes , and Arabs , in Egypt , and throughout the Ottoman empire ; observing at the same time , that the persons at the head of the Turkish government were no less favourably disposed towards us than the people . He also found fault with the way in which the orders for the execution of this enterprize had been arranged . By passing the Dardanelles , which we had no right to do , we had commenced hostilities before negotiation . The ambassador had been unwisely trusted with too much discretionary power . The attack on the Turkish ships was an useless object ; the number of ships was not equal to the enterprize ; and lord Collingwood ought to have been allowed to choose any officer he pleased , to conduct the Expedition . With respect to the expedition to Alexandria , he had not been able to see its object and policy , and it had been so mismanaged as to bring dishonour upon the British arms . The hon . gent , read a variety of documents in support of his argument , and concluded by moving four Resolutions , the first of which was as follows , viz . `` That his majesty 's fleet , under the command of sir J. Duckworth , appeared in the vicinity of Constantinople , on the 20th of 477 Feb. 1807 , and after having remained there for ten days , retired without effecting any important object . '' The other Resolutions went to express a sense which the house , entertained of the disgrace that the disastrous result of the Expedition reflected on the honour and character of his majesty 's arms.—On the first Resolution being put , expressed the satisfaction which he felt , after such repeated delays , in at length finding the motion substantially before the house , and in such a shape as to render it tangible . Far was he from complaining of the institution of inquiries of this nature . On the contrary , he deemed it most desirable , that those men who had exercised public functions should be called upon , in the face of the house and the country , to account for their conduct . More particularly were he and his colleagues gratified by the institution of the present enquiry , which would enable them to remove any unfavourable impression with respect to their conduct in this affair , if such impression existed , although if it did , he was at a loss how to conceive in what it could have originated . As well sis he could understand his majesty 's present ministers , they had expressly disclaimed any participation in the institution of this enquiry , still , however , thinking it their duty to consent to it , and to allow of the production of the papers on which it was to be founded .