of one general report , exhibiting a complete detail of the internal state of agriculture of the kingdom . This , it must be admitted , was a very important object , and one of great public utility . To complete this object , only 1500l . would be required , a sum , which , as it was not to be annual , but was merely an accidental expence , he was convinced the house would not think of any moment , when compared with the advantages to be expected from the report . He therefore moved , `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to order , that the sum of 1500l . be paid to the Board of Agriculture , to enable them to complete the Reports , which they are now engaged in collecting from the different parts of the country , for the purpose of framing a general report of the state of agriculture throughout the kingdom . `` —His majesty 's consent being signified to this application , the address was agreed to . said he should have felt it to be his duty to address the house at considerable length on this subject , did he not understand that the inquiry which it was his intention to propose , would not meet with any opposition . He should , therefore , abstain from any of those details which if entered into could not fail to disgust the feelings of the house , and might provoke irritation among those who were more immediately the objects of suffering . He was satisfied that an inquiry into the evils complained of would do ministers credit , and he would rather have seen them enter into it voluntarily , than urged on to the investigation . In bringing forward the present question , he declared that he was actuated solely by that feeling which he hoped hitherto had characterized , and should continue to characterize , his parliamentary conduct ; a consciousness of the propriety , if not of the necessity , of what he proposed , and an ardent desire to discharge his duty to the public . The right hon . gent . then proceeded to quote the reports of the inspector-genera of prisons in Ireland . He remarked that many of the evils which now existed had been enumerated in the report 1132 of 1805 , but that no notice had ever been taken of them in that house , although it appeared from that report , that , out of 1500 or 1600 persons imprisoned during 1803 , not one in 500 of the committals had been made upon oath , and that fifteen-sixteenths of them had been discharged without trial , or any evidence even of a suspicion of their guilt being produced . From the report of the inspector for the year 1807 , numberless heavy grievances appeared to exist . In some , instances , the jails were insecure ; in some , the jailors were represented as inhuman fellows ; in Cork county and city , the scite of the prison was swampy , and calculated to produce fevers and agues , and jobbing and avarice had no bounds . Throughout the whole , the low salaries of the jailors were pleaded as the excuse for corruption , extortion , and negligence . As to food , in some instances the loaf was scandalously small , to many prisoners not three-fourths of a pound of bread was given a day . He particularly alluded to the state of Kilmainham jail , and to the conduct of Dr. Trevor , superintendant of it . He had abstained from bringing forward this business till he was in possession of evidence under the hands of the parties concerned , as to the conduct of this person , who was represented in the narratives of messrs. Tandy and Mason as of the most inhuman , hardened , and malignant disposition . The right hon . gent , proceeded to read several very serious charges against this person , and concluded with moving