, and stated that he trusted the house would excuse any omission he might make in delivering his sentiments ; for he felt the pressure of great age and bodily infirmity . It would become him , in the best manner he could , to give to the house the reasons which had led to the introduction of the present bill , and then to give a description of the provisions contained therein . Their lordships would take into consideration 1087 that evils had arisen in the church on account of the non-residence of its clergy . It was not merely reading prayers and preaching on a Sunday which formed the chief functions of a clergyman . Residence amongst the people of a parish , visiting them frequently , praying with and comforting the sick , instructing the ignorant , encouraging the virtuous , reproving the vicious , catechising the children , and superintending the schools instituted for their education , were duties which more immediately belonged to the office of a clergyman , and more essentially promoted the cause of religion . But , to accomplish this purpose , it was necessary to resort to the means provided by the present bill , which was no more than to lake from those who did nothing , a reasonable allowance for the curate who performed the whole of the service for which the living itself was at first granted . To perform the several duties he had mentioned , it was highly proper that the resident clergyman should possess that degree of property which would enable him to appear with respectability , and have wherewith to relieve , on particular occasions , the distresses of his indigent parishioners . The introduction of this bill , therefore , became absolutely necessary for the welfare of the people , and the true interests of the Christian religion . An act passed in the 36th of the present reign , granting to the curate 75l . per arm . and the parsonage-house , in case of the incumbent 's non-residence , or 15l . in lieu thereof if he did reside ; but , if their lordships would recollect the high price of the necessaries of life , if they would reflect that curates in general were men of taste and literature , that they had been accustomed to support a decent appearance in the world , that they had been brought up at the university , and then , if they would also consider , that many of them had a wife , and seven or eight children , whom they were obliged to maintain out of so small a salary , he submitted to their opinion , that the situation of such a curate was absolute beggary . If he were disposed to take up their lordships ' time , he had it in his power to pourtray such scenes of distress amongst poor curates , as would make a deep and melancholy impression upon their minds . The present measure went to provide a proper person to reside in those parishes which were deserted by their incumbents , where the living amounted to 400l . and upwards , and to allow , out of that income , one-fifth 1088 for the support of that person , so appointed , to do the duty . There were many benefices of 1,000l . 2,000l . and some of 3,000l . a-year , but this provision of one-fifth was adopted only till it amounted to 250l . a-year . Now , it had been said , that ' the principle of this bill was a violation of private property , and an innovation upon the ecclesiastical establishment ; but , if we considered what had been done by the legislature in the 12th of queen Anne , and 36th of the present king , we should be convinced that such interference was not unprecedented . He considered that the living of every incumbent was conditional , and the canons of the church and various conventions , clearly shewed that it was according to the ecclesiastical law , that bishops had a right to