c.—Extract : March 12th , 1808 . Although Mr. Calcraft has taken upon himself to assert in the house of commons that your appointment as captain of the Baltic fleet gave universal disgust , I do assure you it is not a fact . Some few officers made some objections , but I am certain four-fifths were decidedly in your favour ; and as to your conduct after your appointment , it was such , in personal attention , arrangement , promptitude , unceasing exertion , and zeal in the faithful discharge of your duty , as obtained you the highest credit with every officer I conversed with on the subject . I am , & c.—Extract : May 10th , 1808 . I want words to express my astonishment at the observations ( respecting your appointment as captain of the Baltic fleet ) made by Mr. Calcraft ; as the fact is , that so far from an outrage , it was conformable to several precedents , and so popular in the fleet , that I never heard one dissenting voice ; and on the conclusion of the service , every officer in the fleet , in their general conversation , bore the highest testimony to the impartiality , unremitted zeal , promptitude , spirit , activity , most gentlemanlike and congenial deportment , with which you conducted yourself , and thereby gave such cheerful and universal satisfaction . As to myself , who have served upwards of thirty years in the navy , I can only observe , that I think the country highly indebted to lord Mulgrave for his discernment and judicious selection , in appointing you captain of the Baltic fleet . '—These letters are written by officers , who either commanded line of battle ships in the expedition to Copenhagen , or do command them now ; many of them I never saw before that expedition , and probably it will be well not to read their names , as it may tend to some party irritation ; but that 741 will rest with the honourable gentleman . I trust the house will excuse me for taking tip so much of its time , but I must ask the honourable gentleman whether , if any prejudices existed to my appointment , any had manifested themselves to my conduct in that appointment ? I shall feel the greatest obligation to that honourable gentleman if he will produce any three officers , and I will give him the wide range of an extensive army to go to , who have any fault to find with my conduct , personal or public , in the different duties entrusted to my care . And I shall now ask any candid mind , whether entering on a department under the disadvantages of personal prejudice , and retiring under the approbation of his general conduct , is not more meritorious than entering on a department without any adverse prejudice , and retiring without the least approbation.—It will ill become me to enter upon my immediate answers to the different points which the hon . gent , has urged with so much ingenuity , before I offer to you , sir , and to this house , my most sincere thanks for the patience and indulgence with which I have already been honoured . The house , however , will observe , that the transactions now under discussion originated twenty years ago ; and as all other efforts have failed to abase me in the estimation of my country , these have been resorted to . The Cape , Buenos Ayres , and Copenhagen , have been worked threadbare ; no more is expected to result from them , and as little I trust will result from this ; for whatever length the examination may go to , it can never alter the principal feature of the case , that I preferred active employment to the dissipation of every description which at that time I might have entered into . The charges which the hon . gent . has brought forward , I shall class under four heads ; that I went