would be politic . It should never be forgotten , in considering this subject , that the guards which were necessary to maintain our religious liberties were not the less necessary for the support of our civil liberties . He could see no ground for putting this question to the Judges , unless it was first ascertained that some legislative proceeding was to be founded upon it , nor had he heard of any doubt upon the subject of the interpretation of the act . expressed his surprise that the noble and learned lord had declared opinions now which he did not do when the general question was under discussion , 905 and when they could have been fairly met . He thought it most extraordinary with respect to this question , that where the law was not understood , it should be argued that they ought not to adopt means for the purpose of understanding it . This obscurity , which was now to be thrown into the science of legislation , reminded him of the metaphysics of Kant , and the poetry of Klopstock ; of the former it was said , by one of his ardent admirers , that he wrote most sublimely , that he had written what no man ever understood , and what he himself did not understand . Klopstock wrote , when young , a poem entitled Creation , in which were some sublime passages , and some rather obscure ; two students at Leipsic , meeting with one of these obscure passages , which they could not understand , at length agreed to ask Klopstock himself for an explanation ; they met him at Hamburgh , and asked the question : his reply was . ' I dare say what I wrote was very good , and very sublime ; I dare say I meant something , but I confess I can not now tell what I did mean . ' A similar obscurity was , it seemed , to be thrown over the point which it was now sought to explain . opposed putting a question to the Judges , on the ground that no practical good could be derived from it . thought that in this instance there was clearly a doubt , and that the only way of getting rid of it was to have the opinion of the Judges . saw no ground for putting the question , unless the house should previously determine to found on it some legislative proceeding . thought it essentially desirable , that where doubts existed as to the construction of laws about to be continued , those doubts should be removed . No person could argue against the removal of the doubts existing in the case before their lordships , but those who thought it matter of perfect indifference whether catholics should or should not be directors of the bank of Ireland . To those who were adverse to the admission of catholics to the direction , and to those who were friendly to that admission , the removal of the doubts , confirmed by the very proviso of the present bill , for preserving to the catholics the full enjoyment of the rights granted in 1793 , by the act of the Irish parliament , was matter of the greatest importance . , in reply , observed , that 906 notwithstanding the ingenuity of the noble lords who had opposed the proposition , they had failed in their reasoning . The arguments against it had , indeed , amounted to all that could have been expected against so clear and obvious a proposition ; namely , nothing at all . He was now to learn , for the first time , that they were first to decide what should be law , and then to ask the Judges what was the law ; they were first to enact , and then to ask for explanation . The noble and learned lord had said , that he had never heard of any doubt upon the subject ; this was most extraordinary ; they had heard in the course of the week of