them as a long and rigorous imprisonment , without assigning any specific charge , and refusing their repeated applications to be brought to trial to confront their accusers . He thought that British subjects ought not to be subjected to such severities , without strong and positive grounds of crimination . However , there were some other petitions to be presented of a similar nature , and as soon as they should all come before the house , he should name a day for submitting a proposition on the subject , when the right hon . Secretary would have an opportunity of explaining himself fully.—The petitions were ordered to lie on the table . rose to move for leave to bring in a bill to prevent the spreading of the Small Pox infection . It was not his intention to attempt enforcing the vaccine inoculation . He would leave that open to the operation of its own merits . But with respect to the Small Pox , it was often found that the infection was widely spread from the modern mode of treating that disease ; 714 for the patients , instead of being closely confined to their rooms , as was formerly the custom , under the modern practice were ordered to walk abroad , by which means the air of the vicinage was infected , and the disease communicated through whole districts . His object in this bill , then , would be to prevent any persons from opening houses for Small Pox inoculation within less than three miles distance from any great town , village , or assemblage of dwelling houses joined together ; and to oblige all such persons to keep their patients within doors during the whole continuance of the disorder ; and also where any person shall have caught the infection in any such town , & c. to enable the parish officers , at the parish expence , to remove such person to the distance of three miles , until recovered from the disorder ; and where any infected persons shall appear abroad , to enable the parish-officers to enforce their return within doors . He meant also to enforce the observance of this law by penalties , which should be applied to the relief of the persons who , by their means , shall have caught the disease : but such penalties not to be paid until two months after conviction : and then , if no mischief shall have accrued to others from the misconduct of the parties , the magistrates to have a discretion in mitigating the fine . If leave was given to bring in the bill , he meant to have it printed , and to be over until next session.—Leave was given accordingly . rose to bring forward his promised resolution for declaring catholics eligible to fill the high offices of the Bank of Ireland . Of all the restrictions which the penal laws of Ireland had imposed upon the catholics , he commented on the absurdity of enacting that the creed of a Director in a commercial establishment should be a bar to the exertion of his talents in promoting the interests of the concern ; or that , in appointing a director , the proprietors of such a concern should be bound , in the first instance , to inquire into his form of worship . Ireland was the only country in Europe where this was the case . But , in the act for establishing the Bank of Ireland , no such restriction appeared ; and it was only in the charter made out in consequence of that act , that any idea of religious restriction was introduced . By an act of 1793 , the Irish parliament had very much relaxed those restrictions which precluded Irish catholics from holding certain offices , and 715 reduced the number to a very few offices of state . But he believed no man ever imagined the office of a bank director was one from which it was intended to exclude them ; on the contrary , he had the assurance of a secretary of state for