and which I shall endeavour to carry into effect , by moving to insert it as one of the matters to be referred to the consideration and report of the commissioners . It does not seem to me that there can be the least objection to its introduction in that way , because directing the inquiry concludes nothing ; and it must be a great advantage to suggest to the consideration of the commissioners a matter so very important , and what might not otherwise be considered by them as a subject with respect to which they are authorised , by any general words in the bill , to examine and report . But before I enter upon the merits of this most material question , I wish to obviate an objection which I am aware will be made to my amendment . I know it will be said , that what regards the mode of reporting cases , or collecting decisions , is a matter for the court to regulate by rules of court , ( in Scotland called acts of sederunt . ) To this I answer , that the commissioners are directed to inquire into , and report respecting matters which are equally the subject of acts of sederunt . It appears , by the recital in the fifth page of the bill , that the commissioners are to inquire into the forms of process ; and it is enacted in the sixth page , that they should report in what manner the forms of process might be improved , and the particular matters , many of which might be regulated by acts of sederunt , are there specified.—What I shall propose , therefore , is only adding one further head of inquiry to those already inserted of a similar nature , to enable the legislature to judge , with full information , obtained from the report of the commissioners , of a subject which can not fail to appear to be one of great importance.—But , besides , sir , as the court is now constituted , and as it will remain constituted even after this bill passes into a 1077 law , I despair , without the authoritative intervention of the legislature , of seeing any thing done on this subject . Although the court is divided into two chambers , for the purpose of dispensing justice , the power of making acts of sederunt , or rules of court , is still to remain with the whole body of fifteen Judges acting together for that purpose ; so that there is no power given to each chamber or division of making rules for itself . I am not discussing whether this is right or wrong , but shewing that , if the mode of reporting which I have to propose has been viewed with any prejudice by the court of session heretofore , it is probable that that prejudice will continue to operate . But , oesides this , it is very material to know , that the system of reporting which I propose to recommend for introduction , has , in fact , been already attempted , and has been suppressed by the court of session.— A gentleman of the name of Bell , who showed himself highly qualified for the business , whose reports are universally allowed to be most accurate , did commence reporting the opinions of the judges individually . But his reports were forbidden , by the court of session , to be cited as authority in that court ; and , by this means , after having acquired great reputation , Mr. Bell was obliged to abandon his pursuit . I do not mention this with a view to find fault with the acts of the court ; they may have been influenced by a sense of duty in protecting the regularly appointed collectors of decisions . But I mention it as a most important fact , to show the opinion of the court upon such a subject , and to satisfy the house that , without the interposition of parliament , it is not to be expected