reply . The proposition relative to the future appointment of catholic bishops in Ireland was , to his knowledge , long in contemplation , although the catholics had not , until lately , thought proper to make it public . It was a proposition , indeed , known to his right hon . friend now no more ( Mr. Pitt ) , and was one of those guards and conditions with which he meant to accompany the concessions which he proposed to grant to the Catholic body . With regard to the nature of the proposition itself , he should rather think , that instead of presenting the names of three persons to the king , for his majesty to choose one from among them , as had been mentioned , it would be more eligible to present but one name , and if that were rejected , another , and so on in succession until bag majesty 's approbation should be obtained.—As to the personal animadversions in which some noble lords had thought proper to indulge , he really thought that whatever reflections might be made upon his character , it would have been quite secure upon the question at present before then-lords , through his solicitude for which he had twice sacrificed the highest offices in the state.—Upon a division , the numbers were : Contents 74 Non-Contents 161 Majority 87 submitted a variety of calculations , tending to shew the inefficacy and inutility of the measure . If ever there was a period , when a man would be disinclined to increase his income at the expence of his capital , it must be at that period when there was a tax upon income , and none upon capital . He objected to the plan particularly , because it interfered with the sinking fund , and with the faith of the country pledged in consequence of that measure ; but he did not do so in the abstract ; he objected to it because it was indirect infraction of that measure , without being calculated to produce any advantage to the country . He was against any interference with the sinking fund , unless it was to restore it to the state in which it stood previous to the year 1802 . In that case the public would begin , in the next year , or in the year following , to feel the advantages of it ; but by the present measure this alleviation of the public burthens must be protracted for a number of years . The act stipulated that the commissioners should , from time to time , from year to year , lay out large sums in the purchase of stock . It was no answer to those who had contracted on the faith of these annual purchases , and who might have done so with the view of a speedy sale , to say , 'there is no harm done , in the course of ten years perhaps things will be restored to their proper and ordinary course . ' Having once adopted the present measure , it would be in vain to say that the sinking fund was intended to be held sacred ; for in agreeing to this proposition the house practised one of the grossest infractions upon it . The right hon . gent , dwelt on the extravagant inducement which this measure held out to 698 a man , probably 70 years of age , to leave his family and relatives destitute , seeing he could thus raise his own income in the proportion of 12 to 3 , or instead of 100l . could procure for his own life 400l . per annum . If , therefore , the right hon . gent . was to carry through the measure , he hoped he would limit the age . But , on the whole , he submitted to the committee , that the present was a measure which ought not to be suddenly gone into . had no expectation , that the progress of the measure proposed would be very rapid . The present was not a