when those disgraceful transactions commenced which the right hon . gent , opposite had not coloured more strongly than they deserved . On the 5th of July 1801 , colonel M'Neil advanced to the palace of Chepauk , with troops , under pretence of preventing commotion at the death of Omdut ul Omrah . On their entrance the old monarch , labouring under the disorder which in eight days after terminated his existence , sprung from his bed and begged of major Grant not to expose him to the contempt of his subjects , by penetrating into the interior of his palace ; and major Grant applied for instructions to col. M'Neil , who from motives of humanity did not enter . The troops , however , remained , surrounding the palace from the 5th to the 15th , when Omdut ul Omrah died , to all appearance in perfect amity with the company . At no period were our dominions in India more quiet and secure than at the time when this outrage was committed , under the pretence of guarding against a petty commotion . On the same day on which the old monarch died , the prince , his 317 heir , was dragged from his apartment , and called upon to answer to certain interrogatories , on a charge of treachery preferred against his father . He was told that his father and grandfather had carried on a treacherous correspondence with Hyder Alli and Tippoo Sultaun , and that he , though innocent , was to be deprived of his dominions and reduced to the situation of a private person , where he expected to be a sovereign ; that his succession would be set aside , and another placed on the musnud , unless he complied with certain requisitions , which were , that he should give up the civil and military administration of his possessions , and accept of an indefinite sum to keep up his dignity , and of a body guard furnished by the company.—The hon . baronet gave a minute detail of the various conferences between the commissioners of our Indian government and the prince , who , with the advice of two old khans , appointed regents by his father , refused to accede to these conditions ; though these khans were willing to give any reasonable security for the payment of the kist . Among the expedients tried in order to procure the prince 's consent , intimidation was one . Troopers with drawn swords paraded before the tent in which one of the conferences was held , and the prince was told that the propositions did not solely originate with lord Clive , but that they were sanctioned by the governor-general , by the court of directors , and by the British government . If the directors had sanctioned this conduct , their letters of approbation would , no doubt , have appeared ; and it was incumbent on those who had been members of the British government at the time to clear themselves , and to declare that they knew nothing of this transaction . But , if they were silent , he would prove that they could not have known it . The prince , however , still continued to rely upon the faith and protection of the company , and was at last told to prepare to receive the final resolution of the governor-general , which was , that his future situation would be that of a private person considered as hostile to the British interests . Where was British justice then ? From the year 1798 , when lord Wellesley had landed in India , the kists had been paid with a fidelity almost unprecedented , and yet this was the result . When the commissioners had set aside the prince , one would have thought that they would have applied to the next in succession ; but no : they passed over two , 318 and opened a negociation with Azum ul Dowlah , who from his situation , they imagined would be most likely to comply with all their requisitions . He