he did not imagine the house was prepared to go that length . For his part , he had often stated what were his sentiments with regard to the claims of the catholics , and he would now again repeat them . His opinion and determination was , to make his stand at the act of union ; to maintain the laws as they stood at that period ; to abide by the concessions that had been made up to that period ; but not to accede to any other that had since been called for . Concession , in his opinion , had gone as far as was compatible with the security of the constitution in church and state ; and nothing should bring him to endanger that security , by yielding to the further claims of the catholics . contended that the noble secretary was doing that which he himself was reprobating in others ; for he was prejudging the question , by the tone he assumed in ultimately deciding on the claims of the catholics . If the Judges decided that the catholics were eligible , he would move that the law be altered on the subject , if his noble friend who made the motion should not think proper to do so . thought it most extraordinary that the noble secretary of state should wish to keep the house in ignorance , as to what was the law . It was said of catholic priests , that they wished to keep their flocks in ignorance , and prevent them even from reading holy writ ; and it might almost be supposed that the noble lord , in wishing to keep the house in ignorance , really cherished and acted upon the same principles . Those noble lords , however , who saw the greater danger in offices being held by catholics , must surely concur in endeavouring to ascertain the law upon this subject , as , if catholics were eligible to the direction of the Bank , the greatest to the state must in the opinion of those noble lords ensure . 904 Instead of the plain and obvious way of ascertaining the law proposed by his noble friend , the noble secretary of state had recommended a law-suit ; first , there was to be all the heat and animosity attendant upon a contested election , where catholic and protestant were directly opposed to each other ; then a suit in a court of law ; then an appeal to the exchequer chamber ; and lastly , an appeal to that house , when the opinion of the Judges might be had : and thus there was to be a tedious litigation , for the purpose of arriving at the very point now proposed by his noble friend . could not agree to ask the opinion of the Judges unless it was proposed to legislate upon that opinion . It was , besides , a matter of great doubt with him , whether , supposing such a question to be put , the Judges would not tell their lordships that they did not know what was meant by a Roman-catholic ; they knew that persons were excluded from certain offices who did not take certain oaths , and it should not be disguised from the public , that this , after all , was the real question in all the discussions on the Catholic question ; namely , whether persons who did not take certain oaths should be disqualified from holding certain offices ? With respect to this subject he thought it right to declare his opinion , that it would be an event deeply calamitous if the protestant ascendancy were weakened . He held the opinion which had been held by Russel , Somers , lord Hardwicke , and other eminent men ; that the support of the protestant church was intimately connected with the maintenance of our civil and religious liberties . He would not say , that under no circumstances ought further concessions to be made to the catholics ; but he could not foresee the circumstances in which such concessions