maintain unimpaired . At any rate , it is not here that a debate upon the propriety of them should begin.—I have shewn how unsuccessful ; the right hon . gentleman has been in citing precedents , to prove that grants of money to individuals voted in a Committee of Supply have been sent up to the other house in separate bills . It remains to examine what precedents are to be found in favour of their insertion in the Appropriation act ; even when of a nature to excite discussion and probable difference of opinion , full as much as the grant to Mr. Palmer . The right hon . gentleman does not even pretend to have discovered 1033 a precedent to his purpose since the year 1781.—The case of a Dr. Smith has been mentioned , where the proceeding was by a bill , afterwards thrown out in the lords , An hon . gentleman , ( Mr. Wilberforce ) will recollect the case of another Dr. Smith , in 1804 . Whether he was alarmed at what passed in 1781 , I know not , but the hon . member , in order to save his medical I friend from all danger elsewhere , after the Report of a committee of this house in his favour , moved an address to his majesty , praying that he would bestow on Dr. Carmichael Smith , the sum of 5,000l . and assuring him this house would make good the same . Here was 5,000l . given to an individual , without the fact being , in any form , announced to the lords ; for all that came before them was , that the Appropriation act of the next year contained , in one item , a large sum 'to make good monies issued pursuant to addresses . ' This included the 5,000l . for Dr. Carmichael Smith , and was voted in the other house without either question or difficulty : I mention this case , the rather as it may serve to comfort the hon . gentleman , and others who appear to think , that to put Mr. Palmer 's grant into the Appropriation act would be unwarrantable , and betray a want of becoming respect towards the lords . Let them look into the Statute Book and they will take courage . They will find that the lords are much more reasonable than to-night it is the fashion to suppose them . In every session it will be seen , that their lordships have been content to sanction in the Appropriation act a large sum of Supply , of the nature and application of which they knew nothing , but that it was to replace payments made pursuant to addresses of this house . I know of no form which would stand in the way of an address to his majesty in favour of Mr. Palmer.—In 1805 , Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie petitioned the house to indemnify them from a heavy loss they had sustained by the importation of herrings during the scarcity , at the suggestion of government . A committee was appointed to examine into their claim , and they had a vote for 25,000l . by way of compensation for their losses . This sum was inserted in the Appropriation act , which was passed by the lords as usual without any amendment ; and yet what did the lords know , or require to know , of the claim of Chalmers and Cowie ? —In 1805 , there was a grant of 1,000,000l . to the East India Company , being on account 1034 of a debt due to them from the public , as reported by a committee of this house . This sum was also inserted in the Appropriation act , and was passed without difficulty by the lords . A grant on similar grounds of 1,500,000l . to the East India Company has been voted in the present session ; and though made matter of much debate here , I have not heard that it is to be put into a separate bill that the lords may