of cases which we have not the opportunity of examining ; but here the right hon . gentleman has stated particulars enough of this , to shew that it has no more analogy to Mr. Palmer 's , case , than their treatment of him has with equity and justice . For , what is this case ? A sum of money , he does not say for what purpose , is originally voted to be paid , not in the usual way , but out of certain forfeited estates , the property assigned for payment turns out not productive to the supposed extent ; end , therefore , the house is called upon to make good the deficiency . From the peculiar nature of the fund to pay the grant , the remedy for the deficiency of that fund would , of course , be by bill , because it would recite the former grant , and the cause of the second application . How , then , is this in the least applicable to Mr. Palmer 's case , which is a debt voted to be paid out of the supplies of the year ; and , according to the usual practice , put in the Appropriation act ? Sir , I will not take up the time of the house by going further into these flimsy precedents , which are insulting to our understandings if it is pretended that they apply to the present case.—I will only ask one question of the right hon . gentleman on them all : Is there one of them , wherein the minister , professing to act with justice to an individual , whose general merit he recognizes , introduces a bill for a grant of money to him , with the certainty that it will be thrown cut in the lords , and with the intention of using his endeavours , and those of his colleagues , that such should be the fate of it ? If he has not such a case , he has none applicable . Sir , I have only now to trouble the house with a few words on the apprehended danger in the lords , if this vote goes to the upper house in its usual way . If there is any danger , who have occasioned , who have invented it ? his majesty 's ministers . Have they not the means of averting it ? Will they , 1028 with their tenderness for our mutual friendship , exert those means of preserving it they have in their power ? If so , do they doubt of success ? I think not . Sir , I must acknowledge I feel disgusted with the whole conduct of ministers , from the commencement of this business ; I have usually given them my support , they have now my complete reprobation . When I look round the house , and see the extent and nature of the attendance this night , I have no doubt of the event of its vote ; I see the whole force of government exerted to obtain a triumph , but which , when obtained , will disgrace them . For , what is it ? the success of government in the oppression of an individual , who , even in their estimation , is a most meritorious one but this is the least part , it is a triumph obtained by finesse and stratagem over the reiterated sense of a great and independent majority of this house . Will such a triumph increase the credit of government out of doors ? And this , sir , done in violation of , and with a sovereign contempt for , the forms and usages of this house ; forms and usages which , to use the words of the right hon . gentleman himself , when he assisted in placing you , sir , in that chair , so honourably and usefully filled by you , 'are the very essence of the constitution . ' Will this raise the credit of government within doors ? Sir , I have done .