motives of anxious zeal and solicitude for the permanent security , welfare , and prosperity of the British possessions in India . '' said , that he only differed from the right hon . gent , who had made this motion in thinking that it did not go far enough ; it was high time that parliament should do that justice to this illustrious character , which the meanest , the most degraded subject of our laws had a right to demand . After submitting the conduct of the noble marquis to the severest scrutiny , during a long course of years , and after deciding , by very great majorities , that he had done nothing wrong , the house was bound to grant him a deliverance , not only to free him from the present charge , but to protect him from ail future attempts on similar grounds . It would become the justice , the honour , the gentleman like feeling of the house to do a great deal more ; not only to clear the character of the noble marquis from blame , but also to declare their high opinion of the services he had rendered his country , 945 in such a manner as to revive the recollection of those services , which seemed to be in a measure forgotten . If the consequence of such a declaration were to be what a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) had deprecated , were the noble marquis raised to a high station in the ministry , he should rejoice in the experiment , by which there was reason to expect , that our councils at home might be animated by that astonishing efficiency which had shone so conspicuously in his Indian administration . said he had a trifling-amendment to propose , which was to leave out the words after the word 'influenced , ' and to insert the following words : 'By a desire to extend the British territories in India , in contempt of all treaties , and in violation of the national character . ' supported the motion . felt extreme uneasiness in giving a vote on so personal a subject , but with all his esteem for the private character of marquis Wellesley , and looking only to his politics as a public officer in India , he must give his vote against the Resolution . addressed the Speaker thus : Sir ; the house is called upon to determine on the noble lord 's motives : there is no human tribunal competent to decide on them . The merits of the noble lord must be tried by his actions : if you try him by the fundamental Resolutions of this house , or by the laws of his country , shew me the resolution or the law which he has not violated . If you try him by the opinions of the Directors , there is scarcely an act of his government which they have not condemned , and given such reasons for their opinions , as were unanswerable , and therefore they were suppressed : if you try the noble lord by the effects of his government , let us look at the results : at home , irretrievable ruin ; look to India , you find there a territorial revenue of fifteen millions , falling short of the expences of its establishments upwards of two millions annually , loaded with a debt of thirty-two millions , encreasing daily ; the native powers of India disaffected ; their minds alarmed with jealous apprehensions of our ambitious encroachments ; disgusted with our humiliating control ; disgusted with the disgraceful subor- 946 dination in which they have been placed ; and , in this last instance , of our perfidious policy to the miserable victim of our rapacity , the unfortunate Hussein Ali ; disgusted with the baseness of our ingratitude , the mass of Mahomedans in the Carnatic are seeking only for a period to their sufferings , in the subversion of the British government ; and even your Sepoy establishment , the last native resource you had to