public revenue , and his own profits.—To this Arrangement , nothing could be objected ; supposing the equivalent to be justly taken , and supposing always that Mr. Palmer had no objection to being further employed instead of retiring with the fruits of the service which he had already rendered . Nobody could ever have suspected , that by accepting an office and a salary in lieu of part of what was to be paid him in another form—that by converting , as it were , part of his property into an annuity , —he was to alter the tenure by which he held all that was not so converted , and was to exchange what was absolutely his , for a sum , being only in a small proportion larger , which any misconduct of his own , real or imputed , or the mere pleasure of another , might at any moment take away from him . A doubt might not unreasonably be entertained , whether this would be true with respect even to the particular part converted , it might be said , this office was given you partly with a view to future services , but partly with a 236 view to what was passed ; and so far as it was a recompence for the past , it ought , if forfeited to be replaced to you in its original form . But , it is perfectly monstrous to contend , as is now done , that in virtue of the small portion so converted , the whole of what was due to him , and what was actually agreed for , should , from that moment , become precarious and contingent , instead of absolute and certain . No such bargain can be admitted but upon the faith of documents expressed in terms the most positive and precise , and leaving nothing in doubt as to the meaning intended to be conveyed . It can not be left to be inferred or collected , or to stand on rules of technical interpretation , or on the doubtful testimony of persons , speaking as to their opinion of what , was intended at the time , and who however respectable , are themselves very much in the situation of parties . It is not to be believed , but upon proof the most compulsory , that any man of good and sound understanding would make a bargain so disadvantageous to himself . There is no proportion between the price paid and the advantage to be gained . Mr. Palmer by accepting the office proposed , would hope , no doubt , to increase the Post-Office revenue , and thereby , besides the credit which he would gain , to increase his own profits . But what a bargain would he have made , if for the chance of this additional gain , he should have put into jeopardy the whole of what was already secured to him ! Yet this is the situation in which the hon . gentlemen contend he had been willing to place himself . You have consented , say they , to be paid partly by a percentage and partly by an office , in other words , to accept an office in lieu of a part of your percentage . From the office you are immoveable , in fact at pleasure , but certainly for misconduct , and as we can not distinguish between the grounds on which one part of your payment is made , and those on which another is made , but must consider them all as resting on the mixed and joint views of , reward for the past and engagement for the future , whatever has the effect of forfeiting one part must forfeit the whole ; and as it is clear , that after such misconduct as you have been guilty of your salary must go , it follows by necessity , and by connection of parts , that however it may have been given you on the principle of a reward , and may have remained in its original form of a percentage