Hyder Ally ; and which the honourable baronet ( sir T. Turton ) has most erroneously charged as one of the crimes of the Company 's government towards Mahomed Ally , as if his intrigues had not been the principal cause of that calamity . ( Sir T. Turton here rose and appealed to the house whether he had made use of this expression . ) Mr. Lushington resumed : —Sir , if I have misstated the observations of the hon . baronet , I sincerely beg his pardon ; but when the house considers the length of that hon . baronet 's speech ( more than four hours ) , it is as probable that he should have forgot some expressions of it as that I should ; certain however I am , that the statement which I have made was the impression which this part of his speech left upon my mind ; and the general impres- 781 sion which his speech made upon me was this , that under the guise of a meretricious sensibility , he was the pander to the most licentious system of corruption and misrule that ever disgraced the name and authority of this country . Sir , my opinion that the invasion of Hyder Ally was in a great measure attributable to Mahomed Ally 's councils , is derived from Mr. Burke , and I shall here read that passage of his works to the house . From that time forward a continued plot was carried on within the divan , black and white , of the nabob of Arcot , for the destruction of Hyder Ally . When at length Hyder Ally found that he had to do with men who were the determined enemies of human intercourse itself , he decreed to make the Carnatic an everlasting monument of his vengeance ; then ensued a scene of woe the like of which no eye had seen , no heart conceived , and which no tongue can adequately tell ; all the horrors of war before known or heard of were mercy to that new havoc . I will not wound the feelings of this house by quoting this description more at huge ; but I can assure them , from personal observation , and from the sad tales of some who survived the plagues of war and famine , that this is not the language of poetry or fiction ; it is a real picture of the most dreadful series of misfortunes that ever afflicted mankind . And what was the conduct of the nabob of Arcot , whilst this hurricane of misery was raging ? Did and compunctious feelings of conscience for the evils which he had brought upon his people , produce any change in his infatuated counsels ? Did he shew any disposition to repair his former wickedness , or to repose in sincere alliance and confidence upon the Company 's government r The opportunity of returning to a better estimation of his duties and interests was peculiarly favourable , for the nobleman who then administered that government would have upheld him in every wise and virtuous resolution ; this , however , did not consist with his highness 's views . In an hour of alarm he had consented to transfer the management of his country to lord Macartney ; but he soon removed every claim of merit founded upon this concession , by a system of counteraction that obstructed much of that benefit which had otherwise been derived from it . Sir , my hon . friend ( colonel Allan ) who spoke from this side of the house in the former night 's debate , traced with so much accuracy and ability the course of lord Mac- 782 artney 's conduct and sentiments in regard to Mahomed Ally and the Carnatic , that I will not trespass upon the time of this house , or weaken the force of his arguments , by any further references to that period . I shall advance in my statement to the year 1787 , when our connection with Mahomed Ally assumed a more definite shape . In