sir R. Strachan 's squadron in case of their being dispersed by bad weather , was off the Chasseron light-house . He was from the station but from the 16th to the 19th Dec. That might surprise the hon . gent . ; but he had too much patriotism not to be glad , in case he was satisfied that the admiralty had done their duty . The hon . gent . had asked , why sir Richard was not able to pursue the enemy ? It would appear from a letter he should read to the house , that the weather , and not the want of victuals , was the true and only cause that prevented the pursuit . The house would judge from the letter which he should now read to them , that so far from— spoke to order . He observed that all the papers moved for by his hon . friend , and all the papers moved for in justification of their conduct by the gentlemen opposite , were on the table . He conceived it would be productive of great inconvenience were the practice to be continued of allowing a member to draw from his pocket a paper , not regularly before the house , and to read from it such portions as he might think conducive to his object . said , that certainly much had lately passed upon this subject in the house . He did not however feel authorized to state that any precise or positive rule of order existed , with regard to it . It appeared to him to rest wholly with the discretion of the house , who would of course pronounce their judgment according to the circumstances of the case . thought that if the house had never adopted a rule to prevent this practice , they ought to do so . Nothing could be more injurious to debate , or more replete with absurdity , for what would be the consequence if— spoke to order , observing , that it was one thing to state what the order of the house at present was , and another to consider what it would be expedient to make it . said , that if the hon . gent . persisted in reading a document not formally before the house , he should move an adjournment of the debate . then said , that he should be sorry to persist in any thing unpleasant to the house , and should not press doing what might be offensive to the gentlemen opposite . He would therefore not read the letter , but content himself with stating the substance of that letter , and let the house give it whatever credit it thought due to his character . He would then take upon himself to assert , that sir 135 R. Strachan , after leaving the bay , passed the Ferrol and Lisbon squadrons , without , applying for provisions of any kind , or doing more than exchanging the usual signals by telegraph ; and that he passed in the same way Gibraltar . This much he would state , and he pledged his character to the truth of the statement . On the 30th of Oct. lord Gardner wrote to the admiralty acquainting them that the Conqueror had joined him off Ushant , and that he had ordered her to proceed to Cawsand bay to relit , and then proceed and relieve one of the ships off Rochfort ; and he wished it to be remembered that this ship was then ordered to convey as much provision and as many live bullocks as she conveniently could ; this ship arrived , agreeably to lord Gardner 's orders , on the 1st of Nov. ; and the 15th of the same month it was ordered to repair to the ships employed in the service of conveying the royal family from Lisbon to the Brazils ; and to the squadron under sir Sidney Smith , four sail of the line were then detached . Here he observed that some of the ships had been five months at sea before they