that proofs were not wanting . The preamble of the treaty expressly stated these circumstances to which it applied ; and could the right hon . gent , mean to assert , that a treaty negotiated with a view to existing hostilities in which all the parties were engaged , and followed , not by a joint peace , but by separate pacifications of each of these parties , must necessarily survive ? Or , did he mean to say , that had it terminated with the war , it was necessarily to be revived on the renewal of another war , into which any of the parties might afterwards enter ? If that were his view , it was contradicted by the facts ; because that had not been the understanding of any of the parties , nor had the treaty ever been so acted upon . Great Britain renewed the war with France in 1803 , but did Russia or did Turkey then go to war ? The right hon . gent , said , that the treaty continued during the peace ; but had G. Britain called upon either Russia or the Porte to join her in the war ? Did the right hon . 484 gent , therefore , mean to say , that this treaty , so concluded with reference to existing circumstances , sunk under the peace , and rose again , not at once but at three different times , and in three different parts ? If they looked into the body of the treaty , they would find no better support for the argument of the right hon . gent . The treaty contained a stipulation guaranteeing the integrity of the Turkish dominions , as they were previous to the invasion of Egypt by the French . On this treaty the late ministers justified their measures for the conservation of Egypt by the capture of Alexandria . He would not deny that there might be cases in which it would be justifiable to make war upon a power that was in alliance before . He would not pretend to deny that we might have had a right to call upon Turkey to fulfil the defensive alliance with us : but then , after the lapses and laches which had taken place , we had no right to call upon this power for the fulfilment of that treaty . The right hon . gent , had asserted , that the refusal of the passage of the Dardanelles to the Russians had given to this country a right to assume an armed mediation ; but as the passage was given by a subsequent convention , to which this country was not a party , we had no right , in virtue of an anterior treaty , to insist upon the fulfilment of that convention to which we were not a party ; at least no writer upon the law of nations that he had ever read , had laid down such a doctrine . He admitted that the late ministers had shewn a disposition to conciliate Russia . But , however desirable it might be to make Russia believe we did not suspect her design upon the Porte , we should not precipitate ourselves into hostilities with Turkey , so commenced and so conducted as the war had been begun and conducted by the late ministers . When we did interfere , it ought to have been done in a manner that would not have given the Porte reason to suspect the sincerity of our views , nor Russia a right to charge us with not having interfered as we ought ; and she must have expected we should not commence an interference by an expedition for our own advantage . He had not been in the house when the right hon . gent , began his speech , but he understood the right hon . gent . to have said , that no demand had been made by Russia for troops ; but he could assure the right hon . gent , that a demand had been transmitted from St. Petersburg for a