one hundred and fifty miles distant . At this desperate moment Mahomed Ally , who was only the second son of his father , set out upon the speculative idea , which the turbulence of the times induced him to form , of succeeding to his father ; but possessing neither treasures , troops , nor title , he had no reasonable prospect but to defend Trichinopoly with the few adherents whom he could collect , until he should be able to make some terms with his enemies . They were supported by a victorious army , ample funds , and powerful connections ; whilst he had no chance of succour but from the English ; and even that support which he might have expected to receive from their known hostility to the French , he could hardly hope to derive , after his father 's desertion of fort St. George and fort St. David still strongly impressed 778 on the minds of the sufferers . He applied for aid to the Company 's government with doubt and diffidence , and it was at first granted in a very limited degree ; but Mahomed Ally 's poverty and distress , which shut out every other hope of relief when disappointed of the assistance of the soubah , together with the progress made by the French in the Carnatic , induced the Company 's servants to espouse his cause more warmly . But notwithstanding the aid he derived from the Company , the ill success of his undisciplined rabble , in some excursions which they rashly made from Trichinopoly , rendered his prospects of success so hopeless , that he formally proposed to retire from the country and relinquish his pretensions to the Company ; he offered to deliver over the whole of his countries to the Company 's sole disposal , provided they would allow him an annual income of two lacs of pagodas , and that he would bind himself and his heirs to the agreement for ever . But the Company refused to take advantage of an offer which was urged by his distresses ; they chose rather to preserve inviolate their reputation for uprightness and generosity ( which in the language of the nabob was 'as the brightness of the day ' ) ; they trusted to his gratitude for remuneration when he should be liberated from his difficulties , and be free to act from the spontaneous impulse of his mind . They accordingly rendered him every assistance which their counsel , their troops , and their treasures , could supply ; and after an eventful war of fifteen years , they established him in the government of the Carnatic , at a vast expence of British blood and treasure . I shall now , sir , advert to the manner in which Mahomed Ally discharged this debt of gratitude . The ambition which had only slumbered in his breast during adversity , awakened with renovated strength after he had subdued all his enemies . He avowed the design of becoming soubahdar of the Dekan ; and when he found that to assist schemes of foreign conquest and aggrandisement ; and of internal oppression , was contrary to the wise policy of the Company 's local governments , he endeavoured to undermine their authority by bribery and intrigue . In the pursuit of this purpose he bought over the worst servants of the Company , with the revenues of those countries which the British arms had acquired and delivered up to him ; and he obstructed the counsels and conduct of their better officers by every sort of coun- 779 teraction and defamation . On one occasion he raised a faction that destroyed the lawful government of the Company ; and the uniform principle of his policy was , to pay those who were too low in pride or in principle to refuse money , in exact proportion to the value of those interests of the Company which it was in their power to sacrifice . In elucidation of this statement I shall here read to the house a record of the transactions of those times