allegiance to Henry 4th ; and no doubt conscientiously intended to keep their oaths ; but many of them , seduced by their priests , abetted the monk Ravillac , who assassinated that excellent prince . He should rejoice to be convinced that the Catholics had abandoned these detestable principles , but he was not disposed to give implicit credit on this point to the foreign universities . He adverted to the tenets of the Catholics as to confession , absolution , excommunication , foreign jurisdiction , & c. and maintained , that notwithstanding the assertions of the Catholics , their notions on these points were still highly exceptionable . He quoted some passages from publications of their own to prove this—such as , subjecting all oaths and every human law to the cardinal virtue of prudence . He ascribed no evil intention to them on this account ; probably , like some of the ancient philosophers , they were for referring all virtue to the utile , exclusive of the honestum . He also adverted to a passage where a great deal of temporal power in fixing the number and extent of parishes and dioceses was ascribed to the Pope . But what principally attracted his attention was , a publication lately ushered into the world , with great solemnity , by the Catholics , called `` Ward 's Errata of the Protestant translation of the Bible , '' where the English church was charged with falsifying the Scriptures . To this some Queries were subjoined , lending to shew that the church of England was no church at all , and putting it to the wisdom of Englishmen , whether there was any advantage in hiring the clergy of that church at the expence of nearly a million sterling , to lead them in the broad way of perdition ? If the Catholics were loyal and patriotic , these good qualities would not be endangered by the refusal of the prayer of this petition , the granting of which could only benefit a few persons . denied that this was a party question , or that any influence had 683 been employed by those with whom he acted , to bring forward this petition , or to aggravate the irritation of the catholic body . The matter was not under their controul ; the catholics themselves had judged it proper to bring their claims before parliament , and had first offered the petition to a noble duke at the head of the government . Upon his refusal they had requested his noble friend to present it . What private interest could they have in the agitation of this question ? That it had been often urged before , was no reason why it should not be discussed now . The oftener the subject was discussed , the better founded would the catholic claims appear . There were few great constitutional objects gained without repeated discussion and perseverance . The march of truth might be slow , but it always came up , and gained the victory at last . Those , however , who had to contend with prejudice , passion , and narrow views , could not but expect to meet with calumny . The arguments against the claims , drawn from the power of the pope , had been often urged raid refuted . The power of the catholic church existed no longer , its imperious head was bowed to the ground , and itself bound in adamantine chains . Yet the opposers of the claims spoke of the power of the church , as if that power had been in its zenith , and as if the pope commanded the world . It was a miserable employment , to be constantly obliged to repeat these refutations . However obnoxious the doctrines ascribed to the Roman-catholic church were , it was evident that if ever they were maintained by the catholics , they now disclaimed them . It had been said , that nothing was more absurd than to surround a protestant king with Roman-catholic officers . Experience , however , had proved that there was