now to bring it forward for party purposes . It is rather hard to adduce as evidence of our inclination to keep it back formerly , that we wish to bring it forward now . It is absurd to suppose , that we , who had not the power when in office of preventing that body from urging their claims , can now have the power of preventing them from doing so . But , sir , that hon . gent , has given no other reason whatever why the Catholics should not urge their claims , if temporary circumstances led them to suppose it was convenient for them to do so . They feel their own importance in the empire , and think they have a just right to urge this house to comply with their request . The noble lord opposite said , that he could disclaim any imputations of a personal nature ; for , says he , I have never regarded this question as one that ought to affect a man 's situation in office . Thus you may carry this question if you approve of it , but if not , you must submit it to its fate . In short , he tells you he was with one administration because they approved , and with another because they disapproved of the measure . On such grounds I do not see how he can ever be out of office , for whether such a petition be successful or unsuccessful , it forms a good reason for the noble lord always continuing in power . He farther says , there never was any pledge given to the Catholics on this subject . I do not know if there were , as I never troubled myself as to pledges , nor what were the means the government took to procure the support of the Catholics ; but I recollect there were certain epistolary correspondences published , one letter representing the sentiments of lord Cornwallis , and another from the noble lord himself , representing the sentiments of the Catholics , when he held the office of secretary to the lord lieutenant of Ireland . If I recollect rightly , when Mr. Pitt went out of office in 1801 , I read those letters in the hands of one Catholic gentlemen in Ireland : and , if I mistake not , there was a passage in some of them written by the noble lord himself , stating to the Catholics , the determination of many considera- 608 ble men , I believe Mr. Pitt , lord Melville , and earl Camden , advising the Catholics to remain perfectly quiet , because those persons had entered into a pledge never to take any part in his majesty 's government , but upon condition of being allowed to grant the concessions which the Catholics required . It was understood at the time that this declaration was made in consequence of an engagement with the Catholics , that if they agreed to the union , their claims would be listened to . This letter was well understood in Ireland , and never received a contradiction ; and therefore , I am inclined to think , that there was a complete understanding on the part of the Catholics , that their claims should be heard by the government , and that they should not endeavour to borrow aid or assistance from disaffected persons , nor do any thing to injure their cause , because those persons I have alluded to , were determined not to assume any direction in the country , except with an intention of forwarding their claims . It was said , there was no alteration of circumstances since this question was last discussed in parliament ; now , I conceive that there is the greatest alteration of circumstances , that could possibly have taken place , and these circumstances could not be known to the house , nor to the people of England ; the circumstance the most weighty , is the connection subsisting between the clergy and the See of Rome : for , by giving to