this house . Now , I will ask the right hon . gent . whether he thinks any part of his conduct towards Mr. Palmer has been calculated to effect either of those intentions . No ; for it is impossible the house can have any confidence in the man who is placed here as the guardian of their rights , when they see that very man the first to attack their liberties , and to endeavour to rob them of one of their dearest privileges.—It is ridiculous , sir , to dispute Mr. Palmer 's demands , upon the ground of his not deserving them . His services are not dubious . No , sir , they are self evident . He only claims , what the house has repeatedly acknowledged to be his stipulated due , viz . 50 shillings for every 2,000 that he gives you ! Sir ; this house never agreed to a money bill altered in the most trivial way by the lords , yet this motion is really inviting them to throw out our own bill . Then , surely , the motion which may produce such a consequence , we should treat with indignation . If this house once doubts its exclusive authority over money affairs , it gives up its own and the public 's greatest boast , a power which forms the very basis of the liberties of England . Will the chancellor of the exchequer declare that he has any other motive for bringing forward this motion , than a wish to defeat the vote of 1039 this house ? And to effect that wish he has acted in the most unmanly and unworthy way , and has concealed his intentions because he had not weight nor argument enough to convince the house that they were acting wrong . As the right hon . gent . is so very expert in rummaging out precedents , I wish he would show me a precedent of a chancellor of the exchequer ever having acted , since the revolution , in the way he has done towards Mr. Palmer . Sir , the magnitude of Mr. Palmer 's services are universally acknowledged , his demands are completely ratified , and if the house supports this motion , it commits an act not only dangerous to the privileges of parliament , but also to the privileges of the people . said that if there was a necessity for more precedents he could certainly produce them . The object of this motion was to give the lords an opportunity of judging , of the merits of Mr. Palmer 's Claim . The majority of grants made to individuals were by separate bills , and not by a clause in the Appropriation act . As a proof of this , the right hon . gent . cited the grants to Dr. Smith , Mr. Phillips , and Mr. Stephens . He was extremely sorry that he was again obliged to allude to Mr. Palmer 's official conduct , but really , after the perusal of the letters written by Mr. Palmer , and after examining the evidence before them , how the house could have supported Mr. Palmer as it had done , was to him a matter of great surprise . with considerable warmth , declared that the lords had not the least authority over Money bills , and as long-as he had a vote they should never interfere in that or any other established right . The house of commons alone was the proper guardian of the public purse . He was very sorry to see the hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes ) so captious and fretful , when his own bill was lately thrown out of the other house , and he was more so , when he saw him lend his countenance to a measure like this , entrenching on the dearest privileges of the constitution . The hon . gent . seemed to think that his opinion would have a great effect on the house . It reminded him of a beautiful passage in Shakspeare . His quiddities