head of a family to be obliged , during a period of four years , to devote one month in each to make himself serviceable to his country ; and with respect to the burthen apprehended by parishes for allowances to the families of poor men during their absence on service , it was groundless , as such allowance was to be reimbursed by the paymaster-general . As a measure of national expence , he had now reason to believe it would not be nearly so expensive as he at first imagined , from the number of volunteers who were coming forward in every part of the country . It was only in counties where volunteers did not come forward in sufficient numbers . 409 that the ballot was to be adopted at all ; and as to the alteration proposed , he had no objection to accede to this amendment , and substitute the , age of thirty , in the place of thirty-five , the service to commence from the age of eighteen , provided it was agreed to extend the period of volunteer service to forty years of age.—The proposition , was agreed to , and the amendment made accordingly . cabled the attention of the house to the operation this bill would have on those young men at Eton , Winchester , Westminster , and other places , who were educated with a view to holy orders . The resident members of universities were already exempted , and in the same spirit the exemption ought to be extended to persons of the description just mentioned . The fine , he understood , was to exempt only for two years , and persons who could not possibly enter into the militia might be liable to pay it three times in all . He also adverted to the situation in which young Roman Catholics would stand ; especially such as were educated for holy orders . If they were liable to serve at all , of which there were doubts , they would be subject to the Mutiny Act and the articles of war , which commanded the marching to church , & c. Their situation was quite different from such of the Roman Catholics as enlisted voluntarily . He therefore moved an amendment , exempting young men engaged , bona fide , in education for holy orders in any seminary public or private , with the masters , & c. did not object to the principle , but , if admitted , it would open a door to the most , enormous abuses , and the mischief which would thus result from allowing the exemptions would far overbalance any inconvenience that could arise from leaving the matter as it stood . With regard to young men educated for Roman Catholics , it was but fair , that they should at least contribute to the public service by fine , as the Quakers did , whose religious principles prevented their giving personal service . His lordship also observed , that the pressure here was much less than that of the regular militia service . thought the amendment of the hon . baronet well worthy of serious consideration . But leaving that , he called the attention of the noble lord to the difference between this and other services , especially that proposed by the Training 410 bill , by which the people were not to be incorporated nor subjected to any inconvenience that could render exemptions almost in any case of much consequence . Yet the teachers of schools had been there exempted . And as to the regular militia , the expence of a substitute might be much greater than 10l . but the noble lord must recollect , that by insurance that was reduced to very little , and here no insurance was allowed against the fines , so that this bill must stand on its own merits , without reference to other services . adverted to the exemptions which were allowed to dissenting clergymen , which , in this bill , was qualified by the words , ' and not carrying on any other trade