great , and growing benefit which the country , through his ingenuity , had obtained . But , if I concede this much to one side of the question , I feel myself equally bound to assert upon the other , that it was 227 Mr. Pitt 's original and unchanging sentiment , that this bargain ( such as it was ) should be fulfilled strictly , to its utmost extent by both of the contracting parties : so that the benefit of the country might at least go hand in hand with the profit of the individual.—That great and enlightened statesman , my deceased friend ( Mr. Pitt ) , had his country 's lasting welfare invariably in view , and being most deeply impressed with that principle , he found himself compelled to cancel that Agreement so far as it lay with him , that posterity ( after all the circumstances which had come to his knowledge ) might not reflect upon his judgment or his honour for keeping inviolate on the part of government , a contract made with an individual , who had himself notoriously and confessedly infringed upon every principle of duty and subordination . In order to illustrate observations so very strong as I find myself compelled to make , I shall refer only to Mr. Palmer 's own letters , to those unpardonable letters , which display a spirit of intrigue , I should hope without parallel among the persons entrusted with the official interests of thecountry.— [ Here the right hon . gent . read parts of the Letters referred to by Mr . Long . ] After reading this acknowledged proof of Mr. Palmer 's mal-practice while in office , I must at once make this general deduction , that as these letters displayed plans pregnant with serious mischief to the interests of the country , and suggested the commission of disorders even in that very department of the Post Office which Mr. Palmer was himself appointed to superintend ; I must contend , that as a measure of prudence , nay , of justice to the public , Mr. Pitt could have done nothing short of countenancing his dismissal from office . Then , let me ask , if the facts were so flagitious as to call for his dismissal , abruptly and suddenly , from the exercise of his official duties , were they not still more abundantly cogent to cancel this Agreement ? I am persuaded that the house will do justice to the memory of my deceased friend , that truly great man ( Mr. Pitt ) , the justice and unwarped impartiality of whose public conduct was always proverbial , by believing , that nothing but the clearest conviction upon his mind of Mr. Palmer 's having forfeited by his misconduct all claims upon government , could ever have induced him to set aside an Agreement to which he had ever become a party.—Indeed , I must contend , that Mr. Pitt acted with signal liberality ; 228 nay , I am almost inclined to call it , an intemperate liberality , in allowing Mr. Palmer the very handsome and ample provision which he did : for by the express wording of the Appointment , it must appear , that the percentage upon the increased revenue , was a mere stimulus held out to him for more active and enterprising services while in the execution of a specific official trust , and it was only while he continued to discharge the one , that he could possibly be entitled to claim the other . —Sir ; as a member of the Committee whose Report is now under consideration , I beg to offer my opinion upon the present occasion . I have , however , to premise , that there is one point in this Report upon which I had the misfortune to differ from those gentlemen with whom I was acting , though it is but fair to confess that on deciding upon the question , the great body of the Committee were against me.—The point to which I allude is the Claim of Mr.