to make any distinction between the Barons of Exchequer , who were Judges of one of the supreme courts , and the Judges of the other courts . The labour , unquestionably , could not be compared with that of the Judges of the court of Session ; but still their duties were important . They had even to controul the grants of the minister himself . said it had been admitted that the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland came in place of the old Lords of the Treasury . The duties , of course , which devolved on them , were not , and could not be judicial . The house was now called on to give pensions to the name of Barons of Exchequer , for in no other way 801 did they resemble the persons in this country exercising judicial functions . There were many offices of a ministerial nature , the duties of which were important , but still the persons holding them were not allowed to retire on salaries . declared , that all the explanations made by gentlemen acquainted with the duties of the Barons of Exchequer in Scotland , did not satisfy his mind that their offices were judicial . He could conceive it perfectly possible that they might go by the same name , and not have the same duties to perform with the Barons of Exchequer in Ireland . A person might once belong to a court of justice and yet his character not be judicial . As , for instance , his right hon . friend opposite was chancellor of the exchequer , and head of that court , and , on the principle now contended for , must be entitled to a salary on retiring from his office ; but this , he presumed to think , would hardly be maintained . said , that it was a matter of no minor consideration that , by the act , the judges held their situations 'quam diu bene se gesserint ; ' and that the case of the Sheriffs of Counties in Scotland , alluded to by an hon . gent , was not at all analogous , as such officers were not thereby removed from any profession in the duties of which they had been previously employed . He denied that these pensions were so much for the benefit of the individuals concerned as for the benefit of the public , by securing an adequate and uninterrupted administration of justice . said , that the question ought to be argued upon the general principle of grants upon superannuation , and not upon the strained analogy of reducing the Scotch judges to the same standard as the judges of this country . Such an assimilation reminded him of the old fable , 'How we apples swim . ' And as to the plurality of duties , the division of such labour was more like the division of business between Jack and Tom : 'What are you doing , Jack r'— ' Nothing , sir . ' What are you doing , Tom t'—'Helping Jack , sir . ' Let gentlemen speak of it as they would , it was , after all , nothing more than spreading a small substance upon a great extent . It did appear to him to be a provision not at all called for . thought it was a sufficient answer to the objections why the Welch judges were not pensioned as well as the 802 Scotch , to remind the house that the Welch judges had , with their appointment , the benefit of their practice , and of such importance was that privilege considered , that there were many English barristers who would not accept of the place of a Scotch judge , and who would yet be very glad to get that of a Welch judge . Gentlemen on the other side had had recourse at the same time to two arguments that destroyed each other . It was argued that the place was a sinecure , and should not therefore have a pension on retirement , and at the same time