which they could communicate ? Would they make common cause with the patriots of Spain , before they ascertained the principles upon which they were acting , and the ends which they were endeavouring to accomplish ? He could not think it politic to embark in such a cause , without some previous knowledge of the designs of the Spanish patriots , without some more definite determination of the grounds upon which they were proceeding to act . He hoped ministers would , in the present case , take a lesson from past experience , and recollect the result of the interference of this country in La Vendee . He felt it his duty to throw out these hints , without expecting any detailed explanation of what might be the views and intentions of his majesty 's government.—He now begged leave to trouble their lordships with a word or two about Sweden . The situation of that kingdom and of its sovereign was also highly interesting ; respecting the issue of the struggle which that gallant prince was making against the common oppressor , he confessed he had his fears . Still , he should have our best assistance , as if our hopes of final success were most sanguine . Such an example was to be supported and upheld . But should that spirited sovereign be also doomed to yield , we should not be inattentive to the fate that was to befal his kingdom . If it was to be portioned out , should not this country look to the interests of Denmark , to the future views of the great northern power , and to the attempts that might still be made to assert the independance of the north of Europe ? Our hostility to Denmark could not be very keen : we should even be disposed to make the amende honorable to her for what had past , and rather contemplate what reconciliation and future friendship might effect , than what might gratify present hostility . He should trouble their lordships no further , but only hope , that in expressing these his sentiments on the present occasion , he had not been guilty of any irregularity . gave full credit to the candid and circumspect manner in which , the noble duke had delivered his opinions upon points of such delicacy . The noble duke was perfectly regular in the mode he 1109 took of delivering them , for when supplies were to be granted to his majesty , it was doubtless open to every noble lord to advise how those grants ought to be applied . In adverting to the points to which the noble duke had more particularly directed the attention of the house , their lordships must be sensible that his observations must be very general , and that owing to the very peculiar and delicate nature of the subject , he could not at present enter into any detailed explanations . With respect to Spain , the people of that country had manifested a spirit and determination to resist the attempts of their invaders , which would have done honour to the most glorious periods of their history , and which perhaps were not to be expected under the pressure of such formidable difficulties . Such a scene , every man in that house , every man in the country , must hail with the liveliest satisfaction ; and what every generous heart must wish should be done in support of so glorious a cause , his majesty 's ministers would feel it their duty to do . With regard to what information they had received of the designs or the hopes of those brave and resolute men , who , in defence of their country 's independance , were exposing themselves to every thing which a powerful and sanguinary tyrant could devise , and indict , it could not be expected he should now unfold it . His majesty 's ministers were fully sensible of the extreme importance of this event ; and he trusted they would be found to have acted accordingly.—The situation of Sweden was certainly the next