former night , when this case was brought forward , He had then stated , that whatever the decision might have been , the house was not in a condition to give any redress . The hon . baronet then stated , that the direction of the noble and learned judge was , that the person who appeared for sir F. Burdett and claimed seats for his clerks , should be adopted as his agent ; because the hon . baronet had since taken his seat in consequence of that election . He ( Mr. Perceval ) then stated , as he did now , that the house was not in a condition to take advantage of this fact . Had this been the direction of the Judge , the direct and regular road of proceeding would have been to have applied by writ of error , or on the ground of misdirection on the part of the judge ; if wrong or right , the ground of the decision would then have appeared on the record , and would have been seen by the house . The hon . baronet 's counsel , however , not having adopted that mode , but having moved for a new trial , which had been refused , no way now remained for bringing the matter with effect before the house . It now appeared not to be a case of privilege , in which a member of that house , as such , was interested ; but a common case of 546 debt , for work and labour . This circumstance did not arise from any defect in the fudge , who tried the case , but from the neglect of the counsel of the hon . baronet . declared himself to be perfectly satisfied that this was not a case in which the house could interfere . It was a proceeding in the regular course of justice . If the action in this case could have been entertained at all , it must have been on the ground that it arose out of a contract . The act which allowed the expences of erecting hustings , & c. in the case of counties , did not extend to boroughs ; yet even there , candidates might agree that for their accommodation , or that of their voters , during a contest of 14 or 15 days , hustings should be erected , the expence of which could not reasonably be expected to fall on the high bailiff . The action , therefore , could only be on the contract so supposed to be entered into , and could of course have no relation to the election , so as to make it a matter of privilege to be taken up by that house . This must be a question either of fact or of law , and in either case it might have been brought before the court by demurrer , or by bill of exceptions , so as to have the ground of it appear on record . It behoved those who had the legal means of defence in their own hands to go before the judge in a regular manner . If they omitted to do so , it was not for that house to interpose . If the house should be of opinion that it would be improper that a candidate should be on any account at the expence of erecting hustings , let it be made the subject of a prospective regulation . But as that was not the case at present , this must be like any other suit , founded on a covenant , the effect of which must be construed by the jury . said , it appeared to him , notwithstanding what had fallen from his hon . and learned friend , and from the right hon . and learned gent . opposite , that the present was a question of privilege . He could not admit of the doctrine , that the house of commons was not entitled to interfere in the acts of omission or commission of the courts below ,