performed . But then he asserted , that the meddling with this property , in the manner proposed by the bill , was dangerous to the church establishment ; for the bill seemed to be founded on the principle maintained by those who held that all those clergymen , who were not employed in parish duties , were useless members of that establishment . The law allowed pluralities . Clergymen , therefore , could not always reside on their livings ; and attaching penalties to that which the law permitted , he contended , was unjust . It also seemed to proceed on the supposition , that the number of curates was limited . This was not the case ; and the augmenting a few curacies would only bring a greater number into holy orders , and by that means increase the distress of the whole . On the whole , the bill went to a dangerous violation of church property , without any chance of improving the general condition of the curates . argued , that there was danger in almost every view in which the measure in question could be taken . supported the bill , as a measure that was best adapted to the welfare of the church . would vote for the bill being committed . The only objection he had to it was that it did not go far enough.—The house then divided upon lord Porchester 's amendment . Ayes , 11 ; Noes , 94 ; Majority , 83. regretted , that after the subject had been so long before the house , so little should be done by this bill , and particularly that no regulation was made with respect to the Court of Tiends . He wished also that something-more had been done , with respect to the introduction of trial by jury . thought that nothing should he done with respect to tiends until after a judicial decision as to the rights of the clergy . defended the bill , which he thought would tend to operate a material reform in the administration of justice in Scotland . With respect to trial by jury , the house was not yet ripe for deciding that point , nor did he believe that it was sufficiently understood in Scotland.—The bill was then read a third time , and passed . rose , not to object to the Resolution , for he concurred entirely in the sum proposed . That house , he was sure , would , at all times , be ready to shew its attachment to his majesty 's person and family . It was on that ground alone , and not in consequence of any circumstances that attended the death of the duke of 143 Brunswick , that he consented to this resolution . So far from considering the hostility in which that event had taken place , as involving the best interests of this country , he looked upon the last coalition as most disastrous to the cause of Europe ; and so far was Prussia from being in alliance with this country at that period , that we were at war with that power . Undoubtedly , a minister had been sent to negociate an accommodation with Prussia , but the noble lord who had been sent on that mission , had returned without having been able to reach even his destination . He had said thus much , because he would not omit any opportunity of declaring his opinion , that the last coalition bad been ruinous to Europe . As to the vote , he fully approved of it , tho ' he should not be committed to any future proposition which the right hon . gent , might think proper to bring forward in addition to it . highly approved of the grant , and trusted the house would always recollect that the princess was an Englishwoman , in addition to whatever claims she might have to their regard . approved of the grant , and affirmed that the duke of Brunswick had , on different occasions , done , much service to this country.—The