the voyage to the East Indies ; and therefore he had no hesitation to say , that the grant was an act of justice on the part of his majesty . But it had been said , that it was an act of injustice to capt . Robinson . That officer , however , had had the enemy 's part of the property , condemned to the captors ; but could have no right whatever to that , part of it , which , from belonging to a British subject , was forfeited to the king . Besides , the seizure of this vessel was not what ought to be called a capture , and the act itself , in the road of Ostend , had given rise to a question of territory which had not been decided for four years . The captors had their reward in the condemnation of M. De Piron 's part of the legal property ; and it was the fault of capt . Robinson , if he had not yet brought in a bill of costs that could be allowed , if he had not received them . On the whole , therefore , he thought the grant an act of justice to sir Home Popham , and that neither Mr. Pitt , nor his board of treasury , was deserving of censure for having advised his majesty to remit the forfeiture . said , before he went into the general question , he would set aside some of those abstract topics which had been urged as a kind of stoppage to inquiry . These topics were two in number ; 758 the first relating to sir Home Popham , the second to the treasury ; casting blame upon both , he did not see how these two points could be separated ; he could not see how the house could censure the application of the money , without at the same time censuring the hon . captain : it might as well attempt to separate the hon . captain from himself , as from the misapplication of which he was the cause . It was contended , however , that this went to cast blame upon a great man now no more ; no person could so think who had either witnessed the progress of the transaction , or heard the way in which it had been opened that evening . It had been distinctly stated , that on the motion of an hon . baronet concerning the Droits of Admiralty , an objection had been made to the motion as not tending to instance any particular abuse which had existed ; on which the hon . member who opened this debate , immediately instanced the case of sir H. Popham , and thus had the present motion originated . Now , surely , no person could say that any disrespect was meant to the late Mr. Pitt in this accidental occurrence . But even if it did cast any reflection on that great man 's memory , it was . not on that account to be abstained from.—The question had been so ably and so fully discussed by the hon . member who had opened the debate , that there was little left for him to remark upon : he wished however to notice what had fallen from the learned gent , who had last sat down , just to examine a few of his broad general principles . He sat out by attempting to extenuate the abuse , which , however , he admitted was illegal . Indeed , it was no very great concession , after it had been proved so by a decision of the court : the question then was , what had ministers done with the public money ? Had they disposed of it venially ? No ; they even admitted it had been given to a culprit ; but then , indeed , they wanted to diminish his offence , to bring him just a little below the fact of smuggling , he had only innocently landed five chests of tea—for chess read boats—for boats to