the Exchequer , and some other members , urged the expediency of proceeding as far as possible that night . The gallery was then cleared for a division , but the 412 further discussion of the clause was postponed , and the committee proceeded to consider of some of the following clauses . It was fixed that volunteers may be enrolled between the ages of 18 and 40 . The clause directing that the sum of 2 guineas should be paid to each volunteer , by the parish in which he is enrolled , gave rise to a very lengthened conversation ; and , without coming to a determination on that point , the house resumed , the chairman reported progress , and obtained leave to sit again to-morrow . could not omit this occasion of expressing his regret at the frequent introduction of bills of this description . acquiesced in the justness of the noble and learned lord 's observation , and hoped that the introduction of such bills would cease . considered the bill as of very great importance , inasmuch as it shewed the numerous inconveniences that arose from the Marriage Act . As the noble and learned lord seemed resolved to turn his attention to these inconveniencies , he would perhaps discover how far it might be expedient to repeal the Marriage Act , or so far to new model its provisions as to 415 prevent the necessity of such frequent suspensions of it . concurred in this opinion . He wished even the legislature would take a more wide and liberal view of the Marriage Act , and some other acts , such as the Corporation and Test Acts , which proved such hardships to so many large descriptions of his majesty 's subjects . Surely that act could not be practically wise and useful which justified a recurrence to so many suspensions of it . said he must have been grossly mis-understood , if it was supposed he could entertain any intention of moving the repeal of any of these acts ; on the contrary an occasion was likely soon to occur when he should declare his opinion of the necessity of retaining them . would never sit silent and hear the declarations that were made by some noble lords . As he deeply and sincerely revered the Marriage Act , and as he felt the great importance of a strict observance of it , so should he always be ready to raise his voice against the opinion of those to whom nothing in the constitution appeared sacred , and who avowed the design of proposing the repeal of the Marriage Act , and other acts equally essential to The safety of the state , and to the well being and peace of the community . Those who harboured such designs , could not mean well to their country . called to order . He felt much respect for the noble and learned lord , but he never would allow him or any noble lord to impute motives to noble lords as influencing the opinions they delivered in that house . did not conceive himself to be disorderly . He did not think that any noble lord without moving for the repeal of an act of the legislature had a right to enter into arguments that treated it with disrespect . called the noble and learned lord to order , and reprobated the narrowness and illiberality of his opinions , which were now held odious in every part of the country , and which he was certain would prove as mischievous as they were odious . contended that his noble and learned friend was strictly in order , and that his observations grew out of the bill before the house . then went on , and contended that he did not conceive he had made any unparliamentary remarks : on 416 the contrary , he thought this had been done by the two noble lords who had introduced a subject that was not before the house , he was more and more convinced of the necessity of the act , in serving as a