would not attain his object , I followed him out of the house , and suggested some alterations , which might comprehend the Droits to the Crown as well as the Admiralty Droits , as the former much exceeded the latter in amount , and added , that I myself knew an instance of gross misapplication of that fund The case of the Etrusco occurred to me , but distrusting the accuracy of my memory , I went the next day to Doctor 's Commons for the purpose of ascertaining whether my recollection of the case was correct . On this head I was soon quite satisfied . Being unavoidably delayed till rather late , on my entrance into the house , I found the hon . baronet on his legs making his motion . I immediately inquired of a noble lord ( Ossulston ) and an hon . gent , near me ( Mr . Brand ) , if sir Home Popham was in the house , as I did not know him by sight . Being answered in the affirmative , I determined to state the case , if any objection should be made to the hon . baronet 's motion . To my great surprize the chancellor of the exchequer positively asserted that no instance of the misapplication of these funds had ever taken place . In reply to this statement , I mentioned the leading features of the case of the Etrusco ; and , sir , I shall ever consider it my duty to make known to this house every misapplication of public money , which may come within my knowledge ; and in this instance I was more particularly called 722 upon by the assertion of the right hon . gent.—It will not be necessary for me to go into any long discussion as to the illegality of the trade in which the hon . captain was engaged , or to dwell upon the circumstances , which induced the legislature to enact such strong provisions against any British subject engaging in a trade to the East Indies without the licence of the East India company . It will be sufficient to observe , that one of the principal objects they had in view , was to protect the East India company against the traffic which was carried on from Ostend , a port which possessed singular advantages for this commerce , because no duties were payable either inwards or outwards . The law therefore not only prohibited British subjects from trading themselves , but also from lending money to any foreigners whatever for the purpose of carrying it on . I say , sir , that when the legislature made these enactments they had Ostend particularly in view.—It may perhaps , sir , be said , that I am reviving a transaction antiquated from the length of time which has elapsed since its commencement . It is true that the origin of the transaction is old , but the end of it is recent ; the grant was made in 1805 , and though the hon . captain has received 18,000l . out of the proceeds , admiral Robinson has not yet been reimbursed his expences . In 1787 , the hon . captain , then a lieutenant in the navy , applied to the Admiralty for leave of absence to go to the East Indies , and was at first refused on the ground that the Admiralty could not give him leave to go to the East Indies without consent of the East India Company . These letters are so short , and so clearly explain the origin of this transaction , and prove the hon . captain 's knowledge of its illegality , that I shall read them to the house.—Copy of a letter from lieutenant Home Popham to Philip Stephens , esq . Secretary to the Admiralty : 'Dover-street , Feb. '12 , 1787.—Sir ; Having had the permis'sion of lord Howe to apply for leave of 'absence to go to the East Indies to follow 'my private affairs , I beg you will do me 'the favour to move their