contended that the only question at present was , whether there was so much good in this bill as to authorise its being sent to a committee . He thought there was . With respect to informations filed ex officio by the attorney-general , it was fitting that It should be stated , that although he might not be compelled to receive affidavits previous to filing such information , in substance it was so , no information of that nature being filed except upon affidavits ; and with respect to the informations of that kind filed by him when he held the office of attorney-general , the parties might have been held to bail by a magistrate upon the affidavits . He thought the provisions of the bill were favourable to persons sent to prison for want of bail , in preventing the necessity of their remaining there for a considerable time without the means of release , and that with some alteration in the committee , it might be rendered unobjectionable . was glad that some alteration was to be made in the bill , as in that case it would be sent back to the commons . His lordship proceeded to shew the absurdity of contending , that because judges were sometimes honest men , or attorney-generals persons who could be trusted , therefore extraordinary powers should be vested in their hands . Were he to attempt to drive such a doctrine down the throat of the noble and learned lord , he was convinced he could not say Amen to it . Judges and attorney-generals were like 422 other men , and he should give a specimen of them for the edification of the learned lord , who seemed to have forgotten of what sort of characters they were at times composed . His lordship then alluded to the opinion of the Judges , when consulted by Charles the First , as to his right to exact Ship-money , by which they declared that he had such right , and that he himself was the only judge of it ; also to the answer of the judges in Charles the Second 's reign , who declared it to be unlawful to publish any argument against government . His lordship next alluded to a case decided some years ago , in which the learned lord on the woolsack had laid down what he esteemed to be true law , that the decisions of the judges were to be regulated not by precedents , but by the written law of the land . This case he did not allude to from memory : he had seen it within these few days as it came from the short-hand writer . This the noble and learned lord might not esteem evidence ; but he certainly would do so , when he informed him that it was sanctioned by corrections made in the hand writing of the learned lord himself . This his lordship esteemed sufficient to found him in maintaining that it was to the law of the land , and not to the opinion of the judges , that we were to look for protection . enforced the inapplicability of revenue statutes to the common law of the country , and argued , that the advantages felt in carrying these revenue statutes into execution , would by no means enable us to judge how far similar or equal good was to be expected from an extension of the system . If we were once to embrace this doctrine , we might expect , to see the facilities afforded by the Income tax , which was a revenue statute , sought to be extended to the effect of forcing persons , at all times , to make a disclosure of their property , on the pretence that thereby bankruptcies might be diminished . Many other provisions of an equally dangerous nature might be grounded on the principle here laid down , which , on the whole , had his most decided opposition . confessed that some of his objections had been removed by his noble friend ( lord Ellenborough ) and