matter a construction different from what I have given to it , or would have wished a hesitation about the payment . The truth was , that , although the contractor overreached the Post Master-General as to the quantum of compensation , there had been a regular bargain ; and the good faith of government was pledged to the punctual performance of its part . Is it too much to ask , that in another bargain evidently as clear and precise , the same principle should be observed ? I speak of Mr. Palmer 's contract . If it , no more than the other , was not reduced to a strict written agreement , does it become the British government to quibble like Shylock , and say `` it can not find the condition in the Bond ? '' Does any body question the original terms ? Does any body , unless upon assumptions which violate common sense , urge that there was a subsequent alteration of these conditions ? Mr. Long , indeed , is called before the committee to give his opinion of what was Mr. Pitt 's conception of the engagement . What a strange sort of evidence ! But , independent of the inadmissibility of any thing so loose as an opinion upon what was another man 's opinion , I would object to Mr. Long on this occasion , as a person who could not be impartial . He stands professedly interested to vindicate the character of Mr. Pitt from having made an improvident bargain . I do not admit it to have been an improvident bargain ; but had it been ever so much so , I say the testimony of Mr. Long can not counteract the intrinsic evidence of the case . Mr. Long is a man of the highest honour , and would not say that which he did not most 967 strictly think . He gives you , however , nothing but his suppositions ; and I have stated that his anxiety for the reputation of his deceased friend must biass them . He does not state himself to have been privy to the transaction ; and how should he , when he was not in office at the time of the contract , and therefore , could at best but speak to the after-thought of Mr. Pitt ? Why did not you examine the reverend Prelate ( the bishop of Lincoln ) who was then Mr. Pitt 's secretary , or the president of the council ( earl Camden ) , whose non-attendance on this question I can not but remark and most pointedly regret ? You knew that the business passed through their hands ; did you fear that their answers would not be favourable ? Why did you not demand of Mr. Palmer himself explanations where any were wanting ? You will say , that he was a party and inadmissible . Then so was Mr. Pitt , equally no less interested by his pride than Mr. Palmer was in his profit , similarly to be rejected as a witness if you go upon that principle , but most of all to be rejected if his testimony is to be given through Mr. Long . I repeat , then , that Mr. Long 's evidence is nothing . Yet , and I intreat you to observe this , the gaining this opinion from him was thought of so much importance as to make it for that alone necessary to call him before the Committee of this house . Why was not the evidence which he gave before the Committee of the house of commons deemed sufficient , as well as the rest of the documents ? Why ? because this opinion was not contained in it ; and it was necessary to seek it by a leading question in the committee of this house ; and that is the single new light attempted to be acquired by the personal examination of Mr. Long . In short , a colour , howsoever slight , was thought quite sufficient for what was to be managed here.—My lords ; in