defence , and that they should hear no more of annual motions on this important subject . The plan of the noble lord he understood to be composed , first of the regular army , maintained at its present establishment ; next , of a numerous local militia ; and lastly , of an intermediate force , the whole of which should be perfectly adequate to the defence of G. Britain and Ireland , 49 The only objection of any moment which he had to offer to this was , that lie would prefer , instead of having what the noble lord called an irregular militia , a complete amalgamation and combination of all the forces of that description . This part of the plan would be brought into practice with great advantage at the end of the war , at which time , with hardly any inconvenience , it might be moulded into a permanent system . To render the plan more perfect , he thought it adviseable , that besides the local militia , we should have a body of troops not so numerous as the militia , but applicable to the defence of every part of the empire , serving as well in Ireland as in England . These , he would take the liberty of suggesting , should amount to 35,000 men , composing a species of reserve for the army , to be trained and commanded by regular officers . On military subjects we could not have better authority than that power which had vanquished the greater part of the continent of Europe . The French had carried the Roman military system to a degree of perfection which the inventors of it never could have foreseen it would have reached . They had distinguished their national guards into sedentary and moveable . He thought this principle could be advantageously applied to the constitution of our militia . There would , however , be so many opportunities of discussing the measure in all its details , that he would not , for the present , trespass any longer upon the indulgence of the house . rose to offer a few remarks upon the plan of the noble lord , but he could not help previously making one observation upon what had just fallen from the right hon . gent . who spoke last . The right hon . gent . had expressed a hope , that the time was now arrived in which a permanent system would be adopted for the defence of the country . Why this hope should be entertained by the right hon . gent . now , rather than at any former time , he was at a loss to conceive , and it appeared to him rather curious that such a hope should be entertained by those who were now breaking up the system already established . It was as absurd as a call for unanimity would be at the very moment when matter of contention and dispute was brought forward . The question was , what it was upon which they were to settle ? The right hon . gent . certainly could not expect , that he should agree to a system which went to subvert 50 another which he wished to see permanent . As to the grand plan of the noble lord , this was not the proper time for discussing it . He called it a grand plan , because grand it certainly was , when he considered the persons from whom it came , the mighty preparations which had been made for its introduction , that it was full of complexity and involution , of ingenious and intricate machinery , of springs of various powers , and of wheels within wheels , or , to borrow an expression from the Critic , that it was replete with business , incident , and bustle , and likely to keep the reader in suspense to the very last scene of the last act . Without , however , at present , entering into the details of the measure , which certainly did not conform to the rule