a provision for the catholic clergy . This , and a proper plan of education to enlighten the minds of the people , would be the best boon for Ireland . The granting of the present claims could do little good , and might do a great deal of harm . supported the motion . Adverting to the power of rejecting their Bishops , which the Catholics were 687 willing to give his majesty , he explained it more fully . They were disposed to lay before his majesty a list of three persons , of whom his majesty was to be at liberty to reject two ; the remaining one would be invested with the episcopal dignity ; but if his majesty were to reject the whole three , then another list of three distinct persons would be submitted to his consideration , and so on until his majesty should signify his approbation of any individual , by allowing his name to remain . The noble duke said he was somewhat surprised at the manner in which the name of Dr. Milner had been mentioned ; he was a gentleman of learning and science , with whose acquaintance he had been some time honoured . The petition was recommended to the house by the signatures of several noblemen , the ancestors of some of whom had been in parliament in times more favourable to their religious tenets , and one of them had been raised to the peerage by his present majesty . He himself respected the established church as much as any man , and if he thought it would be in the smallest degree endangered by the indulgencies sought by the catholics , he should most assuredly oppose the measure ; but being convinced that nothing of that kind was to be apprehended , he should support the reference of the petition to a committee . was of opinion , that parliament had gone on too far in the system of concession to the catholics now to make a stop , consistently with the object which gave rise to that system . He could not conceive the principle upon which the catholics were admitted into the army , the navy , and certain civil departments of the state , while they were to be excluded from those appointments for which the petitioners sought . The house should , he thought , go into the proposed committee , and there it might be considered how far the prayer of the petition might be acceded to , and whether any and what conditions were necessary to accompany the grant of the prayer of the petitioners in order to secure the Protestant establishment , in solicitude for the maintenance of which he would yield to no person or party whatever . had hoped , from the conduct of the learned lord when this subject was last before parliament , and from his knowledge of the laws and constitution of his country , that he would vote against the motion , and not for it . For his own part , he should fail in his duty if he did 688 not declare most decidedly , that his objection to granting the prayer of the petition did not rest on times and circumstances , but on principle . This opinion was founded on his conviction that a protestant government alone was consistent with the laws and constitution of the British empire . The noble baron by whom the question had been brought forward had said , that it would be no injustice to keep a Roman-catholic from the crown , because no person who could have any pretensions to the crown was a catholic . But such a case might exist : the presumptive heir to the crown might be a catholic , and then his exclusion would be a hardship ; but that was not to be set against the safety of the protestant establishment . Our allegiance to the house of Brunswick was paid , not because it was the house of Brunswick alone , but because it was a protestant house . If it was necessary that the