prudence , to decline placing in their hands an engine of great and indefinite power . Upon the general question , his lordship desired to be considered as giving no opinion whatever , applicable to all times and to all circumstances ; he had wished to argue this motion upon grounds entirely independent of the merits of the general 985 question ; and , upon these grounds , he should give his vote against it . spoke in favour of the motion proposed by his noble friend . He considered several of the arguments adduced by noble lords on the opposite side , as strong reasons to induce him to approve of this clause being inserted in the present bill ; particularly what had been stated concerning the great share which the Catholics possessed of the commercial wealth of Ireland . observed , that by a declaration which he held in his hand , it appeared that the Catholics completely renounced all power whatever residing in foreign ecclesiastical persons . After several other observations , he concluded by giving his assent to the motion . opposed the motion on the general grounds that no further concessions whatever should , under the present circumstances , be granted to the catholics . He was surprised to see such motions so often brought forward by those who , when they were themselves in power , employed every exertion to deprecate and prevent such discussions . They were the real authors of any ill consequences which might arise from a refusal to accede to such claims . could not but repeat his former objections to such claims . The more we were ready to grant them , the more encouragement we gave the catholics to come forward with fresh claims , and perhaps to insist upon them . The writers among the catholics of Ireland gave repeated proofs of what were their real intentions . In a book published by one of them , a Mr. M'Kenna , ( with whom he believed a noble marquis opposite was on terms of intimacy ) , it was proposed , that provision should be made for the catholic clergy out of the property of the established church . Was there , then , no danger to be feared for our establishments ? declared , that he had not even heard of the publication alluded to . He had been for some time past a silent observer of what passed on the subject of the catholics , but being thus alluded to , he felt it his duty to state , that he differed in every respect from the noble and learned lord as to the concessions which should be made to the catholics of Ireland . Their situation was one which he had over and over discussed and well considered , and , on the whole , he was satisfied in his own mind , that they 986 should be admitted to an immediate and full participation of the constitution . He had witnessed a proof of the loyalty of that body while he had the honour of being lord lieutenant . He begged the attention of noble lords to the circumstance , for it was worthy of consideration under existing circumstances . The house must recollect , that twenty-six years ago , Ireland had been not only threatened with invasion , but that the French fleet had been actually off the Irish coast for the purpose of accomplishing that object . It would be granted that such a state of things was of itself highly alarming , but the danger was encreased ten fold , aye a hundred fold : and why ? Because the government and the bank of that country were both actually bankrupt at that critical moment . He stated it as an undeniable fact , that there was not a single guinea in the Treasury to pay the regular force , which , by the bye , was very small , not more than four thousand . Their lordships would acknowledge that this was a trying situation ; and , God knows , he felt it so under the difficulties of