, and upon the footing the most creditable and delicate towards him . It became , Mr . Pole said , his duty to communicate the sentiments of their lordships to Mr. Dalrymple . In the month of April an interview took place , and Mr. Dairymple had printed an account of the conversation that passed at it ; this account , Mr . Pole said , was certainly not correct ; it was indeed almost impossible that it should be so , as it was certainly set down merely from memory , and the conversation was a very long one . He believed , however , that no person who had seen Mr. Dalrymple 's report of the conversation would say that his part of it , at least , was not conducted in a spirit of conciliation , and with all the respect and delicacy due to a person of Mr. Dalrymple 's character and high attainments . He had been instructed to tell Mr. Dalrymple , that their lordships proposed he should retire upon the largest pension they were authorized to give by his majesty 's order in council . The conversation closed by Mr. Dairymple 's refusing to be superannuated ; and from that period , said Mr . Pole , to the end of the month of May , many things occurred that rendered it at length absolutely necessary that Mr. Dalrymple 's removal should take place . It became a question whether he should remain , and the public service , in a matter thought of the utmost importance to the safety of the king 's ships in every part of the world , be absolutely impeded ; or whether he should retire upon an allowance , deemed by his majesty in council an adequate reward for long and faithful services . The board of admiralty determined upon the latter proceeding , and he had been commanded to write to him , acquainting him with their lordships ' decision . His letter on the 28th of May , Mr. Dalrymple had also printed . It would be seen , he trusted , that it was written in the same spirit of consideration for Mr. Dairymple 's feelings , which the admiralty had manifested through the whole transaction . There was one passage in the letter which 1138 required explanation : the board of admiralty had directed him to state to Mr. Dalrymple , that upon application for superannuation , their lordships would order his retirement upon a pension to the full extent allowed by the king 's order in council . The admiralty had given this order , because they conceived that in granting public money to any individual , they were bound to shew the public that the individual , however meritorious , was not so circumstanced as to be enabled to retire without requiring aid , which his majesty was pleased to sanction in such cases . Mr. Dalrymple , however , disdained to make the application ; but the admiralty , the day after his removal , having heard , that his circumstances were not affluent , but that he objected to make to them the usual application , had directed an order to be sent to the navy board for his superannuation , which accordingly took place . Mr . Pole concluded by trusting he had satisfied the house , that through the whole of this proceeding the utmost respect , consideration , and tenderness , had been manifested to Mr. Dalrymple , and that his removal from his office had arisen from absolute necessity . repeated what he had formerly stated . He imputed no blame , to the admiralty board for dismissing Mr. Dalrymple : as he had already said , he should have been better pleased , if they had pursued their indulgence to the utmost degree to which it could be carried , which , in his opinion , they might have done on account of the past and meritorious services of that very eminent and respectable man . rose to call the attention of the house to the critical situation in which we now stood