separate bill . The instances I have quoted are sufficient to shew , that the lords have manifested no jealousy upon this head , and that hitherto they have been content to abstain from insisting upon that which to-night we seem desirous , unasked , to concede . Let it not be forgotten , that over the amount of the sums voted for the army , navy , and ordnance , the lords have no controul but by throwing out the Appropriation act . It is by that act only that they are informed of the number of seamen and soldiers annually provided for ; and that provision they can neither increase nor diminish , without stopping the whole supplies of the year . In a war like the present , is the strength of the army and navy of less importance than the acknowledgment of a debt due to Mr. Palmer ? It is asked , Whether we shall be justified in pursuing a course with respect to Mr. Palmer , which there is reason to suppose the lords will resist , and by their resistance subject the country to the inconvenience 1036 of an immediate , prorogation and a new session . To this I say , first , that I do not believe the fact that the lords would alter the Appropriation act , notwithstanding what has been whispered about ; and next , that , if they should , the responsibility is upon them and not upon us . We do no more than follow the established course of proceeding . It will be for their lordships to consider , whether , on their part , they will act discreetly in amending , for the first time , the Appropriation act , and thereby stopping the supplies . The lords and not the commons will produce the inconvenience ; and it will be for them , therefore , to shew , that the case of Mr. Palmer is so different from any which has ever come before them , that it calls for an unprecedented exercise of power , and warrants an unheard of interruption to public affairs.—The merits of Mr. Palmer 's Claim are no longer before us . They have been solemnly decided upon by five distinct resolutions of the house , supported by gentlemen of different political parties and opinions . What relates to Mr. Palmer is , therefore , disposed of , and the question now is , whether the house will carry into effect , according to the established course of its proceedings , its own deliberate decisions . It pleases the chancellor of the exchequer to move for leave to bring in a separate bill on the part of Mr. Palmer , not only without his consent but against his express desire . The right hon . gent . will not , I am sure , deny , that his object in so doing is to defeat the determination of the house , by enabling his friends in the lords with the more ease to crush an individual whose claims on our justice , with all his exertions , he has not here had sufficient strength to resist . Our vote of this night will shew , whether we can stoop to be made the instruments of such a manœuvre ; whether we can be brought to throw discredit upon our own resolutions , and from an unworthy apprehension of the power of the lords be induced to adopt a course derogatory to the privileges of the commons . —Sir , I can not , I must own , discover any reason why the lords should be debarred the liberty of examining a subject like this , founded on the existence or non-existence of a contract , especially when they have the right of administering oaths to extort truth , at the bar of their house , and especially as there are so many cases produced to show that this is not an unusual mode of proceeding . I have paid 1037 great attention to the conduct of his majesty 's ministers in this affair , and must own ,