hold in my hand , written by Mr. Domat upon the public law of nations , appears to me unanswerable upon this point , and I shall with the leave of the house read it to them . An heir or successor , from the very circumstance of his possessing the inheritance , is not only bound for the engagements of the person whom he succeeds , but can not be discharged from the obligation which the deceased may have occasioned by his crimes or offences , neither under the pretext that he derives no benefit from their crimes or offences , nor because there may have been no accusation or condemnation against the deceased . For though the offence or injury committed by the deceased were of such a nature as never to have yielded ; any positive profit to himself , yet the heir or successor , as he reaps advantages by the inheritance , is bound for the reparation of the damages occasioned by the offence of the person to whose possessions he succeeds.—Having thus shortly stated to the house my opinions upon the evidence , founded upon a tolerable knowledge of Persian correspondence , I have no hesitation in giving it as the unbiassed feeling of my mind , that lord Wellesley and lord Clive would have deserved the reproaches of this country , if , knowing as they did how grossly the treaty had been violated in granting tunkaws , and in maintaining a secret hostile correspondence , they had been restrained by any fear of the personal enmity which it might excite from insisting upon an arrangement like that concluded with Azeem ul Dowlah . For nearly 50 years the Company had been wasting their other revenues and accumulating an immense debt in support of the expences of their connection with Mahomed Ally ; from the year I760 until 1786 , the Company were satisfied to protect the whole of the Carnatic for a payment little exceeding four lacs , leaving his highness to riot 795 in corruption and personal ostentation upon a revenue of 260,000 lacs annually ; and when at length this connexion is broken , after the waste of the Bengal revenues , after the waste of torrents of British blood , there is a debt often millions upon the country , composed in some instances of bribes paid in the shape of bonds for obstructing the Company 's government , and equal in its amount to all the nabob ever paid to the Company for their protection . Having already described , from the works of Burke , the nature of the nabob 's government down to the year 1782 , and subsequently from the opinions of lord Macartney , sir A. Campbell , lord Cornwallis , and lord Hobart , I may assert , without any appearance of arrogance , upon my own personal observation , that all I ever saw of his highness 's government either at Madras , where I resided six years , or in the interior of the provinces , where I continued five years , has fully confirmed to me the literal truth of every thing stated by those illustrious persons . With such impressions of the calamity resulting from this management , I could not but rejoice in the measure which extinguished the source of so many evils ; and as there seems to be a doubt entertained of the benefits which have been derived to the people from the change of government , I shall explain to the house , in a few words , in what great particulars this difference between the government of the Company and that of the nabob of the Carnatic consists . And first I would say a few words upon the pecuniary consequences of this arrangement , which have been s-o much misstated by the hon . member ( Mr. G. Johnstone ) who spoke from the floor . That hon . member has declared that the Company have received , since their possession of the Carnatic , less as a net revenue , than they before derived as subsidy from the nabob . In the