be entertained in the present session , as it was incompatible with several provisions in the Mutiny Act , particularly with that which bound members of Courts Martial to keep their decisions secret till they should be revised by the crown . But , in answer to the general reasoning of the hon . member , he should argue , without going back to the times before the Revolution , which afforded no precedent applicable at present , that the interference proposed would be injurious . The hon . gent , allowed that his majesty ought always to have the power of judging what officers he should employ , and what officers he should dismiss . He would ask , then , what difference the alteration proposed in the 814 powers of Courts Martial could make in the case alluded to ; namely , that of the hon . Cochrane Johnstone ? Supposing him acquitted by the court , the hon . member allowed his majesty might still dismiss him . The immediate promulgation of the sentences of Courts Martial would be , in many cases , cruel to the officers themselves ; for it would deprive his majesty of the exercise of that beneficial mercy by which he often remitted a censure or reprimand , in consideration of matters that were specified with honour to the officer in question , so as to leave him still in the service with unimpaired , and sometimes even exalted character . The naval service and the military were distinct in character , constitution , and government . The laws applicable to the one were frequently inapplicable to the other . There was no good ground for interfering with that system , by which the army had now been governed for a century . Any other system would , he was sure , be attended with injury . The annual revision of the Mutiny Act was the proper parliamentary controul , and it was amply sufficient for every good purpose . from the obvious fact of naval discipline being adequate to every good purpose , saw no reason why the more just and equitable constitution of naval Courts Martial should not extend to the army . He adverted to the case of col. Cochrane Johnstone , and insisted on the hardship of punishing that gentleman after he had been acquitted by the Court Martial . A similar influence might again be put into action for the injury of some deserving member of society . No other hopes of advancement should be held out , but those dependent on exclusive merit and military pre-eminence . The greatest possible injury that could be done to the character or feelings of an officer , who had been honourably acquitted , was to pass him over in the list of promotions , except that which went so far as to reverse the sentence of the court by which he was tried . Seeing , as he did , the necessity of reformation , and the wide door which had been opened to abuses , he should certainly support the motion . observed , that the measure proposed would go not only to alter the Mutiny Act , but also the Articles of War . The navy was the characteristic and constitutional force of Britain , and might therefore be governed more by the regulations of the legislature . But the 815 army was a new force , arising out of the 14extraordinary exigencies of modern times , and , from every consideration of expediency and necessity , must be left under the controul of the crown . was ready to admit that Courts Martial required a reform to render the constitution of them and some of their forms of proceeding , more consistent with the general spirit of British law . But the present proposition went too far . If the power of the crown was too much relaxed , the army would become highly dangerous to the people and to the crown also . He allowed the extreme hardship of col. Cochrane Johnstone 's case , and would have been happy if it had been in