would urge them . Nobody will be so absurd as to advise them not to urge them ; but I do know that the Catholics would have accepted that as a great boon ; and this I state as an answer to those who say , that the Catholics were not in earnest about the passing of the Bill which was introduced into this house by my noble friend ; for nothing can be more unfounded than the assumed fact , that the Catholics would not have accepted that bill as a great boon . From what I have stated , I should have hoped that the discussion of this question will do much good in this country ; for instead of being afraid of discussing it , I wish it to be discussed as often as possible , and if it were not for tiring the house , with a too frequent repetion , I should wish it to be discussed once every month , until the object of the Catholics be gained ; as gained , some time or other , it will be . The more the people of England understand this subject , the better ; for then , the more will reason prevail over their prejudice , for prejudices , at present , they have . I am not saying that this discussion will be perfectly successful , my right hon . friend has not urged his argument with that view ; but I say that the effect of the frequent discussion of this subject will be , to dispel prejudice , and that is not , it seems to me , a difficult matter with the people of England , for the people of England are a steady , sober , thinking people ; a people among whom knowledge is very generally diffused , who have a natural love of justice , who always lean to what is fair and equitable , even although it may appear to be against their interest—a people who not only enjoy the blessings of a free constitution , but who wish to extend its blessings to those who enjoy them not . With a people so gifted , a people so blessed , so disposed , it is he extravagant expectation that reason should conquer prejudice ; and therefore I can not believe that the frequent discussion of this subject will have an unfavourable effect on the cause of the Catholics ; on the contrary , my firm belief is , that the more this subject is discussed the more good will be done to the cause , and the sooner we shall arrive at that which is most earnestly to be desired , and most strenuously promoted , a perfect harmony between the people of England and of Ireland , without which you will never be a strong empire.—I say you will never be a strong empire until the people of Ireland become , as it were , 618 a part of the British people ; then , but then alone , will you be placed in that attitude in which you may securely bid defiance to the power of France . in explanation , said ; Nothing , in the shape of a pledge , or any sort of understanding , took place between the government and the Catholics , which , could possibly fetter the discretion of parliament on the subject of the Catholic claims prior to the union . As to the two papers which were circulated among the Catholics of Ireland , and which have been considered as proceeding from the union , it is observable , from the papers themselves , they were not intended for the public eye . One of these papers is stated to contain a declaration , that those who then , and on that occasion , retired from the public service , considered themselves as pledged not to accept any office in government , until the Catholic question was carried in favour of the Catholics . Where can the house see that paper in an authentic shape ? It was never issued here in such a shape