, sailed from Plymouth 6th Aug. ; Edgar , 74 guns , sailed from Plymouth 5th July ; Warrior , 74 guns , sailed from Plymouth 18th July ; Renown , 74 guns , sailed from Plymouth 28th Sept. all victualled for 5 months ; Indefatigable , 44 guns , sailed from Plymouth 18th Oct. ; Emerald , 36 guns , sailed from Plymouth 7th Aug. ; Phœnix , 36 guns , sailed from Plymouth 10th Sept. ; Tribune , 36 guns , sailed from Plymouth 18th Oct. all victualled for 4 months ; Foxhound , 18 guns , sailed from Plymouth 2d Sept. victualled for 3 months ; Martial , 10 guns , sailed from Plymouth 18th Sept. , victualled for two months ; Rapid , 10 guns , sailed from Plymouth 25th Sept. , victualled for two months . 3 . That it appears to this house the Conqueror did not join the squadron cruizing off Rochfort , nor were any ships ordered to join lord Gardner , for the purpose of enabling his lordship to send relief to that squadron , before the 21st Dec. 1807 . 4 . That on the 11th Nov. 1807 , the squadron off Rochfort had not more than 12 weeks provisions . That on the 23d Dec. it was further reduced , the bread averaging for the whole squadron only 36 , and the wine and spirits 30 days ; and that on the 4th of Jan. , 1808 , the squadron had only three weeks provisions , although the bread appears to have been reduced to two-thirds allowance from Dec. 21st 1807 ; and further , that it was not until the 12th of Jan. , when the squadron was reduced to 13 days provisions , that any part of it was relieved by fresh ships , or supplied with any provisions , notwithstanding the earnest entreaties and repeated representations from admiral lord Gardner , rear-admiral sir R. Strachan , and admiral Young . 5 . That on the 12th of Jan. 1808 , the Superb and Mediator joined the squadron ten leagues south-west of the Rochebonnes , that the Lavinia joined on the 14th , and the Colossus on the 15th , and that it was the 19th of Jan. before the Mediator was cleared of her stores ; and that the squadron was unable to regain its station , owing to the delay occasioned in the clearing the Mediator , the adverse winds , and rough weather ; and that on the 17th of Jan. , Sunday , the French squadron , from Rochfort , was seen at sea by the Phœnix , having , as it appears , escaped out of Rochfort during the time rear-admiral sir R. Strachan had been obliged to quit that station for the purpose of receiving provisions . `` —Upon the first Resolution being put from the chair , rose and said , that as the hon . gent , had thought proper to move a series of Resolutions without at present following them up with any thing expressive of the object avowed , he should feel it his duty to move the previous question upon the first Resolution . He was , he confessed , not a little surprised to hear that object still avowed by the hon . gent. , after his having perused the papers that had been laid upon the table of the house , because he thought that those papers must impress the mind of every candid man with a conviction of the zeal , vigilance , and activity , of the present board of admiralty . The hon . gent , had brought two most serious charges against the board ; one was , that the board paid no attention whatever to the repeated and earnest requisitions of the several commanders of the blockading squadrons , complaining of want of provisions , and requiring relief and supply . The other was , that sir R. Strachan had been compelled to abandon his station off Rochfort , in consequence of want of provisions . Here he would observe , that the rendezvous appointed by the admiralty for