to apply that species of property to any foreign purpose . It was not to serve the laity , but to provide a due provision for those of their own calling , to whom , both a sense of interest for religion , and a feeling of sound policy , ought to administer competency and comfort . The learned doctor had argued , that , because some years ago , a reverend prelate had been unsuccessful in a measure similar to the present , therefore the motion of his right hon . friend ought to be refused . Such an inference was totally inconclusive ; as the usage of parliament never could warrant this doctrine , that it should , on all subsequent occasions , refuse the adoption of a measure , merely because previous parliaments did not feel the propriety of acceding to some of a similar nature . The provisions of the proposed bill would be fully within the controul of the house , although it should accede to the present motion . But if , on the contrary , the house should , in the present stage , determine on the impropriety of submitting it to parliamentary discussion , then it would have adopted this principle , that in the regulation of the church all interference was improper . What would the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer say to such doctrine ? He who felt so warmly the necessity of some measure of church reform , and had actually before the house a measure of legislation , which went to take from the property of the rector of a living of 250l . a-year ? He had descanted upon the justice and propriety of such a reform . He had allowed no fear of innovation nor apprehension of disturbing or burdening church property , to interfere , or to retard this his favourite scheme ; and surely if there was any parity in reasoning , or any consistency to be pursued , he must feel the necessity and the justice of the bill which his right hon . friend had now asked leave to introduce . observed , that he was by no means inclined to retract or to qualify any one opinion which he had advanced in the support of the measure ( the Stipendiary Curates ' bill ) to 283 which the last speaker adverted ; still he considered the bill now proposed a most oppressive mode of regulation , burdening the clergy with a severe imposition of taxation . In this country it was felt , upon a person being preferred to a bishopric or great living , that at least the product of three or four years of his income was anticipated by the expenses which , on his induction , he had to defray . ( Knight of Kerry ) advised the chancellor of the exchequer to pause before he rejected a measure which , if refused , must lead to a full investigation of the state in which the Irish church was . placed . He proved , from an historical review , that the act of Queen Anne , by which the fund of first fruits were made available to the erection of glebe houses , and to the promotion of pious purposes , had been received by the clergy of that age as a great boon ; so much so , that there existed a great competition with respect to the organ through which they should convey their thanks to the throne . There was no man who so well knew the necessity for the proposed measure as the learned doctor . He knew the deficiency of glebe houses in Ireland , and that such deficiency was , at all visitations , the pretext and excuse for the non-residence of the clergy . Was the house only to recognize this doctrine , that whilst the unhappy peasant of Ireland was oppressed with burdens and extreme taxation , the great , enormous , and lucrative incomes of the clergy , were not to pay any proportion , even to the support of the poor of their own