privilege of freedom of speech , but he had gone to the full extent of that privilege in using language which he dared not use elsewhere . He contended , that the judgment of the house , however pronounced , after the discussion and investigation that had taken place , would be decisive of the case . If the decision should be unfavourable to lord Wellesley , he would bow to it as a fair condemnation ; if it should be favourable , he would rely on it as a full and fair acquittal . He was convinced that lord Wellesley had been actuated by no principles but a regard for the honour and interest of his country ; and in this conviction he boldly met those accusations , which , if he thought them at all founded in fact , he should shrink from , and hide his face at a distance from this house and from the society in which he had the honour to associate . regretted that the hon . gent had so totally misconceived him . He had never said that that hon . gent . or any of his friends , were anxious to blink the question ; but he had said the very reverse . He had said , too , what he would repeat , that moving the previous question was not the way to obtain for the noble marquis the honourable and satisfactory investigation so much wished for by his friends . It was not directly meeting the very serious charges brought against that noble lord . As to the part he took in the present question , the hon . gent . knew well that he could not be influenced by any other motive than a sense of public duty . As to the fraternal intemperance of the 769 hon . gent , he was willing , if not to approve at least to overlook it ; at the same time he denied that any thing had ever fallen from him that went to impeach the private moral character of the noble marquis ; though he always thought , and was still of opinion , that that noble lord betrayed too often a mischievous ambition , that might be ultimately ruinous to the British interests in the East . He would repeat his wish , that the worthy baronet would wave his antecedent Resolutions , and come at once to the immediate point at issue , as to lord Wellesley 's conduct with respect to the Carnatic . stated , that when the hon . baronet had opened his Resolutions , an hon . friend of his ( Mr. Wallace ) , gave notice that he would move the previous question on the Resolutions of fact , and a direct negative on the criminating Resolution , for which he proposed to substitute a resolution of approbation . thought it a most extraordinary proceeding , that after the course just stated should have been laid down in the presence of the right hon . gent , a fortnight since , and he had heard it , and was ready to speak on it without exception , he all at once came forward this night to reverse all that had been done , and substitute a general question . Nothing but the previous question would be a proper proceeding on some of the Resolutions . The others were to be met directly in the most decided manner . felt himself warranted by the practice of parliament in proposing the previous question on the Resolutions of fact . To the criminatory Resolution he proposed a direct negative , to be followed up with a Resolution of approbation . There could be no question that a decision on these Resolutions would fully convey the sense of the house . The hon . baronet who opened the charge , and every other person who spoke on the question treated of it in its full extent . considered that his Resolution ought to be agreed to without a question . On the fourth Resolution , which was criminating , he thought the house ought to go