with at present rather too little than too much encouragement , and that the three competing markets of the ordinary consumption , as , food of man and beast , of the breweries , and the distilleries , were all necessary for the maintenance of the farmer 's prosperity , and for sustaining the present production of grain . Now , if it were so , here is a new and a fourth market , the market which had been occupied by the foreign supply—was that , too , necessary ? why , then , had it been preoccupied ? Or , if it was not necessary , how would the growers of grain be injured , were it possible to bring our colonial produce to supply exactly the place in consumption which that foreign supply had occupied ? But as that was not possible , where , again , was the injury to the grower of grain if a fair exchange were made , and if in return for the market of the supply from abroad , which must , be now given to him , we asked to borrow the market of the distillery , until it should be proved that our own agricultural resources were equal to the whole ? —He had kept in the back ground the distresses of the Went India trade , yet the house had acknowledged that they were great and urgent . For his own part , he knew that 526 they were indeed most critically urgent , and that , though they had hitherto fallen chiefly on those directly connected with the colonies , they must , ere long be very generally felt , and that the landed interest in its turn would not escape their influence . He had expected to have found a sentiment somewhat more liberal in the house on this occasion ; that we should have gladly united in approving the means of defeating any of the purposes of our great and inveterate enemy . It was the same adverse and overruling power which denied an access to the markets where we might sell our surplus colonial produce , and the means too of importing our deficit of grain . We had the power in our hands of setting one of the efforts of his malice in remedy of the other , and thus of cancelling both ; yet it seemed rather to be the sentiment of some of his honourable friends , that a measure which they considered as pernicious in itself was to be considered the more so because it was connected with the relief of the West India colonies.—It had , indeed , been objected to the measure , that it must be ineffectual for the relief of the colonies ; this objection was urged with a very bad grace by those who denied that the question ought at all to be connected with the West India distresses : but there could be no doubt that in as far as sugar should find a new consumption in the distilleries , the planters and importers of that article must experience relief , and although that relief should be temporary , and that more permanent relief should not ( as he trusted it would ) be administered , yet the colonists were in the condition of an exhausted patient to whom a cordial might be administered with propriety in order to enable him to bear his subsequent remedies , although you would not expect permanently to support and restore him by cordials.—An to those observations which tended to represent the West India case as originating wholly in improvident and extravagant speculations , he should , perhaps , have another opportunity of noticing them . The Report would shew how little those observations were borne out by fact . The Import of Sugar from our colonies in the three years ending in 1805 , was 2,947,530 cwt . From the same colonies in the three years ending in 1785 , immediately after the peace of 1782 , 1,814,190 cwt . ; shewing an increase , in 20 years , of 1,133,340 cwt.—Or , if we looked to