marquis , that he was not actuated by motives of pecuniary aggrandizement , yet there were a thousand other bad passions which might actuate a minister , equally as mischievous and destructive to the interests of a nation , as those connected with the most sordid motives . Inordinate ambition must on all hands be admitted , in a moral point of view , to be the most pernicious of all the passions that actuated the human mind . That such was the motive of the noble marquis in his administration , must depend upon what degree of credit the house would attach to the evidence of the papers on the table . In his opinion , formed upon the consideration he had given to those documents , the accusations were unanswerable . Here the learned gent , combated the arguments used to justify the policy adopted by this country towards the native powers of India . Nothing was more unjust and unprincipled , nothing was 939 more opposite , not only to the law of nations but those of nature , than the system of oppression practised upon the unfortunate nabob of Arcot ; whose rights and privileges were violated upon the most unwarranted and unjust pretence of having broken a treaty , when , in fact , the most barefaced act of tyrannical policy obtruded itself throughout the whole transaction . He related the history of the first transactions of the British government with the nabob of Arcot , until the period of his contracting his debt with them , and detailed the various pretences urged by them for increasing that debt , which he considered as the over-reaching principle which universally characterized the conduct of the India company 's servants , and brought the narrative down to the period of their interposition in the affairs of the Carnatic , under die pretence of the discovery of the secret correspondence with the neighbouring potentates , for the purpose of forming a confederacy against the British interest . In considering the evidence in support of the allegation , that a violation of treaty was the ground of their interference , he contended that there was a previous determination of the government of India to adopt that measure long before any knowledge of such pretended correspondence was received , He knew of no law of nations that could warrant so unjust an interference on our part upon presumed evidence of danger . He did not deny the principle of self-preservation , as the first law of nature ; but the fact of real danger must be clearly justified and substantiated , before we could presume to violate every law both human and divine . With respect to the stress laid so strongly tipon the mysterious information contained in the cypher , he argued , that there was nothing in it , if the context was considered , that could justify such a construction as that put , upon it by the advocates of the noble lord . This cypher was to be used as a breach of treaty , and consequently was not a sufficient justification for the acts of tyranny practised upon the nabob . The treaty stipulated that the nabob was not to go to war without the consent of the British government . Now , supposing even that , this correspondence did contain sentiments of a political nature , was it just or reasonable to infer that any breach of treaty with the British government was meant ? He was persuaded that out of twenty letters which had passed from the nabob to the other powers , his allies , not a single phrase 940 had been used which could attach to the nabob any violation of treaty . Taking the whole of the evidence , and the arguments upon this question urged by the gentlemen on the same , side of the house , he was decidedly of opinion that this act was not founded injustice or sound policy , which were inseparable from humanity and benevolence . said , he was not disposed to enter into a discussion upon the merits of this question .