interfere with the whole living , by taking it from the incumbent who neglected to perform his duty , and granting it to another under their own appointment . This right of the bishops interference had continued in unison with the ecclesiastical and statute law , from the time of Edward 3d. , down to the present hour—a period of 500 years . Another observation had been made , and it contained a very grave and serious charge , alleging that the bishops already had too much power , and that they had been guilty of abuse in the exercise thereof . He trusted that no one would presume to attack a whole profession , without giving proof of his assertion . He should not believe the accusation , if it were not supported by sufficient proof , and he thought it would be difficult to produce any satisfactory testimony . At the same time , he was anxious to better the situation of the curates of this kingdom : the beneficed clergy would do him the justice to acknowledge that he had , on a former occasion , been as solicitous for their interest ; and he did think that the success of that bill , which increased the livings of the clergy of London , was accelerated by his exertions , and he had received their thanks for his conduct in respect to that measure . Thus far he was induced to speak of his own services , but from no other motive than to justify his conduct upon this occasion . With confidence he felt himself disposed to leave the present bill to the due consideration and wisdom of that house , as their lordships would duly estimate its importance as necessary to support the best interests of religion . considered the arguments alledged by the right rev . prelate , 1089 in respect to proceeding upon this measure , merely because the legislature interfering on a former occasion , in 1790 , as dangerous to the rights of the Church . He did view this measure in a different light from that rev . prelate ; at the same time , he venerated him for his learning , and the good he had done the country . But , paying him that homage which was due to him from every peer of that house , he could not reconcile the principles of the bill to his approbation , It was a violation of private property , and it was to be defended on this ground , that a part of the rector 's income had been apportioned to the curate on a former occasion . Why then , at a future time another bill might be introduced , founded upon the present , to appropriate the whole of the incumbent 's living ! Even the act of 1796 , in his mind , had been the cause of considerable hardship ; there were livings as low as 100l . a-year , and yet 75l . out of that must be paid to the officiating curate . He felt as much as any man for the distressed situation of poor curates ; but while we attended to their relief , we should be cautious of doing injury to another class of the same profession . He was adverse to the principle of the bill , and certainly should give his dissent to the measure . vindicated the present measure , as justified by the laws of ancient and modern times . There was some reason to apprehend that the ecclesiastical law , without any act of the legislature , permitted the bishops to interfere with the disposal of benefices , for the purpose of having the service duly performed . The right by which all livings were held , he contended , was conditional . He argued from the canons and the statutes for centuries , that it had always been deemed the lawful right of the bishop to appropriate a part , and sometimes the whole , as a remuneration to the resident and officiating clergyman . attributed the present measure to the reverend prelate who