, then , the offices of this charitable and naval institution could not be better bestowed than upon those who had survived these battles , but unfortunately were disabled . The sum subscribed by the Patriotic Fund amounted to 40,000l . and such being the intention of that fund , it surely never could be supposed , that other persons subscribing small sums could mean that their donations should be bestowed otherwise than upon individuals connected with the navy . They could never imagine they were subscribing towards the relief of persons , such as those already appointed to offices in that Asylum , who were as far removed from the naval service as the Great Mogul . The house were formerly told , that the office of Auditor of Greenwich Hospital must be filled by a lawyer , that Hospital possessing great sugar estates , and also great estates of other descriptions in the North ; but , in the present case , what was there of law business to transact for the Naval Asylum ? It was not , however , a lawyer that had been appointed to the Asylum , but a wealthy clergyman , who , fordoing little or nothing , was to enjoy , in addition to other income , a salary of 300l . a-year as Auditor . 4 Besides which , he was to possess a free house and garden ; and a very large sum of money had been laid out in repairing a house for his residence , amounting , he believed , to about 1700l . ; and added to all this , even furniture for the house . He really was convinced the duties of the office he alluded to might be performed by some poor wornout or disabled naval or marine officer at a salary less than 100l . a-year ; but instead of this , no less than 700l . was thus squandered away upon a spiritual gentleman , who had no occasion for any assistance whatever . Another thing he should object to upon this establishment was , the appointment of a surgeon who had never been at sea during his life , and inducing him , by a great salary , to give up his private practice , instead of appointing a naval surgeon , who would be less expensive and more thankful for the favour bestowed upon him . There were various other appointments , which he thought objectionable , such as the clerk to the institution , the clerk of instructions , & c. but the chief ones were those he had mentioned , the auditor and the surgeon . He had no difficulty in saying , that the persons who had appointed an Irish clergyman to the office of auditor of the Naval Asylum , had done wrong , if they knew that he was already possessed of four church livings in Ireland , and a glebe land so extensive , as to contain 540 Irish acres . The gentleman he alluded to was Dr. Thomas Brooke Clarke , to whom besides , there had been granted several very large sums , by resolutions of the house , as might be seen by their Journals . Here certain Resolutions were read by the clerk , at the desire of the hon . baronet . Amongst these was the sum of 556l . granted to Dr. Thomas Brooke Clarke , for his trouble in enforcing the residence of the clergy , whilst he himself intended to establish ins residence at the Naval Asylum , instead of being at any of his livings in Ireland . This rev . doctor was also secretary to the library of the prince of Wales . Had all this been known when this reverend divine was recommended , he certainly thought he could not have been appointed to that lucrative situation . There were many of the old disabled officers in the navy , with large families , who would have been most thankful and grateful for the appointments of auditor , surgeon , or clerks to the institution . He should now sit down with the hope