to suspect , that they were not favourable to the conclusion which ministers wished to draw from the operation of those Orders . observed , that the noble secretary of state appeared to have misconceived a part of what he had said with respect to the operation of the Orders in Council on our intercourse with Spain . Spain , in her present anomalous state , was not , it was true , an enemy ; but still she could not be considered as a neutral , and thus , under the operations of the Orders in Council , her ports would be blockaded with respect to the rest of the world . What he was therefore anxious to learn from ministers was , whether they intended to deal , upon this occasion , in the sale of licences , which he considered a narrow and unwise policy ; and whether they intended to revoke those Orders as far as they regarded the ports of Spain . adverted to the document upon the table , containing a statement of the exports and imports at the port of London for the quarter ending the 5th of April 1808 , to shew the decrease , compared with the corresponding quarters of 1807 ; the exports of British manufactures in the latter being 5,100,000l . and in the former 4,900,000l . ; and the imports , and also the exports , of foreign produce , decreasing in proportion , to prove there by the injurious effects of the Orders in Council . observed , that the amount of the exports and imports was no criterion in itself ; the question was , were they greater or less than they would have been if the measure of the Orders in Council had not been resorted to ? With respect to what had been said by the noble lord ( Holland ) , he now clearly understood the object of that noble lord to be to ascertain , whether it was the intention of ministers to revoke the Orders in Council so far as regarded the ports of Spain ? He could only state , that if the noble lord would suspend his curiosity for a few days , he would find that ministers had not omitted the consideration of this part of 1130 the subject , and he had no hesitation in saying , that in this respect , as well as in others , it was their wish to act with the utmost generosity and liberality towards the Spanish nation . expressed a hope that the narrow policy of taking possession of a few ships , would not be the only stimulus to induce ministers to afford assistance to Spain . He considered the cause of the Spaniards entitled to all the aid and protection this country could afford . expressed himself satisfied with the explanation given by the noble secretary of state . having moved the usual grants to the officers of the house , & c. and among others the sum of 1200l . to Mr. Wharton for his trouble in acting as chairman of the public committees of that house , took occasion to repeat the objections he had more than once urged to this grant , which was equal to the allowance made to the commissioners of customs and excise . The duty to be performed by these gentlemen was constant , whereas the labour of the chairman of the committees of ways and means ceased with the session of parliament ; which it was also his duty to attend , independantly of any emolument . If , therefore , 1200l . a year was a sufficient remuneration for a commissioner of customs or excise , he was of opinion it was greatly too much to be paid for the discharge of the duties of chairman of the committees of supply and 1131 of ways and means.—The different votes were then put and agreed to . stated , that the Board of Agriculture had been engaged for some time in collecting Reports of all the different parts of the country , which were to be made the ground work