that the armament sent to the assistance of the king of Sweden , has not yet commenced active operations . The answer to this remark , sir , is to be found in the proposition that this armament was sent to the assistance of the king of Sweden . It was sent to co-operate with the forces of an ally ; to be subject to the plans of warfare which that ally might direct ; if in the interval that has elapsed from the fitting out of the expedition considerable changes have taken place in the posture of affairs , and in the military councils of Sweden , that circumstance would sufficiently account for the inactivity of the British force . If any blame can be imputed to his majesty 's government on this head , it must be for the decision which projected the expedition , and for the promptitude with which that decision was 1049 carried into execution , without waiting until all possible chance vanished of its remaining unemployed on its arrival . But the hon . gent . expresses great surprise that the gallant commander of that expedition was found in England to be placed at the head of it . Sir , I have in a great measure explained this circumstance on a former occasion . The force under the command of sir John Moore , in Sicily , was removed from Sicily to Gibraltar at the eve of a considerable military operation in that quarter of the continent , and when it was highly important to afford the army engaged in that operation the double chance of receiving and from home and from abroad . Sir John Moore arrived at Gibraltar in the latter end of November , two days after the emigration of the royal family of Portugal . Having waited for some time , of coarse in vain , for a communication with sir Sidney Smith , he , in pursuance of his orders , and not in consequence of an error , returned home . As to the impolicy of leaving Sicily with an inadequate garrison , I am ready to admit , that if it were possible it would be highly desirable to attend , at the same time , to every point of our military defence ; but , sir , this is impossible : there are occasions on which a small risk must be run , for the hope of performing a great service . On this principle it was that his majesty 's government thought it advisable to weaken for a time the garrison of Sicily . Whether in doing so they were or were not justifiable , it is for the country to decide.—I now advert , sir , to the questions of the hon . gent , connected with our commerce . He asks whether his majesty 's government have any security for the co-operation of Sweden in their commercial arrangements ? Sir , I have no doubt that at this moment a treaty has been signed at Stockholm , not of indulgent , but of hearty co-operation in those arrangements . As soon as the Swedish government were told what was expected from them by this country , without waiting for the formalities of a treaty , they entered cordially into our views ; but , sir , it was thought advisable that a regular treaty should be concluded , and I repeat that I have no doubt that ere this it has been signed.—America , sir , is the next subject of the hon . gent . 's speech which I shall notice . Of nearly all that has passed between the two countries , the house and the public have been put in possession by the publications of the American government . I presume that the hon . gent . does 1050 not intend to blame his majesty 's ministers for not having made similar communications to parliament ; for if he had thought such communications necessary , he would doubtless have moved for them . Without censuring their production by the American government , his majesty 's ministers have felt that