this bill his support . It was possible in the committee to make many amendments , and supply any defects which the bill in its present form might probably present . could not let this bill pass , even in this stage , or in any other , without entering his decided protest against its objects . It was remarkable enough , that in these times , when changes of ministry were so frequent , that every successive change was the parent of a new military system . Whatever might have been the merit of other systems , he could see in this neither an accession of strength to the country , nor of advantage to the army . Its only object seemed to be art increase of influence to ministers , unnecessary and unmerited . Little , indeed , did it consider the dignity or the comfort of the soldiery ! To the system produced last year , he had the pleasure to give his unqualified approbation . It gave no influence to government ; it flung no disgrace 103 on the military , but brought advantage to both , without compromising the dignity of cither . To the author of that system ( Mr. Windham ) every tribute was due , and he hoped the army would ever hold in proper estimation their eloquent and decided advocate . His plan had given general satisfaction , and created lively hopes ; and it was scandalous that motives of malignant jealousy should blast those hopes , without giving their object even a trial . He said , the expence attendant on the execution of this bill was one reason for his opposing it , and the oppression it encouraged was another . Added to this , he could see no one good effect which it would produce ; nor could all the eloquence of the noble lord persuade him , that soldiers ( miscalled such ) could be fitted for essential service in 28 days . It was impossible even to drill tolerable recruits in that time . The scheme proposed was radically bad , because it employed compulsion to effect what could be effectual only when it was voluntary . The expence , too , he thought a great objection , as it was unattended by any advantage ; it appeared , this Militia was to be armed at the expence of government ; a permanent pay , and a permanent staff kept up , and all for no benefit . As if that was not enough too , the Volunteers were to have rewards given them for transferring themselves to the Militia , and were thus unnecessarily taken from a post in which they were of essential service . Little regard as it had to economy , it had still less to humanity . It went to drag the peasant from his home , from his farm , from the family who looked to him for support , and who were now left to perish unpitied , or procure a wretched subsistence gleaned from the scanty pittance of casual compassion . But the noble lord seemed to think that it would accelerate the recruiting for the regulars . What ! did he suppose that system could benefit any particular part of a body , on the whole of which it cast degradation and contempt ? Did he suppose that men could ever look on servility with a favourable eye ? His general opinion of the bill he had now given pretty fully , but he could not sit down without remarking a few particularly obnoxious clauses . It was intended by the bill , that the same qualifications should be required for this part of the military as for the old militia ; this he could not help considering as particularly absurd , because it was so notorious a defect in the present militia , that he would venture to say there were 104 very few colonels of regiments who were not in want of some officers , owing to the deficiency of qualifications in those applying for commissions . If , then , a difficulty was found