opening of his speech that hon . member avowed that he took shame to himself for not having studied the voluminous papers before the house , so as to speak in the manner he desired upon this great question ; and certainly , sir , the part of his speech in regard to the revenues of the Carnatic , is a very perfect illustration of the justness of this his confession . Had that hon . member read the statements which ( at my instance ) have been laid upon the table of this house , he would have seen that the net average revenues derived from the Carnatic since the treaty made with Azeem ud Dowlah by 796 lord Clive , have been nearly eighteen lacs of star pagodas yearly , which is exactly double the amount received in subsidy annually from Wallajah or Omdut ul Omrah . Such are the happy consequences of this arrangement upon the Company 's finances . The house will , I trust , pardon me , if I detain them for a short time longer in explaining the effects of the change of government upon the people of the Carnatic . Sir , that country is refreshed by few living brooks , or running streams , and it has rain only at a season ; great part of the cultivation of the lands ( and of course the subsistence of the people ) depends upon the preservation of these rains in large reservoirs or tanks , which are to be found in every village , the sacred works of former princes and benefactors . To keep these tanks in repair , requires means far beyond the faculties of the common farmer , or cultivator of the soil ; and if not repaired they soon fall into decay , whereby great part of the benefit they were intended to dispense is lost . To these works Mahomed Ally and Omdut ul Omrah paid scarcely any attention ; every where the tanks were in a state of ruin , whilst the revenues , which arise almost entirely from the cultivation of the lands , were rigorously collected according to the old accounts of cultivation in the villages . Hence the continual oppression of the people , whose miseries were embittered by reflecting that their poverty was owing to the parsimony of their ruler . In the company 's districts , large sums have always been expended upon the tanks ; and I do , sir , exult in the prospect of that plenty which the repair of the tanks in the Carnatic will unquestionably dispense through every village . The next great difference between the company , regards the religions and charitable establishments of the people . The hon . gentlemen opposite are , I dare say , not aware that nearly one-tenth of the revenues of the Carnatic are under various heads applicable to these eatablishments . These are also the pious gifts of the Hindoo princes , and the due appropriation of them is regarded with the deepest interest by all the classes of Hindoos in the Carnatic under the nabob 's government ; these religious allowances formed the fund upon which his unprincipled servants preyed with impunity ; and it has been the wise determination of the company 's government to secure this sacred resource from fraud and peculation , and to apply it 797 wholly to its original pious uses , the support and repair of the pagodas and choultries , and the subsistence of thousands whose livelihood and comfort altogether depend upon the faithful application of these grants . Sir , I know what happiness this measure extends through those extensive provinces , and I trust that it will ever be continued . The last point which I shall notice is the administration of justice , and this in fact comprises every thing Under the nabob 's administration there was no justice at all : it was an annual struggle between his tyrannous exactions and the endeavours of the people to evade them ; hence the great mass of the people were discontented , and ever looking to a change