crop of this country , thought it right , as a precaution against famine , to stop the distillation from corn , with a view to a more ample and satisfactory supply of sustenance for the people . Here the noble lord went into a statement of the quantity of corn imported into G. Britain annually , and contended , that the saving by the prohibition of the distilleries , would be 470,000 quarters , which would cover more than half the deficiency created by the stoppage of importation , and more than the whole importation of oats . Under these circumstances , it seemed right to suspend the distillation from corn , with a discretionary power to the privy council , to extend or to put an end to the restriction as circumstances might require . This was the substance of the Resolutions of the committee , resolutions which they never would have come to , on account of the West India merchants , if the circumstances of the times had not rendered them necessary with a view to the general interests of the country . He argued on the principle , that the distress of one class of the community ought not to be remedied by burthening another class . But he denied the application of the principle in the present instance . The sufferings of the West India merchants were great ; but the relief here proposed went directly to remedy the distress present or eventual of the country , and relieved the distress of the West India proprietors only collaterally . G. Britain imported annually on an average 770,000 quarters of grain from foreign countries . From some of these countries importation was now impossible . From America , in consequence of the embargo , corn could not now be received , and there was no prospect of the impediment being speedily removed . The supply of last harvest was not sufficiently abundant to 430 have a surplus fund that might be relied on . The stock on hand was far short of the probable demand . In the south of England the crop was abundant , in other parts it was not . The crop of wheat was in general good , the crop of barley was short , and that of pulse good for nothing . Here the noble lord cited the evidence of the witnesses before the committee , beginning with Mr. Arthur Young , in order to establish , that the general crop of the last year was short , and the supply in the country insufficient . The stoppage of distillation from grain would be adequate to the importation of 470,000 quarters . In the present circumstances it seemed essential to divert so large a supply from luxury to necessity . It was objected to the measure , that it laid down a bad precedent , tending to encourage the perpetual interference of parliament in such cases . But , the circumstances of the present case were peculiar , and unless the same identical circumstances existed , the precedent could not apply . It was said the quantity of grain sown next year would be diminished by the stoppage . But the quantity to be sown depended on the prices , and the present prices were far from being low . Instead of falling , they had risen since the present , measure was announced . Here the noble lord cited accounts of prices sent to him , which shewed a continued rise in the prices of corn in the last two weeks . In Scotland , in particular , the account stated that the distillers had determined to stop whether there was a provision to that , effect or not . If the business could have been conveniently gone into last night , he was prepared to offer a Resolution for restricting distillation from com for 12 months , from July 1 , 1808 ; with permission to the king in council to do away that restriction whenever an abundant crop should render it adviseable or safe to do so . Understanding , however , that a number of the