them recollect , that it was not the first 29 time in the history of this country that the necessity of the times , and the indignation of the public , had echoed through the land , resume and refund . did not think that the measure of abolishing Reversions would he so productive of advantage to the people as some of its warmest advocates seemed to suppose . The assertion of the hon . baronet , that it would be the commencement of reform , was to him no recommendation of it , knowing , as he did , the dreadful dangers which might ensue from misguided attempts at reformation , of which we had had sufficient examples in a neighbouring country . As to the corruption that was so generally asserted to exist among the higher orders , he contended that that corruption existed in an equal degree to the lower , and that the tree struck its roots as deep into the earth as it elevated its branches into the air . should not have been provoked to say a word at so late an hour , by any thing but the extraordinary position which he had just heard from his right hon . friend . What ! all corruption in the state was to be found only at the root ! The people were the root , and from the people , then , sprung up all corruption ! He must beg his right hon . friend to recollect that he had successively represented such a variety of places ; whether the county of Norfolk , the city of Norwich , St. Mawe 's , or Higham Ferrers , that even a memory like his , and such a known acquaintance with the constitution of parliament , could not well enable him to say of what place he was really the representative . His light hon . friend had chiefly insisted , that the root of corruption was to be traced only to the people . He would contend the very contrary . It was government that was the seducer ; the people the seduced . The present question would put it to the test ; and if his right hon . friend 's principles were to be adhered to , it would only prove , that the drippings of the top of the tree were often the real cause of the branches of the branches , and the corruption of the root . Where root , branches , & c. all were undermined , could any fair fruit be after expected to blossom from such a ground ? The question being loudly called for , the house divided.—For lord Porchester 's Amendment , 60 ; Against it , 112 . Majority in favour of the Reversion Bill as brought in by Mr. Bankes , 52.—The Bill was then passed , and ordered to the lords . called the attention of the house to this bill , which he said purported to be a bill to amend the law , but which , in his opinion , tended to make it worse . He thought that part of the bill in particular which related to proceedings on information highly objectionable . He did not mean to debate the bill now ; his object was , that a day should be fixed for the second reading , and that it should be fully discussed . He therefore moved ; that the bill be read a 2nd time on the 16th of May , and that the lords be summoned . thanked his noble friend for bringing this subject forward ; and although the part of the bill alluded to by his noble friend might not be exactly that on which he should found his objections , he yet must say , without now entering into the subject , that this bill was a great innovation upon the constitution ; and he trusted when the day of discussion arrived , that those who supported the bill would be prepared to state to the house the reasons on which it was founded.—The bill was ordered to be read a