may have been in the reign of Charles 2 , as to the security of the reformed religion , there now exists no doubt , that for fourteen years , a party , in the interests of the prince of Orange , was engaged in exaggerating and inflaming the alarm . And still further , throughout the whole of the reign of Anne , there was likewise a party in parliament , in the pay of , and in correspondence with the elector of Hanover ; who agitated that entire reign with false panics on account of religion ; for the purpose of accrediting which , the penal laws were devised.—I have been induced to trespass on the time of the house with this historical detail ; because much pains has been taken , throughout the discussion of the Catholic claims , to impress a notion , from a false and superficial view of history , that exclusive laws were sanctioned and enforced by important events , favourable to general liberty and the security of the establishments of this country . Besides , when the Catholics are traduced from history , it is necessary to resort to the same source for their justification , and to refute their calumniators ; and it certainly would have Lad the most beneficial effects , if the aright hon . gent . had exerted his influence to restrain that offensive and irritating language , which some of his friends , in this house , have been accustomed to hold towards the Catholics of Ireland.—For the construction I have put on these laws , I can confidently appeal to the highest legal authority . What does judge Blackstone say , in reply to Montesquieu 's censure of those laws , as inconsistent with the boasted freedom of England ? 'That they are 'seldom executed to the utmost rigour ; 'and , indeed if they were , it would be 'very difficult to excuse them : for they 'are rather to be accounted for from their 'history , and the urgency of the times 'which produced them , than to be approv-'ed , upon a cool review , as a standing sys-'term of law . ' And again : 'If ever a time 'should arrive , and perhaps it is not very 'distant , when all fears of a pretender 'shall have vanished ; and the power and 586 'influence of the pope become feeble , 'ridiculous and despicable , not only in 'England , but in every kingdom in Eu-'rope ; it probably would not be then 'amiss to review and soften these rigorous 'edicts ; at least till the civil principles 'of the Roman Catholics called again upon 'the legislature to renew them : For it ought 'not to be left in the breast of any merciless 'bigot , to drag down the vengeance of 'these occasional laws upon inoffensive , 'though mistaken , subjects , to the destruc-'tion of every principle of toleration and 'civil liberty . ' Can any man state that such time has not now arrived ? Can the power of the Pope be more feeble , or less dangerous ? Can any man state that the civil conduct of the Catholics does not now entitle them to that relief , which the learned judge considers , under such circumstances , to be safe and wise ? —But the code of laws devised for Ireland , in the reigns of Anne and her successor , without the slightest pretext or justification , whilst Ireland was in profound tranquillity , and the Catholics had given unquestionable proofs of their loyalty , were a direct violation of the Articles of Limerick ; which compact was guaranteed by king William the 3d ; and in violation of all good faith , as well as sound policy and humanity . And under that unparalleled code of oppression did Ireland suffer for near a century . But not only were those laws devised in the worst spirit of persecution and tyranny ; but it is notorious that , whether they were , or were not , intended to exterminate , they certainly were not intended