served a long time in the navy , and who certainly was full as competent to fill the situation of auditor as a doctor of divinity.—The house then divided , For the Resolution , 46 ; Against it , 71 . Majority , 25. proposed the usual annual giants . He stated , that he would postpone any of them on reason assigned . hoped he would postpone the whole , as the papers were not yet printed . He objected particularly to the grant of 1,200l . for 250 copies of the statutes for the use of Ireland , on account of the negligent manner in which they were distributed among the magistrates . agreed with the right hon . member as to the irregularity of the distribution , and promised to attend to that subject ; but this was merely for 250 copies for the use of the public offices . He saw no reason for postponing the whole of the propositions.—The grant was then agreed to.—On the proposition for grants to various clerks in public offices , observed , that no statement had been made respecting their necessity . He thought that some explanation ought to have been given as to the insufficiency of the salaries of these officers , before these sums were voted by parliament . said that these grants had been always made ever since he had been in parliament . also stated , that the sums had been always allowed by the Irish parliament , and that the officers looked to them as part of their emoluments . would not oppose them now , though he was not quite satisfied with the answer , and would inquire further into the subject . observed , that the hon . gent , might find in the journals what these officers had done for the grants . said that the question was , whether their regular salaries were not a compensation for their trouble ? If they were not , he thought that an addition to their salaries would be a better mode of rewarding them than these annual votes.— The grants were then agreed to . wished that the grant of 23,103l . to the incorporated society of Dublin for the encouragement of protestant chartered schools , should be postponed . The reason he gave was , that a document which related to this grant had only come into his hands as he was entering the 9 house . This was a catechism which was put into the hands of the children , having a tendency to encourage religious animosities . hoped the hon . gent , did not wish to prevent this charitable institution from receiving the necessary supplies for the present year , because he objected to the principles on which it was founded . These might afterward undergo alterations , but the present grants were absolutely necessary . thought the matter might be compromised by granting a small supply for the present , and afterwards , when a larger supply came to be voted in another committee , the subject might be thoroughly investigated . said , he did not fee ] at all surprised to perceive the hon . gentlemen opposite anxious to oppose the prosperity of the Protestant establishment . This establishment was solely for deserted and helpless children , who were , in consequence of their forlorn condition , received into these schools , and educated in the Protestant religion . During the vice-royalty of the duke of Bedford , these schools had been subjected to the examination of a committee , by no means overstocked with Protestant zeal . Their report was highly favourable to the institution . The grant had been uniformly made , for 50 or 70 years back , without any objection . The catechism in use , he believed , was the usual Protestant catechism , set forth in the Rubric , and was calculated to correct the political errors of the Roman Catholics , which were founded on their monstrous religious tenets . said , the catechism was very different from that in common use . The first question in this catechism ,