was , that the emoluments of some sinecure places ought to be diminished , and that others should be abolished . When he stated this he was convinced that the house would not consider the difference of such importance , nor that much weight was to be attached to the circumstance of the original passage having been in the first instance carried by a majority of one . The house was left in the same situation with respect to the course it might think proper to pursue , by the amendment as by the original passage , be- 1101 cause no definite line was pointed out in either , and it remained for the house eventually to determine for itself . As to the other passage , to which , as having been left out , the hon . gent , had alluded , he rather thought that it was the passage which related to the increase of the influence of the crown . One objection to that passage was , that whilst it enumerated all the circumstances which had increased the influence of the crown , it omitted those by which the influence of the crown had been diminished . It was his opinion , at least , that if that subject were to be introduced at all into the report , all the circumstances on both sides ought to have been noticed . But there was a still stronger objection to the passage . The object of the appointment of the committee was , not to inquire into the increase or diminution of the influence of the crown , but to investigate the circumstances of the public expenditure , and to report how far public money might be saved in that expenditure . He was sorry to take up the time of the house between the merits of the original report and the alterations which had been made in it . But he should be glad if every amendment that had been proposed , and every question that had been discussed in the committee , were before the house , and he was confident that the house would concur in every alteration which had been made . was anxious that this subject should be fully explained to the house . He had risen to support the statement that had been made by the chairman of tile committee , and to prevent any improper impression being made by the statement of the learned gentleman who had just sat down . That learned gentleman seemed to think , that the difference between the passages of the original report and the alterations made in it , was wholly unimportant , whereas , for his own part , he thought it by no means trifling or unimportant . As the report stood a week ago , it expressed a wish to retain those sinecure places which were necessary to the dignity of the crown , and went on to state , that the remainder , with few exceptions , ought to be abolished . In this passage , the committee expressed a decided opinion upon the principle of sinecures . It recognized the principle of the former finance committee in reserving these sinecures , which would be the remuneration of great public services , and for which , if not reserved , a provision should be substi- 1102 tuted out of the public funds of the country , whilst at the same time it asserted a principle against sinecures in general.—The amendment , on the contrary , stated only that some sinecures ought to be retrenched , and others abolished , without containing any opinion against the general principle of sinecure places . As to the other passage which had been alluded to , that was not of so much consequence . The increase of the influence of the crown had only been introduced to meet an argument against retrenchment , that would lessen that influence , by shewing that if it should be diminished by such retrenchment , it had been increased in other respects.—The Report was then ordered to lie on the table . On the motion for its being