by a disclaimer of the testimony of all the witnesses , called and examined by themselves , do not , I think , open their case very auspiciously . But this is not all ; they tell you also , that not only these witnesses were incompetent to speak of the crop , but that no witnesses could be competent to that purpose ; for that Price is the only criterion by which a judgment can be formed of the crop . Why then , I would ask , did they bring these witnesses before the committee r Why those tedious examinations of witnesses thus known to be incompetent , when the question might have been securely answered by calling for the Gazette ? But let this inconsistency , pass . We may safely do it , for we shall presently stop them at another . We will suppose them to have apologized to the committee for the time they wasted , and to have explained to the house how it is that , in the month of May , no person can tell whether the last crop was productive or not , when in the next breath , they tell you that the next crop must be abundant . They shall come back 'recti in curia ' to argue on their new ground . Price is the criterion : —be it so—That Price , taken on a base sufficiently extended , is a safe index of the proportion between the quantity of any article and the demand for it , no person in his senses ever doubted , or ever will . But that Price , taken on a narrow scale cither of time or place , would be a most fallacious criterion , is not less evident : for how often does it happen that the price of any thing shall suddenly rise , or suddenly fall , without any circumstance intervening , which could have materially altered either the stock or the consumption ? A thousand causes affect it , both physical and moral , some belonging to the tiling itself , and some quite independent of it.—But let this go too.—The present price shall be the criterion , taking it from the beginning of this committee to the present time . Has not tin 's price , then , progressively risen from the beginning to the end ? Is it not now at the highest , and at the highest under the existence of a cause which must necessarily depress it ; namely , the expectation of a measure which is to take out of the market a considerable demand ? Notwithstanding this , the price has risen from 39s . to 48s . Four years ago , the legislature determined , that when barley should exceed 33 shillings , the ports should be open to importation ; thereby judging , as between the grower 502 and consumer , that it ought not to exceed that price . Whether this be a proper maximum , I will not enquire ; but I venture to affirm that the present price proves the present supply to be unusually deficient : for , were the present supply equal to the usual supply , the present price would be lower than the usual price , under the circumstance of an unusual diminution of demand being expected.—I know not how to proceed farther in proof ; and I imagine few persons will expect it , or will hesitate to conclude that measures of precaution ought to be adopted for economizing our stock of corn , whether they form their judgment on the obvious fact that our usual sources of supply are stopt ; —on the evidence given relative to late crops of barley , oats , pease , and potatoes , & c. ; —or whether they form it on a consideration of the present price under the peculiar circumstances of the moment.—But it is said , `` why not wait till you find the market practically to fail ? Any man may yet buy what barley he wants . '' Sir , I deny the fact : * but even