made by them into the state of Vaccine Inoculation in the united kingdom , by his majesty 's command , in compliance with an address from this house ; to which Report are annexed Answers to the said Royal College from the King and Queen 's College of Physicians in Ireland , the Royal College of Physicians in Edinburgh/the Royal College of Surgeons in London , the Royal College of Surgeons in Edinburgh , and the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland , on the same subject ; this house is of opinion that great public benefit would be derived from the establishment of a Central Institution in London , for the purpose of rendering Vaccine Inoculation generally beneficial to his majesty 's subjects , to be superintended by a certain number of the Royal College of Physicians , and of the Royal College of Surgeons , and by such persons under their direction as they shall think fit . `` —The right hon . gent , had only to add , that the expence would not be more than from 2500l . to 3000l . per annum . did not mean to oppose the Resolution , though he thought it would have been much more desirable to have left this matter to take its own course . It was a wild and extravagant idea to suppose that the small pox could be exterminated by compulsion , and one that ought not to be entertained by parliament for a moment . The people would , in the course of a few years , under such an impression , neglect the precaution of inoculation for the small pox or vaccination , and then the disease would break out with tenfold severity . said , that at Calcutta the small pox was entirely annihilated by the introduction of vaccination and a proper system of regulation ; and was of opinion , that by proper super intendance the same result might be attained in this country . He thought also that without having recourse to compulsion , the chil- 843 dren in the respective poor-houses ought to be vaccinated , by persons properly qualified . thought it would have been a preferable mode of proceeding to move for a committee to investigate the subject . There were already three Institutions in London for the express purpose of propagating the Cow pox , and in his opinion , the object which the right hon . gent , had in view , was more likely to be obtained by private subscriptions , and by any assistance which government might think proper to grant in aid of such subscription , than by an Institution formed expressly under the auspices of the legislature . contended , that as the evidence was still in some degree incomplete respecting the efficacy of Vaccination as an infallible preventive of the small pox , it was highly proper that the investigation should be persevered in under the eye of the public ; and as this was one object that he conceived the right hon . gent , to have in view in his Institution , he thought this object more likely to be attained by one general institution , than by a number of small institutions , some of which were not perhaps altogether exempt from the imputation of being guided by mercenary motives . reminded the house of the different complexion which the discovery had now assumed from that under which it was first introduced to the public . It was at first said to be a thing so simple in itself , that any old woman might perform the operation , whereas it was now described as one so extremely difficult , that it ought only to be entrusted to men of great professional skill and experience . There was some danger , therefore , that we might be fostering a very fatal mistake . With this impression , he confessed , that in the present circumstances , he felt considerable difficulty in voting for any measure , the object of which was to disseminate it . He thought , at all events , that before tying the house