member who has just sat down , from the hon . baronet who opened the debate on a former night , and from the hon . member ( Mr. G. Johnstone ) who spoke from the floor , I shall state the reasons for that difference , for the consideration of the house . Without following each of those , hon . members through the lengthened detail of their speeches , I shall endeavour to reply to the propositions they have laboured to establish , and which were , I believe , in abstract these : that in the beginning of the connexion between the East India Company and the family of Mahomed Ally , the Company were indebted to them for their preservation and protection in the Carnatic ; that in the progress of that connexion , the Company received from Mahomed Ally repeated proofs of kindness and generosity ; but that his government and that of his son and successor , Omdut ul Omrah , was distracted by the 775 interference of the Company , and that war and misery resulted to the people from the ambition and usurpation of their governments : that after a long course of faithful and honourable alliance on the part of those nabobs , their posterity have been degraded without cause or justice : that this act of violence has carried its own punishment , for that we receive fewer resources by our possession of the Carnatic than we formerly derived from the willing hands of the nabob . Sir , believing , as I conscientiously do , that the exact reverse of these propositions is the truth ; that the Company owe nothing to the father of Mahomed Ally ; that to himself they were uniformly benefactors and protectors ; that all the faith in the alliance with him was on their part , and all the treachery on his ; and that after a long course of suffering and distress from his evil counsels , they have done what true policy , a just construction of the law of nations , and humanity to the people of the Carnatic , fully support ; I shall explain to the house the grounds of this opinion . The misrepresentation which has been made of our situation on the coast of Coromandel during the administration of Anwar ud deen Cawn , renders it necessary for me to trouble the house with a short reference to our condition at that early period . Whoever has any knowledge of the records of the East India Company , or of our genera ! history in India , must know , that for more than a century before the arrival of Anwar ud deen Cawn in the Carnatic , the Company had carried on a lucrative commerce on the coast of Coromandel . The emperor had granted to them a few villages in the vicinity of Madras and fort St. David ; and his local officer , the nabob of Arcot , was bound by the emperor 's sunnuds to protect , and did actually protect them , in their peaceful occupations . The integrity of their dealings excited the confidence of the natives , and the security enjoyed in their possessions soon attracted a numerous population ; occupied in this tranquil manner , the Company coveted no other possessions ; trade was the sole object of their institution , and their endeavours were confined to its advancement . But when Anwar ud deen Cawn arrived in the province , the Company were drawn from these peaceful pursuits , and compelled to engage in the turbulent scenes of war . Anwar ud deen Cawn , the father of Mahomed Ally , was charged by the nikarh with the guardianship of the minor 776 nabob of Arcot , Seed Mahomed Cawn . This youth was basely murdered in his palace , in mid-day , in a very few months after he was confided to the protection of Anwar ud deen Cawn ; and this atrocious act of violence so soon succeeding the murder of Abdalla , cast a yet deeper stain upon the character of Anwar ud deen