one of its regular channels , merely for the benefit of the West India colonies ; and in the second place , if there were any ground for such a prohibition , it ought to be shewn , that the necessity of adopting such a measure arose from the dearth or scarcity , of grain , or some just cause for the apprehension that such a case was likely to happen . The corn of the country was , by the wisest and most experienced politicians , left in general to find its own level in the market , by the usual means of competition among the dealers . When there was a bad harvest , the price of grain advanced much higher than usual ; there were always persons ready to import from foreign markets , and thus keep down the price whilst they promoted their own interests . But it never could be the interests of any state to be regardless of the interests of the farmer , 446 and not to leave him some , opening to dispose of the surplus of his crop . These opportunities were , first , in the sale to the breweries and distilleries ; and secondly , by exportation . He believed that this was the first time in the English history , except in a time , of scarcity , or the apprehension of such an event , that ever the legislature attempted thus to tamper with the agricultural interests of the nation . Besides that , he could not believe that it was capable of affording any substantial relief to the West India merchants or planters ; and if the house once adopted such a measure , and left such a precedent on their journals , it was impossible to say to what extend the mischief might be carried hereafter . Gentlemen might say what they pleased in that house upon the subject , but their words would have no effect upon the country at large ; and the precedent would appear upon their journals without their arguments in support of the measure , so that hereafter it might be made use of , on lighter grounds even than those on which the present proposition stood . Agriculture was a business that required most extraordinary steadiness , more than almost any other pursuit that mankind were engaged in ; and if the farmers were left without four years steadiness in the law that was to govern them , there would be no market , comparatively speaking , for a redundant crop , and no resource in time of scarcity . In Ireland there was no steadiness in the law upon this head until the year 1784 . The law was at that time fixed ; and almost ever since they have been able to send considerable supplies of grain annually to England . In every point of view that he could look upon the present subject , it left so strong an impression of its impolicy on his mind , that he felt himself bound to vote against the Speaker 's leaving the chair . declared that the principles laid down by the right hon . gent , who had just sat down , and by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Ponsonby ) , need only be heard , to carry conviction to the mind of any dispassionate man . The committee , however , had been instructed to consider of the best means of affording relief to the West India planters , and to consider of that only , as it was imagined at least ; but all on a sudden , and most conveniently for the wishes of the gentlemen on the other side ( all but the chancellor of the exchequer for Ireland ) , the idea of a scarcity in the country darted upon their mind , some- 447 thing like Bayes 's army in disguise , and gave a new turn to their proceedings . Really whilst there was such vacillation of opinion , such unsteadiness among their councils , there was little or no hope left for confidence in future .