baronet 's ( sir John Sinclair ) arguments , though they might apply very much to former times , did not at all apply to our present situation . We had been an exporting , we were now an importing , nation.—The right hon . gent , then adverted to the evidence of Mr. Arthur Young and others , and contended , that the matter was clearly made out , that the crop was deficient , and that it was expedient to adopt some such measure as the present . He denied that the high price could possibly result from the agitation of this question . The effect of that must have been quite of a contrary description . The cause was , the scarcity in Scotland , and the indifferent crops in other places . It would be improper to bring the measure into operation sooner than the 1st of July , as the distillers should have time to dispose of that grain which they had in such a state that it could be applied to no other purpose . He stated , that the crop of potatoes had failed in Ire- 443 land , and that by the effect of this proposition , the people there would have other food cheaper . The measure ought always to be considered as a temporary one . He admitted that it was his duty to take care of the revenue , and that this was an important consideration . But he believed that the revenue would not suffer materially , and that the difficulty of the collection in Ireland might be got over . He hoped , upon the whole , that those gentlemen who objected to the quarter from which the proposition came would dismiss from their minds , in considering the subject , every thing except its real merits . This was the proper view of it , and he hoped that no strenuous opposition would be persisted in . declared , that if he had not read the Resolutions proposed by the noble lord , he should have voted for the motion of going into the committee ; but the reading of these Resolutions was sufficient to satisfy his mind as to the propriety of an opposite course . The gentlemen on the other side , had taken quite different routes to recommend the measure of the noble lord . One had pleaded for it as necessary to relieve the West India merchants , while another contended that it was called for in order to guard against scarcity . To show that the latter ground was erroneous , the right hon . gent . entered into a comparative statement of the prices of corn , at various periods , particularly in Ireland ; and quoted several passages from the evidence taken before the committee , to prove that this ground was quite untenable . As to the relief of the West India merchants , he was as anxious for it as any man , but to the mode now proposed he strongly objected , and , in particular , because he did not think this mode could be effective . He would rather recommend some permanent relief for this deserving class of men , by reducing , for instance , the revenue to which they were subject . The West India merchants he thought peculiarly entitled to consideration ; because , while they were subject to all the additional contributions consequent upon the war , they were not liable to profit by its results . For if , through our success , any colonies should be captured , the West India merchants were likely to suffer by the competition which they must experience from the produce of such colonies ; and if defeated , those merchants would , in consequence , be excluded from an additional market . Thus , in the event 444 of our success or defeat , the West India merchants were almost equally liable to suffer . Of course , they had strong claims upon the country . But the present was not the mode of relieving that class of men . In fact