barons of the exchequer were not only very easy , and such as almost any man might perform , but also very light . He could not , under such circumstances , consent to any addition to the burthens of the people , so much burdened already , by compensation so unmerited and uncalled for . of Scotland , though be admitted that the duties of the exchequer barons was not heavy , still thought that Scotland had a right to expect that the liberality of this country would not deny to a supreme court of judicature in Scotland what they had already given to their own . He thought too , that the less the barons had to do , the less temptation they would have to retire from such light duty , and that consequently the public money would be the less encroached upon . was anxious , that those who should have properly executed the laborious and important duty of administering justice should be liberally rewarded ; and if the like laborious duties attached to the barons of the exchequer in Scotland as to those of England , there could be no reason why they should not have the same advantages of retirement . But the point was , that the judicial duties of the barons of the exchequer in Scotland were nothing ; and their ministerial duties 118 consisted merely in signing their names to the warrants sent from this country . of Scotland supported the proposed provision generally . The paucity of the causes that were tried by the barons of the exchequer , was a proof of their beneficial arrangements in the collection of the revenue . The act of union , and subsequent acts , guaranteed and sanctioned that court ; why , then , should it be excluded from the benefit of the general arrangement , the principle of which was universally approved of . Why should this exclusion be made at a time when , from the increase of the revenue , the business of the court of exchequer was every day extending , and when the court of exchequer passed all the public accounts of Scotland , even to those of the militia ? allowed there was no principle better than that of rewarding meritorious public servants , and particularly those concerned in the administration of justice . But a balance should always be held , in order that the public should pay neither too much nor too little . He thought it would be best in this case to await the returns , which by shewing the service done by the court of Exchequer in Scotland , would best direct the house , as to the proper extent of recompense . If this should not be done , he must oppose the provision , so far as regarded the barons of the Scotch Exchequer . thought it would have an injurious effect on the characters of the present barons of the Exchequer of Scotland , and that it would prevent persons of respectable professional character from coming into that court in future , if an invidious exclusion should be made in the arrangement of the general provision . The extensive nature of their general functions , and their able external administration of the revenue , compensated for the paucity of the causes tried by them , of which paucity , the ability of their external administration of the revenue was , in fact , the cause . contended , that it was not unfair to apportion public remuneration to the amount of public service , and for that purpose , to examine the particular nature and extent of the service was not invidious . It was proper to pause and inquire , before those who did much service and those who did little , were lumped in one general provision . enlarged on the extensive duties performed by the Barons of the 119 Exchequer , and the injustice , impolicy , and impropriety , of singling them out for exclusion from a general provision . thought it impossible for the house , after what had passed , not to