, any insinuation , that the support given to the petition by his friends or by himself , resulled from any thing in the likeness of party spirit . He protested , individually , that he had not conversed upon this case with any of the gentlemen who usually did him the honour to concur in sentiment with him , and that even Major Palmer himself must have been ignorant till that moment of the nature of the vote which he now certainly should give . —Sir having myself formed one of the Committee appointed by the house to examine into the merits of Mr. Palmer 's Agreement with government , I feel it a peculiar duty to otter my sentiments upon the present consideration of the Report.—Sir ; I could wish the house to recollect , that the manner in which this Committee was selected , was agreed to by every one interested for or against the present question , as the fairest and most impartial mode that could be adopted . It was comprised , in the first place , of all the county members , of all the representatives of the great mercantile cities , of gentlemen of the long robe , and of merchants , and I challenge any gentleman in this house to produce from the earliest records of parliament , a committee more qualified to ascertain the merits of the case at issue , or more likely to administer equal justice to the public and to the individual.—Sir ; I can boldly aver , that there never was a body of gentlemen who paid a more strict and constant attention to the subject before them , or who went more fully and essentially into the whole of the Evidence during a long and laborious investigation . The result of that investigation is now before you , and they there declare themselves of opinion , `` That Mr. Palmer has fully proved his Agreement , and is justly entitled to the sum he claims . `` —Now , sir , I am far from asserting , that this house is 245 bound implicitly to abide by the decision of its own Committee , because all those who have bestowed as much of their time and attention to this case as the members of that Committee , are certainly as well qualified to judge of its merits ; but , sir , as there are , undoubtedly , many honourable gentlemen present , who from the pressure of other business , have found it impossible to go through the printed Evidence before them , I do say , sir , that as many gentlemen as are in their own minds conscious of their want of information on the subject , are bound in honor , either to agree with the Committee which they themselves have delegated , or to give no vote whatever upon the subject—one of these two things I think we have a right to ask of them.—Sir ; it appears to me , the whole argument on this subject resolves itself into one plain question ; Was there an Agreement , or was there not ? —Sir ; Mr. Pitt himself acknowledges the Agreement ; and I believe no one in this house will question either its fairness or moderation . Mr. Palmer , it appears , was to increase the public revenue by means of a reform and improvement he undertook in the Post Office department . He was to embark his time , his fortune , and his fame in this experiment . If his exertions succeeded , he was to receive a fortieth part only of the emoluments which would in consequence accrue to the country ; but , if he failed , ( no matter from what cause ) government were bound to make him no compensation whatever , either for his time , trouble , anxiety , loss , and the total neglect of all his other concerns in life : even the goodness and the purity of his intentions were not to be taken into consideration ; but he was to be left liable to encounter ruin