were conveyed to Tippoo , congratulating him on the event . From that moment , then , all idea of alliance by marriage between the families must have vanished , but it appears from the letter of Khader Newaz Khan , the confidential minister of the nabob , that the other connection which had been established was still carried on , and possessed , as late as the year 1797 , what he called the requisite stability . I need not say more to make it evident , than that neither the marriage on one hand , or simple friendship on the other , is sufficient to explain the species of connection thus established , to reconcile the difficulties , or to dissipate the suspicion , and the obscurity , in which it is involved.—It is affirmed by the khans , and also in Ally Hussein 's letter to his agents , that no correspondence was carried on by the nabobs , contrary to their engagements : if a direct correspondence with Tippoo is meant , it may be literally true , and consistent with these papers , for they may be considered as an indirect , and not a direct correspondence . But so despicable a subterfuge is not worth dwelling upon or exposing . It is said too , that all that was done was done in conformity with the wishes of lord Cornwallis , who was desirous of preserving peace , and conciliating , if possible , the irritated and vindictive feelings of the sultaun . That this correspondence should have been carried on , with any knowledge or approbation of the governor-general , I venture to pronounce absolutely impossible . Whatever the policy and wishes of lord Cornwallis might be , with respect to Tippoo Sultaun , that he should encourage a separate correspondence between this prince and the nabob , at the very time he was changing the expressions of the former treaty of 1787 , for the very purpose of more completely and effectually precluding any such intercourse , is , I say , absolutely impossible in itself , as it is inconsistent with the counsel conveyed to the sultaun , in one of the letters above referred to , to pause in the prosecution of his hostile * Appointed by Omdut ul Omrah ministers to Ally Hussein . 349 measures , till the departure of lord Cornwallis to Europe . But , sir , had the nabob felt this to be the case , had he felt that he was acting in support of British views , in alliance with British interests , why all this mystery ? Why all these multiplied precautions to avoid detection r Why the cypher ? Why the meetings under fictitious pretences ? Why the hazards incident to all these proceedings ? Why disguise that which , if known , would have been praiseworthy—which breathed nothing but firm attachment , loyalty , and affection to the British power , and zeal for its service , under the mask of deceit , perfidy , and breach of faith ? Is it , then , too much to assume that this could not be ; that instead of holding a conduct so repugnant to common sense , and disgraceful to a rational being , the nabob did feel that his objects were of a nature to require concealment ; that , if detected , they would have excited the utmost jealousy and indignation of the British government ; that they would have brought his state and situation into jeopardy ; and that they were , therefore , of a nature subversive of his alliance , and in violation of every obligation towards that power which had raised , supported , and protected him . Admit this supposition , and every difficulty disappears , every contradiction vanishes , all is plain , simple , rational , and consistent . With this is consistent the anxiety with which a connection with the sultaun was desired and solicited : With this all the ardent professions of zeal for the support of the faith : with this , the undisguised reprobation of the war