bulk of the petition , it appeared that there was a great mass of names annexed to it , and amongst the number , there must be many who had actually signed it , and whose names might be retained . But , if the signatures which had not really been written by the parties could not be detached , he should be rather inclined to receive the Petition even as it was . If any doubt existed as to the practice of the house , he should certainly prefer receiving the Petition , at the same time protesting against this case being drawn into 34 a precedent , rather than send the Petition back to Ireland for signatures . But , if it should appear to be clearly contrary to the practice of parliament , to receive a petition under such circumstances , he did not think that the house should depart from its regular practice . Upon this point he appealed to the Chair , at the same time expressing a wish , that some mode might be devised of separating the actual from the virtual signatures , in order that the petition might be received consistently with the forms of the house . having been appealed to , stated , that it was quite clear , that if a petition was offered to that house with signatures , avowed Hot to be in the handwriting of the parties whose names they purported to be , it was not receivable . The simple remedy for this was , if these signatures could be detached from the petition , to present it with such only as had been actually subscribed by the parties , in which case the Petition would be received . That house knew of no petitioners ; it considered only the matters substantially contained in the petition . There were two ways , by either of which the present difficulty might be got over . The signatures which were not real might be erased , and the petition presented with the original signatures ; but that was hazardous both to the parties and the hon . member who should undertake to cancel any names appearing to the petition . The other course was , to detach the signatures that were not original from the petition , and as far as that could be done , to present it with such of the original signatures as were annexed to the petition . acquiesced in the rule laid down by the Chair in ail ordinary cases , but asserted that the peculiar circumstances of the present case were such as to except it from the application of the ordinary rule . There was no man from Ireland who did not know that two or three millions of signatures could be obtained for the petition . The petition might be received as the petition of those only who had actually subscribed it . If the petition had come from persons partially interested , there might be some reason for inquiring into the signatures , but as this petition expressed the sentiments of so large a portion of the people of Ireland , no form ought to be allowed to keep it out of that house . He thought , therefore , that it ought to be received upon the assurance of his right hon . friend , that he 35 believed the signatures to be those of the parties , or annexed by the authority of the parties . ( knight of Kerry ) felt much difficulty upon the present occasion , bowing , as he did , to the authority of the Chair . He was convinced that more inconvenience would result from sending the petition back to be regularly signed , than from receiving the petition in its present form . Having taken some pains to ascertain the real state of the case respecting the signatures to this petition , he could assure the house that they were 17,000 in number , and that several thousands of these were original signatures . Many of the other signatures had been added on the authority of petitions upon the