, but had adopted other professions . He likewise objected generally to the principles of the Maynooth Institution , because , from the circumstance of the education being entirely gratuitous , the students were persons from the lowest ranks of life ; and if this were not the case , the higher classes of those who belonged to the Roman Catholic persuasion would bring up their sons as clergymen ; of which , at present , there were few or no instances . thought it extremely impolitic to hazard the irritation of the Catholics of Ireland for the sake of the paltry sum of 3,750l . He lamented the ignorance which the chancellor of the exchequer betrayed of the character of the Irish people , of the actual situation of that country , and of the nature of the establishment to which the question now before the committee referred . The establishment had originated in the liberal and enlightened views of Mr. Burke , and had been dictated less by generosity than sound policy , because it might be considered as some remuneration for the illiberality which had marked the conduct of the British government towards the people of Ireland , for so long a period , during which they had been kept in a state of ignorance and barbarism . He reminded the right hon . gent . that the religion of Ireland once was the Roman Catholic religion , that it was by the confiscation of the property of the Catholics that those who now supported the right hon . gent . were enriched , 98 and that it was from the same source that the University of Dublin , and the other Protestant seminaries , had been endowed . The system of the right hon . gent . had been tried and acted upon without success for a century ; but , instead of its having obtained converts to the Protestant faith , it had only served to render the Catholics more firm and bigoted in their persuasion . If the Union had not taken place , he contended , that the establishment at Maynooth would have been enlarged by the Irish legislature , not only because the population of the country was increasing every year , but because the duties of a Roman Catholic priest were so laborious in their nature , that the number now employed were by no means adequate to a faithful discharge of the functions of the office . Mr. Fitzgerald considered it very unaccountable , that this should be the only grant to which a principle of economy was to be applied , when it was recollected the abundant liberality with which large sums had been granted in the course of this session for objects of far inferior importance . He alluded to two instances of such liberality in support of this allegation : 21,000l . had been granted in the course of the last five years , for compleating the buildings of the House of Industry , which had been nominally compleated before the Union ; and 18,000l . had been voted to the Dublin Society , for encouraging agricultural improvement ; an object which he allowed to be important , but which certainly was not so important as cultivating the public mind . The establishment of Maynooth , he contended , was conducted with the most rigid economy , and the only effect of the paltry saving that ministers now had in view , would be , to prolong the reign of ignorance , and to render the Irish priests the instruments of the peoples ' fanaticism . vindicated the Roman Catholic clergy , and read extracts from documents in the year 1793 , when Defenderism broke out in Ireland , and in 1798 , the period of the late Rebellion , to prove their loyalty and peaceful demeanour.—The question being now loudly called for , the committee divided , presented a bill , the object of which he stated to be the relief of persons imprisoned for small debts in certain cases , namely , where the party had been imprisoned in execution for twelve calendar months ,