. It could scarcely be the right hon . gent . 's opinion , that no 1105 improvement was to be made , or lodge built in the royal domains , till reported upon by a special committee of that house . Some buildings had during the present administration been erected in a corner of the park , not much used for the recreation of the public , which had led to others . But be could assure that right hon . gent. , that he knew of no design to extend the buildings so as to contract the park . did not impute blame to any set of men , but still contended , that this was an interesting subject , and deserving the attention of the house . corroborated what had fallen from his right hon . friend , and asserted that a correspondence had taken place between several of the nobility and Mr. Fordyce , on the subject of these buildings , and that Mr. Fordyce had been so accommodating , as to recommend to the crown , that they should be allowed to build the houses they proposed . If the precedent of the encroachment were once established , the public would , in the end , be excluded from the park . This was a fit object of the attention of that house . Besides , the recommendation might be a matter of favouritism , of which that house should be jealous . He therefore gave notice , that he should move for copies of the correspondence he had alluded to . had stated only , that he knew of no plan for extending buildings so as to contract the park . Application , however , had been made to the treasury to have superior buildings , in the place of very inferior ones now existing . observed , that if the plan were to stop there it might not be so objectionable . But he assured the house he had heard , in a casual conversation concerning improvement , of a plan for surrounding the parks with a belt of houses , the profits of which would defray the expence of building such a palace as would be suitable for a king of this country to reside in . had not heard of any of the plans alluded to by the hon . gent , who had just sat down , and confident he was , that they would not be countenanced in any quarter . The access to the parks was so essential to the health and recreation of the people of this great metropolis , that any beginning of encroachment ought to be resisted . If it was intended only to erect buildings on the site of the riding house , he should say that the riding house 1106 took up but a small space , whereas the mansion and offices of a nobleman would extend over a considerable space . observed , that there could not be any danger of favouritism , or of a beneficial grant to the individual now , in any case of a demise from the crown . The surveyor general of crown lands , was by law obliged to report the value of the land to be demised , estimated by professional surveyors , upon oath , to the treasury . As to the reports which had gone abroad , they were idle rumours , for which there was no foundation . He certainly had heard some which had not even the colour of probability , such as that lord Ponsonby and other noble lords were amongst the individuals who were to have the privilege of erecting these buildings . rose to express his disapprobation of the principle of the bill , and of the hardships to which it would expose persons already labouring under a multiplicity of distresses . The noble earl instanced the case of some tenants of his own , upon whom he knew it would press with peculiar severity . would not detain their lordships with a repetition of the objections to the principle of the bill , which he continued to