in supplying so comparatively small a number , how did the noble lord suppose so large a number could be officered under the same disadvantages ? He deprecated severely the prohibition of substitutes . It was foolish to make people serve who were unwilling , when they could find men to serve voluntarily ; and it was cruel to compel those to act with whose interests it might effectually interfere . Compulsion , however , was the principle of the bill , and compulsion was also the principle of ministers ; violence was their prime and actuating principle ; they supported commerce by throwing every impediment in its way ; they exalted the army by conscription and by infamy ; they raised England by depressing the spirit of her people ; and conciliated Ireland by putting bigotry in office , and decking out intolerance in laurels ! He was aware of the disadvantage under which any minister would labour now who presented a new military plan , and he certainly would not rise to throw any impediment in his way , if he thought it was about to originate any one advantage to the country . Whoever took a review of the two last years progress , would be amazed that two administrations so different , could govern the same nation ; one administration endeavouring to conciliate , the other to coerce the country ; one rising on the good wishes and approbation of the people , the other affecting to despise them . He said if he saw any one advantage likely to result to the nation from this bill , it should have met his support ; but seeing the very opposite effect , he deprecated and condemned it . was happy to find that the only substantial objection that could be urged against the bill was removed by the amendments proposed by the noble lord this night . He had been always a decided friend to the volunteer system . He was sorry the volunteers were not engaged for the war , as they might have been at its commencement . It remained now to apply the best remedy to the error then committed ; and this measure was the remedy most efficacious , as it would go directly to make up for the falling off that must take place in a pure volunteer force after the urgency of the immediate call for their service should have ceased to operate with 105 its original influence . He denied that the bill could with propriety be called a conscription , or that there was any thing oppressive in the nature of the service required . ( of Kerry ) saw nothing exceptionable in the bill , which he had read over with attention . The magnitude of the dangers with which the country was threatened required the exertion of all the powers of the empire for our defence ; and this measure contained no more severity than the time required . The noble lord had made one material omission , which , however , might yet be remedied . The empire was indebted to the noble lord for the great measure of the Union ; but that great measure was still imperfect , while there was not an unity of defensive force between the united kingdoms . It would be a measure worthy of the noble lord who had combated in the foremost ranks to effect the Union , to remedy that imperfection , and to render the great work complete . The hardship of the more distant removal from home would be reconciled by the urgency of the case , and would be but an addition to the alterations and improvements that had already been made on the original constitution of the militia . He was anxious that the bill should go to a committee , and hoped that the amendment he suggested would be made in that stage . agreed that the noble lord was the fittest person to originate such a measure as that now before the house . But the hon . gent , who spoke last , did not seem aware of what