recommend , according to his own system , that instead of ballot , an enrolment of all the young men of the country , from the age of 18 to 25 , should take place ; that there should neither be substitution nor purchase , but that it should equally affect every class of his majesty 's subjects . He concluded with declaring his intention to move some amendments in the committee . approved most cordially of the measure as grafted 916 on the volunteers , which measure was well suited , in his opinion , to the defence of the country . His lordship then said , that he did not wish to use hard words towards any foreign power , but he could not help remarking , that the atrocities of Buonaparte were great , and that he was sedulously to be watched . For although his armies might be driven out of Spain by the energy of the Spaniards , and by their enthusiasm in defence of their liberties , yet it was not necessarily to follow , that France would cease to be dangerous to this country . But if he was successful in crushing the present ebullitions of the Spaniards , and obtained possession of both Spain and Portugal , he would be truly dangerous to this country ; as he could with more facility from those countries attack us on the side of Ireland . He hoped , therefore , that ministers would seriously weigh these circumstances , and be prepared for the event , and could not refrain from expressing his anxious wish that something should be done , by which they could obtain the militia of Ireland for the defence of this part of the united kingdom , by giving Ireland an equivalent defence in return . had observed with regret , that the volunteers had been undervalued , and that they were said to be badly disciplined ; but in that part of the island where he had particular opportunities of knowing what the volunteers were , he was so convinced of their efficiency , that he would cheerfully head them against any force that could be opposed to them by invasion . It was true that they could not be expected to be so well disciplined , or so good , as veteran troops that had been frequently in the field , but there was no comparison to be made between them , and those intended to be raised by the present bill , as he considered the former infinitely superior in every respect . A rumour had prevailed that although the volunteers in Scotland might be good , yet those in the southern part of the island were not so well disciplined ; but suppose , for the sake of argument , that it was so , although he did not know it to be true , did it follow that they could not be rendered as efficient if proper measures were to be pursued ? He had no doubt that it would be so , but unfortunately no steps were taken to keep up the patriotic spirit among the volunteers ; on the contrary , they had been , for some reason or other , cried down . explained , that he did 917 not mean to cast the least reflection upon the volunteers . was not averse to the principle of the bill , as far as it proposed a substitution for the volunteers , which he did not approve of as a means of defence ; and although the noble secretary of state would not allow that he meant it as a substitution for the volunteers , yet the plan as he stated it , as well as the nature of the bill , went to produce that effect . But although he approved of the principle , yet the manner of carrying it on did not meet his approbation ; for he could have wished it had been assimilated more nearly to the ancient militia , or that his right hon . friend 's Training act had been carried forward , which , although liable