extent of inflicting capital punishment where it was severe beyond all proportion to the crime . This frequent impunity encouraged offenders to repeat their crimes , and if , after a multitude of escapes , they at length suffered , they attributed the misfortune to accident or want of dexterity , rather than to justice and the vigour and vigilance of the law . He cited Mr. Justice Blackstone to prove , that this lenity of judges and juries , from the necessity of doing something to counteract the extreme rigour of the law , encouraged offenders to go on . The legislature , in suffering the excessive penalties that required this evasion to remain , was an accomplice in the encouragement given to criminality . It was lamentable that when any person proposed to render the law more mild , the jealousy of so many persons was excited ; and that , when it was proposed to add to its severity , no complaint was made . A bill had recently passed adding nine new capital felonies to the former catalogue . To this bill nobody objected , though , he would maintain , that an increase of severity was as great an innovation as a repeal of severity to the same extent . He also adverted to the Indictment Bill lately passed , as an innovation of much greater magnitude than the present bill . He adverted to the committee appointed twenty years ago , of which Mr. Fox was a member , to inquire what criminal punishments ought to be repealed . They reported six statutes . The bill of repeal passed this house , but was lost in the lords by the prorogation of parliament , though the first authorities in that house agreed to repeal five of the six acts reported . He allowed that a remedy was found in explaining the value of money under the statute of Elizabeth , according to the relative value of goods at that time and at present . But this remedy was not of a satisfactory kind . It was merely discretionary , and the exercise of that discretion was not always regulated by the best reasons . He knew a case , and it was well known , in which a judge of very respectable character directed the jury to find a stolen key of the full capital value , because it appeared to be stolen with a view to commit a theft . From all these reasons , he hoped the house 883 would not only go into the committee , but ultimately pass the bill.—The house then went into the committee . stated his reasons for proposing certain new clauses . He should suggest certain alterations , both in the description of the offence , and in the punishment to be inflicted . It was a crame of considerable magnitude , and was , no doubt , daily increasing . He could state , however , what appeared to him to be one real cause of criminals having been so often acquitted of the charge of privately stealing . If , upon a trial , it turned out that an individual lost his purse or watch , and had , in the moment , perceived the act committed , that circumstance freed the criminal from the capital part of the punishment . If , on the contrary , the individual robbed perceived the commission of the fact , it being generally committed by gangs of persons , who transferred the property from one to another , still that individual could not fix upon the very person whose hand took the property , and consequently the whole of the criminals were acquitted of the capital part of the charge . This , he thought , accounted much more naturally for the frequent instances of impunity which had occurred . The offence was that of feloniously taking property from the person of another . Grand larceny occurred where property was either taken from the person , or feloniously from a house , and it would therefore be aggravating the offence . He should propose to omit ,