that the Resolution which he should propose , would meet with some consideration ; for in doing this they were saving 5 the public money , and adding to the comforts of those really entitled to relief , and who would ever be grateful for the favour bestowed . It was with that view that he should propose this Resolution , `` That it appears to this house , that the appointment or competent and qualified persons from the naval and marine service to hold offices and employments in the several departments or the Royal Naval Asylum will be productive of much advantage to the empire , by materially encouraging the naval service , and diminishing the public expenditure . `` —This Resolution the hon . baronet said , if acceded to , he should follow up with another , for an Address to his majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to take the most summary means of carrying that object into effect . said , he was happy to concur with any motion that was made for the benefit of those who served in the navy , or the near relations of those who fell in battle ; but he must inform the house , that the present motion was unnecessary ; as the commissioners were framing regulations for the conduct of the Naval Asylum . Two years ago an account of the state of the Naval Asylum was laid before the house , and the hon . admiral now only came forward with a pompous parade of his complaints , though he never said any thing on the subject while he was himself one of the lords of the admiralty . The institution was established originally by voluntary subscription ; and when it was taken under the protection of his majesty , and the duke of Cumberland was appointed president , it was then agreed to retain Dr. Clarke , who first suggested the idea of the institution , and two commissioners , at the request of the original subscribers . He declared that he was not personally acquainted with any of the parties , nor did he recommend a single person to any office , and for these reasons he moved the previous question . said , if the right hon . gent , had imputed to his hon . friend the charge of having brought forward the present motion with that simplicity , manliness , and good sense which distinguished all his efforts in that house , it would have been a charge more likely to be credited than that of parade and ostentation . As to the motion itself , he could see no one ground for rejecting it . He thought it very strange , that a person who had been so active in informing against non-residents , should himself have been all the 6 time a stranger in Ireland , though possesing two such lucrative livings there . He thought it upon the whole so gross a job , that he did think the house was bound , not merely to agree to the motions of his hon . friend , but to follow them up with an address to his majesty , for the immediate dismissal of that gentleman from a situation he must be in every respect so incompetent to fill . said , that he had never heard of a transaction , that could with greater justice be termed a job , than the appointment of Dr. Clarke ; but could not agree with his hon . friend on the floor in his expression of surprize , that the reverend doctor should himself prove to be one of the non-residents he had been so active in detecting ; as it appeared to him to be nothing more than an illustration of the truth of the homely proverb , `` set a thief to catch a thief . '' entered into a vindication of the character and conduct , and appointment of Dr. Clarke , who , he said , was a gentleman of high respectability and accomplished manners ; and such a man only was fit for