, following the principle of the act of George 2. and to give compensation to persons acquitted only in the same cases where it was already by law given to the prosecutor . He moved , in the first place , for leave to bring in a bill to repeal so much of an act made in the 8th year of queen Elizabeth , as takes away the benefit of clergy from persons convicted of stealing privily from the person of another . said , he was one of those who approved of the laws , and he thought that very good grounds ought to be laid down before any innovation was made upon them . He disapproved , in particular , of the proposal for making compensation to persons who had been tried and acquitted . He suspected that , in Ireland , many indolent persons would reckon it no hardship to be confined in a comfortable prison . differed so completely from the hon . gent . who had just sat down , that he declared he had experienced the most unmixed satisfaction at what had fallen from the hon . and learned baronet . He well remembered that a great and la- 401 merited public character ( Mr. Pitt ) , at an earl period of his life , had intended to have a digest made of the whole of our criminal code , with a view of lessening , in a great degree , the number of capital punishments which it contained , and the objections to which it was impossible to confute . He congratulated the house and the country that an individual so well qualified for the task by his ability and experience as the hon . and learned bart . had turned his attention to this most important subject . said , he could not help expressing surprise at what an hon . gent . ( Mr. Herbert ) had stated as to Ireland . He was at a loss to know in what part of Ireland the prisons were so comfortable , as to prove an inducement , to indolent persons wishing a confinement . He believed the gaols were so far from being commodious , that they rather excited horror and detestation , and many instances had occurred where men 's toes were eaten by rats : was this the accommodation the hon . gent , thought so agreeable as to be prized by the Irish people ? , in explanation , said , he still believed there were many persons who led a life of idleness , who would think themselves well accommodated in the gaols of Ireland . contended , that in Ireland , and particularly in the province of Ulster , there was as much humanity on these subjects as in England . , professing , as he felt , the most unfeigned respect for the ability and zeal of his hon . and learned friend , who brought forward the present motion , was by no means satisfied that it would produce the benefit expected from it . He was not , indeed , prepared to say whether the good or evil it might produce was likely to preponderate . In this situation he should only lay in his claim to approve or disapprove of the measure , as , on more mature reflection , he , should be of opinion it merited . Whether the attempt to grant compensation to persons acquitted of offences imputed to them , might not be productive of greater evil than good , was not now the question . He was certainly inclined to think , that however plausible the theory , the practice would be very injurious . felt himself bound to pay the tribute of his testimony and approbation to the ability and motives of the hon . and learned baronet , by whom this 402 motion had been made . Part of it , however , appeared to him to be so contrary to what he had always understood to be the constitutional principles of this country , that he could not sit still in the house ,