the opinions of the lord chief justice of the Common Pleas , the attorney general , and other learned persons of great weight in this country , with more virulence and asperity than even he himself had ever done when he was accused of libelling the Judges , and charged with calling one a great blockhead . He was , however , as happy in being forced to defend the Judges as he should be in defending the Bishops on some future occasion . His decided wish was to submit a question or two to the Judges for their opinion , before the matter should be finally decided . Without , therefore , giving any opinion of his own at present upon this case , he could not see how justice could be done to the individual on the one hand , or to the public on the other , without first having the Opinion of the Judges upon the subject ; for these reasons he supported the motion of adjournment . observed , that as the merits of Mr. Palmer 's plan had been so clearly pointed out by noble lords who spoke early in the debate , he would not detain the house by insisting further upon that which appeared to be universally admitted . With respect to the bill under discussion , he had to observe , that the sum claimed by Mr. Palmer did not amount to a fortieth part of those emoluments which had accrued to the country confessedly through the medium of his genius and ability : and , really , in the face of a fact like this , he could not comprehend how the Claim of Mr. Palmer could be resisted upon the ground of his unworthiness . Much had been said respecting the misconduct of Mr. Palmer , but he would ask , to what did it amount ? Did it in the smallest degree throw any impeachment upon his honesty ? So far from it , that the noble lords who suspended him , declare in their evidence before us , that they never had the slightest reason to doubt his personal integrity . If the noble lords conceived that Mr. Palmer had acted with contumacy 973 and disobedience towards them , they were certainly justified in discharging him ; but that dismission had nothing whatever to do with the Agreement before the house , which related simply to the price which the government had stipulated to pay Mr. Palmer for his Plan . This Agreement was admitted ; and whatever quarrel had afterwards arisen could not possibly justify the government in retaining the plan , and paying the projector any price they might find convenient to set upon it . No misconduct of his could bear them out in a breach of contract such as this ; and he was decidedly of opinion that Mr. Palmer held his right by so incontestable a tenure , that had he even been convicted of felony , the government would still have been bound either to have paid the price they had originally agreed for , or , on failure of that , to have relinquished the benefits of the plan opposed the motion , and after going over many of the circumstances of the case to prove that Mr. Palmer had no just ground of claim , declared that it concerned the dignity of the house that the bill should be got rid of as speedily as possible . enquired , whether it was the intention of his majesty 's ministers to found , on the report of the committee on the state of the West India trade , any measure except that of the distillation from sugar that had been already before the house . replied , that the Distillation bill was not the only measure calculated to relieve the West India merchant . The lowering of the duties on coffee , and the increase of the duties an brandy , would have a similar tendency . It was not in the contemplation of his majesty 's ministers to propose any other measure on the subject . then gave notice