one horse were too many , however long his back might be . stated , that all the 850 clauses which he had hitherto proposed , contained nothing more than what was necessary to carry into effect the provisions of the bill . thought this clause of much importance , and that it was of still greater importance , not to allow this new practice of adding so much additional matter , without a possibility of ascertaining its precise tendency . then proposed a clause , enabling the magistrates to call out the Local Militia in cases of riot ; and providing that whatever number of days they should be out in this manner , should be deducted from the subsequent number of days of drill . opposed it as shifting the power lodged by the constitution in the sheriff to the magistrates . thought the clause would be vesting enormous powers in the magistrates ; and that it would be useless in its operations , as it would be easier to call in the regular troops , than to assemble this force when dispersed . defended the clause . If any disturbance existed in the country , to whom could the house intrust the power given by this clause , more safely than to the magistrates . characterised the clause as a great innovation on the constitution . denied that it was any innovation on the constitution . contended , that as it was a perfect novelty , and involved in it most important principles , it ought not to be introduced by way of rider to a bill , but ought to be brought forward in a separate form , and deliberately discussed . was desirous of proposing a modification by which this obnoxious clause might be amended , if this were the proper time to do so . informed the hon . gent . that this was not the proper time . could not conceive that any amendment could render this clause tolerable . It was one of the most direct infringements on the constitution that he had ever known . Its dangerous tendency could be equalled only by its absurdity . If it were thought advisable to give to the magistracy this power over the Local Militia , why not give 851 them the same power over the volunteers , over the old Militia , or over the regular army ? Nothing could be more ridiculous than the present proposition . How would it be possible to collect the Local Militia for the purpose of suppressing a riot , and if collected how were they suddenly to procure their arms ? He presumed , that if a riot took place on Saturday , the notices for the Local Militia to assemble were to be affixed to the church doors on Sunday , and that early on Monday morning they were to begin to set to work to restore tranquillity . He gave the clause his most decided opposition . stated , that this clause was literally copied from the Volunteer acts , and as a considerable number of the volunteer corps were likely to become a Local Militia , it was desirable to have the same provision applicable to them in case of their being called out on this service . argued against the clause , because the regular troops , in case of being called out to suppress a riot , acted with a degree of caution which would not be exercised by an undisciplined force.— proposed as an amendment , 'that the magistrates , or deputy lieutenants , calling out the Local Militia incases of riot , should not be officers of such Militia ; ' which was negatived . proposed that some personal notice should be served upon the members in the Local Militia when called out on such occasions , before any penalty could attach ; but that suggestion was over-ruled ; after which the clause was added to the bill by way of rider . Several amendments were then proposed and made to the body of the bill . On the clause directing that the surplus of the amount of fines