, so as to enable government whenever the exigencies of the state may require it , to make an advantageous loan for the public . These objects , however , sir , are in some degree inconsistent . In some degree they counteract each other . Whatever measure raises the funds , and thus enables government to borrow on the best terms , prevents the commissioners for the reduction of the national debt , from reducing that debt on the best terms . Now , sir , the measure which I propose will combine both these objects ; it will naturally tend to increase the price of stocks , and it will at the same time secure the redemption at a low price , of so much stock as may be transferred antecedent to the rise produced . All this , sir , must be obvious to the committee , without any de- 263 tailed statement , but , I wish to represent to them the manner in which the redemption of the debt will be affected by the purchase of annuities . Every person who transfers his stock to the commissioners , will be entitled to such an annuity as will be equivalent to the value of the stock , and of his life ; the calculation proceeding on the principle that the sum which he would otherwise have received as interest , the additional sum granted as an annuity , and the compound interest on the whole , would redeem the sum originally transferred within the period to which the individual 's life will be calculated as likely to extend . For instance , if a person were disposed to transfer to the commissioners 1000l . of 3 per cents . and upon the estimate of the probable duration of his life , and of the compound interest , it should be calculated that he was entitled for that transfer to receive twice the amount of his former interest , he would then have a right to an annuity for life of six per cent . or 60l . on the whole sum ; the calculation proceeding on the principle , that the accumulation of the additional 30l . would , at the probable close of that person 's life , be equivalent to the redemption of the stock originally transferred ; and that at the price at which it was originally transferred . Now , if the stocks continued to rise , the redemption of that sum could not be effected without this measure . The whole merit , therefore , sir , of this plan rests on the accuracy of the expectation , that the stocks are likely to rise . I am ready to admit , that if the contrary should take place , the measure will have a tendency directly opposite to that which I expect . The subject which requires our most mature consideration is , whether , under the circumstances in which the country is placed , there is not good reason to believe , or rather to be certain , that a continuance in the application of the means which have hitherto been used to decrease the debt , will produce a continuance of the rise in the price of stocks . The committee will be surprised to learn , that since the negotiation for the last loan , there has been a rise in the funds of 6 per cent . on the stock , or between nine and ten per cent . on the capital . When the loan was concluded last year , the funds were at 62 ; they are now 68 . If , therefore , the measure which I am now proposing had been adopted last year , then , of whatever quantity of stock which might have been converted into annuities since that period , the 264 redemption would have been secured at sixty-two . I certainly do not expect , sir , that such a rapid progress in the price of stocks is to be calculated upon for the future ; but I do say , that there is every reason to believe