the temper of its protestant subjects . No man could have a right to complain that he had no longer the power of injuring and persecuting his brethren . The law once passed , the business 982 was at rest . But with respect to eligibility to office , it was far otherwise . If the legal eligibility had no practical effect , where was the benefit to the catholics . If it had , before those feelings which the unfortunate situation of Ireland had naturally generated were softened down and worn away , the protestant would see , with jealousy and distrust , official colleagues forced upon him by government ; ill blood and discontent would follow , and the contest would only be transferred from the exterior to the interior . This was peculiarly a case in which the legislature , if it governed wisely , would not far outstep the temper of the people whom it governed . Concessions exceeding those which that temper was disposed to grant would produce feelings not of conciliation but irritation . It seemed to him , therefore , naturally to follow , that while the legislature was of opinion , either that no time could arrive when further concessions , to the full extent of their claims , could be granted to the catholics , or ( which was the necessary and the only legitimate parliamentary inference from their votes ) that that time was not the present , the legislature was bound in prudence to refuse any branch of those claims , which might furnish the means of enforcing still greater concessions , before the opinion of the country was ripe for them . The privilege of becoming directors of the bank of Ireland appeared to him to fall within this description . He was perfectly aw are that many of the privileges which had been granted fell equally within it ; but with respect to those we must take the law as we find it . The revocation of them would not only be an act of gross imprudence , but unless called for by the misconduct of the catholics , an act of gross injustice . There was , however , a material distinction . Those who felt most apprehensive from what had been granted , must allow , that as far as related to appointments by the crown , there was this security , that the appointments vested in that branch of the government which was essentially protestant . The power of election , whether exercised by corporations , or by the people at large , could , as the law now stands , only be exercised in favour of protestants . But suppose the bank direction to be opened ( the election , it must be recollected , was in the proprietors ) , could the catholics , who possessed a large proportion of the commercial wealth of Ireland , be so blind to their own immediate interests ( however an attention to 983 their permanent interest might dictate a different conduct ) as not to see the ad vantage they must derive from getting into their hands the direction of that great establishment ? Would they not follow the example of the shipping interest in the East India direction , and make it an object to every catholic to become a bank proprietor for the purpose of influencing the election ? Here was no check of any description whatever , from the crown , from parliament , or from the existing body of directors . The object was evident , the means of attaining it easy ; the importance of the object once attained , he need not use many words to impress it upon the house . The influence of the bank of England upon the government of this country could be no secret to those who were acquainted with its history . By a singular wisdom in the choice of its directors , that influence , which , in theory , might be regarded as so dangerous , had almost uniformly been exercised in a salutary direction ; had it been otherwise ,