printed , said , he should be glad to know precisely what parts were intended to be printed , and what to be left out . It seemed now doubly necessary from the account they had just heard of the difference of opinion in the Committee , that the house should have as much as possible before them , in order to be able to form a judgment for themselves . replied , that whatever difference of opinion there might have been on other subjects , there had been none as to the selection of the particular documents necessary to be printed along with the report . Every information would be before the house , and a catalogue of the papers not required to be printed , but which were laid on the table , would be added , so that those papers might at any time be referred to for particulars . , understanding that no objection would be made to his motion , after paying a high tribute to the science and services of the late Mr. Andrew Dalrymple , who had been offered a pension equal to his salary as Hydrographer to the Admiralty if he would resign , and on his refusal had been peremptorily dismissed his office , which circumstance had accelerated his death , moved for a copy of a Letter of the lords of the admiralty dismissing the late Mr. Andrew Dalrymple from his office of Hydrographer to the Admiralty . had no objection whatever to the production of this and every other document connected with the subject , and went along with the noble lord in bearing testimony to the merits and services of the gentleman whose removal was the object of the noble lord 's motion . He could- 1103 assure that noble lord , that the present Board of Admiralty felt as forcibly as he could , what was due to that gentleman 's genius and services . But the real state of the case was , that for several months before his dismissal , the Board of Admiralty could not get him to comply with their most direct orders . If they directed him to supply a particular map or chart to a particular vessel , he replied with written folios , containing reasons for his not complying , which the Board of Admiralty could not countenance , and this he had done latterly in terms so offensive as to call for some decisive measure on their part . He had never heard of any offer of his full salary to that gentleman , but the letter requiring him to retire , without adverting in the slightest degree to his numerous acts of disobedience , was couched in the softest terms , and secured to him the usual portion of salary retained by public officers , on retiring from office . presented an account of the Land Revenues of the crown ; on the motion that it do lie on the table , , though not sure that the subject to which he was about to allude was within the cognizance of the house , yet considered it well worth its attention . He had heard lately that it was in contemplation to extend the buildings ( which had already been carried too far ) , still further into Hyde park . Any contraction of that scene of public exercise and recreation would be extremely injurious to the health and comforts of the inhabitants of this great metropolis ; and though he was not prepared to make any motion upon this subject , as a representative , of the people , he was entitled to bring a matter of so much importance to their health and interests under the consideration of parliament . was at a loss to know what the right hon . gent . meant . He was not aware that the house could interfere with the disposal of the property of the crown , where an improvement was intended . When the right hon . gent . should give notice of this motion , then the house could judge of the question in some tangible shape