dated Copenhagen , 7th of Aug. stating that ail Danish ships might proceed to England in safety , as he was assured , that the British fleet lying at anchor before Copenhagen , had no hostile intention towards Denmark ; that according to information , it was his opinion , that it was bound to Cronstadt . In assurance of the above account , I left Dram the 13th of Aug. with a cargo of timber and deals , shipped and loaded for 303 the accounts of Messrs. Joshua and Thomas Carroll , merchants , of Cork , in Ireland . I was detained in the north-sea the 28th of Aug. before any orders from the British government for the detention of Danish ships had been given , and likewise prior to the bombardment of Copenhagen.—On the 25th of August , however , many days before information was received of the commencement of hostilities , and at a time when it was not pretended that there was any hostile intention on the part of Denmark , orders were issued by the Board of Admiralty , in consequence of directions from one of his majesty 's principal secretaries of state , to detain and bring in , provisionally , all Danish merchant vessels ; and these orders were not confined to the Channel , but sent to all our naval officers , commanding-in-chief , in every part of the world . On the 2d of Sept. a similar order was issued , under the authority of his majesty in council ; accompanied by orders , that no ships belonging to any of his majesty 's subjects should clear out for any of the ports of Denmark ; and that a general embargo should be laid on all ships and vessels belonging to subjects of that country , together with all persons and effects on board . It appeared , that the account of the commencement of hostilities was not received till the 4th of Sept. and it was admitted , that previous to that time , there was no ground for imputing a hostile disposition to his Danish majesty ; so that at the period of issuing these orders , Denmark was considered , although not treated , by the British government , as a neutral and friendly power . In consequence of these orders , 320 ships were seized and detained before information was received of the commencement of hostilities ; and after the issue of orders for general reprisals , which took place on the 4th of Nov. the whole were condemned as prize to the crown.—Lord Sidmouth said , that on a former occasion , when he had stated a report , that the value of the ships and cargoes , & c. so seized , was little short of two millions , the noble secretary of state ( lord Hawkesbury ) declared , that this was an exaggerated statement . He had mentioned it at that time , in the hope that it might be contradicted from authority ; but he had not mentioned it upon light or frivolous grounds . On the contrary , he then knew the number of ships which had been seized ; and that 53 , with their cargoes , had been sold by auction , and had 304 produced , upon an average , 5,200l . each . Supposing these ships to be of the average value of the whole that had been seized , 320 ships would produce above 1,060,000l ; and it was well known that when prizes were sold in this manner , the auction price was in general far below the real value . It was usual to estimate this difference at one third : upwards of 550,000l . must therefore be added to the above-mentioned sum ; making an aggregate of more than 2,000,000l . as the value of seizures in our own ports , exclusive of those which took place under the Orders of the 25th of August , and the 2d of Sept. in all other parts of the world . He would close this statement by repeating the hope which he had expressed