earliest times , the church had been liable to ; and all that was aimed at was , a new valuation , to which they were by law to be subjected . The crown had wisely and liberally granted this in the reign of queen Anne , for purposes the most useful and the most important , and parliament were now only called upon to give efficacy to former legislative measures , which had become as it were a dead letter , and an unavailing instance of generosity . It was a perpetual fund , which would increase from year to year . The chancellor of the exchequer had formerly said , that it was desirable that every resident clergyman in this country should not have less than 200l . a year . He thought this would also be extremely desirable in Ireland , and it would be the best mode of discouraging the Roman Catholic religion . This was exactly such a measure as would raise the respectability , of the Protestant Church . said , that the proposed bill would go to tax the clergy between 20,000l . and 30,000l . ; the First Fruits now only producing about 3000l . The taking of 30,000l . out of the pockets of the clergy was an object of such magnitude , and so injurious , that he could not agree to it . said , he owned he felt much surprise at the opposition that had been made to this measure , the more especially when it was made upon a motion merely to bring in the bill . After the discussions that had already taken place in that house upon measures brought forward by the chancellor of the exchequer to encourage the residence of the clergy in England , he could not help thinking it was equally desirable to encourage that residence in Ireland . Gentlemen appeared to oppose this bill upon wrong principles and misstatements , as the object of it was not , as 280 they alleged , to impose a tax upon the clergy , but to effect an equalization of the smaller livings and to levy that , which the clergy were already bound by former acts to bestow in a more impartial manner . He denied the proposition that the former valuation was to be the standard of future proceedings . The trustees had the power of renewing that valuation whenever it became necessary . As he understood it , the English act of parliament of the 28th of Henry 8th , was extended to Ireland , and by it a valuation was to take place , from time to time , by the keeper of the great seal , the master of the rolls , and other officers therein named . So from this it appeared , that the statute law of the united kingdom empowered the crown to make this valuation . Such was the avowed object of the present bill , and it should have his hearty support , as it could never be supposed that the sum of 3000l . a-year was all that ever was in view to be raised by the bounty in question . opposed the measure . He insisted that the bill went to raise a revenue out of the pockets of the clergy of Ireland , under the idea that it would promote their interest , by first taxing them in order to procure the fund . The churches of Ireland and of England were declared to be one and indivisible , and therefore why put the clergy of Ireland upon a different footing from those in England ? If there were to be any new valuation , it ought to extend to England as well as to Ireland . A bill similar to this one had been proposed in the house of lords some years ago , by a great and eminent prelate , but it was soon quashed . It would reduce the clergy in Ireland , great and small of them , to the greatest distress , if such a bill as this passed the house . It would be a