, as it was at best but a partial remedy to the great evil of non-residence , and finally he objected 957 to the existence of the fact presumed to exist , on which this bill stood , namely , the respective values of Church establishments . supported the bill , and was happy to find that the economy and guardianship of the Church had fallen into such good hands . He lamented the spirit of opposition which had so uniformly displayed itself on the other side of the house , to a measure calculated to secure the dearest interests of the Church and the comfort of all descriptions of the clergy . dreaded the terrific influence the present bill must necessarily give the superiors of the Church over their inferiors , and the operation of this influence , through the medium of the minor clergy , upon the public mind at large . thought the bill could be brought into operation only by the negligence of the rector ; a supposition on which he did not think it dignified to act . followed on the same side : he said the bill was not content to let the Church remain 'militant here on earth , ' but it wished to render it a Church 'litigant ' also . supported the bill as tending to cause the parochial duties to be performed by persons whose indigence would not disgrace their profession . objected to the bill , that it tended to destroy the principle upon which not only ecclesiastical but property in general was founded . He was of opinion , there was no necessity for legislative interference on this subject , and that it would be better to leave the appointment of curates salaries to the diocesan . He considered it to be a great defect in the bill , that it did not apply to lay impropriators . stated , as a matter of complaint , that the bill was intended to extend to Ireland . This was contrary to the understanding which prevailed when it was referred to a committee . It was with him a very great objection to the bill that it gave a discretionary power to the bishop . The instances were so few in which the principle of the bill could be made to apply , that they were not worth legislative interference.—The house then divided on the question , that the bill be now read a third time : Ayes 73 ; Noes 20 ; Majority , 53.—While strangers were excluded , lord Porchester tendered a Clause , by way of rider , upon which another di- 958 vision took place : Ayes 7 ; Noes 61.—Majority against the Clause 51 . The bill was then passed , and ordered to the Lords . rose and said , that he was determined to oppose the bill in all its stages . It was a bill which went to give the bishops an increase of discretionary power , which power they were known already to have abused ; so that the present bill would only tend to enable them to extend that abuse in proportion as their power was extended . renewed his objection to the measure . He wished it to be confined to the age between 18 and 25 ; and thus it would have the effect of training the whole body of the youth of Great Britain to the use of arms . He was anxious the bill should be freed from the inconvenience and difficulties under which other measures of this nature were known by experience to be liable . Above all , he wished to abolish the ballot ; with that view he should move an amendment , to omit in the preamble of the bill the words `` and balloted . '' supported the motion . He was desirous the bill should rest on the principle of the militia act , not on the principle of the modern acts . He wished it to approach in its nature to the old posse comitatus of that great man king Alfred : that was the true ground on which