who have a common interest with their fellow-subjects , they are a protection and safeguard to the whole community . Limited to particular classes , and withheld by distrust from the great majority of the people , they become instruments of oppression and degradation . Nor is this a matter of reasoning only ; 663 nor are these impressions confined to those who know how to estimate the value and to feel the deprivation of political equality . The influence of such a system extends itself unseen through all the classes of society , and operates on all the transactions of life . It establishes two descriptions of your people : the one trusted , and therefore protected ; the other whom your laws stigmatize with disaffection , and whom their fellow-subjects are therefore taught to regard with jealousy . My lords , these feelings must prevail so long as such distinctions are permitted to remain ; they result much more from the principle of the exclusion , than from the value , great as it is , of that which is withheld . They operate on those who might never have aspired to the distinctions or honours of the state , but who will daily feel the want of that protection , which nothing can insure to the lower classes of society except a government of equal laws . Whatever be the issue of this discussion , I trust their loyalty will remain unshaken . But do not flatter yourselves that your refusal will not be deeply felt . You are daily calling upon the people , of Ireland to make great sacrifices , and for great objects ; you are exhorting them to hazard even life itself , in defending their country against invasion , conquest , and slavery . To excite and to uphold this resolution , you must seek to cherish in their minds those feelings which these exclusions are most calculated to wound ; you must animate them to the sentiments and the virtues of freemen ; you must teach them to value the British constitution ; you must give them an equal participation of its benefits . Such , I have already said , will , I am sure , at no distant period , be the wise and fortunate decision of my country . This certainly we have acquired by the course of these discussions ; and we hail it as a most auspicious omen for the peace and union , for the safety and glory of the empire . May the completion of these hopes be accelerated ! The necessities of the times are urgent ; the opportunity is favourable beyond all expectation ; God grant that it may so continue until this great work be finally accomplished ! —One thing more before I conclude : one reflection I would wish to suggest , not to the respectable persons whose names immediately follow this Petition , to them it is unnecessary ; but if my voice could extend itself to the remotest corners of our sister island , I would address myself to all those whose 664 rights I have asserted , and in whose cause my heart is warmed ; I would beseech them still to look for the gratification of all their wishes to the united legislature of their country . In that course they will infallibly succeed ; no man any longer doubts it . In any other , they will insure to themselves misery and remorse , and to their country the heaviest of calamities . Let them not consider this as the language of prejudice ; or as dictated by any interest , however public , yet separate from their own . Let them look at the continental states of Europe , crsuhed into one mass of undistinguishable slavery . What artifices were not used to disunite the people of those unhappy countries ! what hopes were not excited , what promises held out of complete relief from every political and every religious grievance ! In what single instance have their expectations been fulfilled ? Upon disunion , what has followed ? conquest . Upon conquest ,