that this has been one of the most severe and laborious sessions that was ever known . If the hon . gent . reflects with complacency on his share of the proceedings of the session , we have also the satisfaction to reflect that we have done our duty in it , and we certainly anticipate its close with a feeling of satisfaction . I will not extend it still further by wasting the time of the house in descanting on the desire which it is rational to suppose that government must feel for the restoration of a peace , I will not say consistent with the honour of the country alone , but a peace by which her future safety and independence may be secured . The disposition which has ever existed in the minds of his majesty 's ministers on this subject , and which was distinctly declared by us on the motion made by the hon . gent , at the commencement of the session , remains unchanged . But , sir , I think , that under the present circumstances , the hon . gent , will scarcely expect us to declare , whether or not we think there is any prospect of an opening for that event . The hon . gent . may rest assured , that we feel as much as he , or any man , can feel , the difficulties in which the country is involved ; but we also feel , that she has energy and resources enough to contend , so long as it may be necessary to contend , for the maintenance of her power and independence ; but to say any thing further on this subject , to attempt to predict whether peace is probable or hopeless , would , in my opinion , sir , tend only , in the one case to relax exertion , in the other , to aggravate evil . declared that he had asked for no information with respect to the probability or the improbability of peace ; he had only called the attention of government to that important subject . The right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , notwithstanding what had been said by the right hon . gent , who had just spoken , had certainly held out the expectation that the enforcement of the orders of council would induce America to see her true interest , and that she would in consequence withdraw her embargo . The fact , however , was otherwise . As to what the right hon . gent , had said of the echo of the debates in that house , having produced an irritation in the American mind , which was subsequently allayed , such a statement was a general reprobation of 1054 every public deliberative assembly . If the members of the house of commons were not to speak their opinions freely , it were better that the house of commons did not exist . But this was the common topic of all ministers , little considering that the good far outbalanced the evil . In the present instance he did not believe that any evil had been produced . The right hon . gent , had expressed his satisfaction at the approaching close of the session , and had been , very pleasant on the gratification which this circumstance would give to his right hon . and learned colleague . He could assure him that he was not less pleased with the prospect than himself , and that if he felt any Of that complacency in the retrospect which the right hon . gent , had ascribed to him , it was not so much at what he had actually done , as at the line of conduct he had pursued . There was one topic of national importance on which he had not touched , namely , the internal defence of the country . The reason was this . On a recent evening , a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) , in a speech containing some tremendous truths , had called upon a noble