would have been so great , that I am satisfied the English admiral might have prescribed any terms he pleased . The delivering up of Sebastiani , the occupation of the forts of the Dardanelles , and the renewal of the ancient alliance betwixt England and the Ottoman Porte , I am satisfied , would not only have been the immediate consequence , but the Russians and Turks would once more have been friends , and general Michelson , with 60,000 Russians , have been set at liberty , and have been enabled to have taken part in the battles of Friedland and Eylau , which decided the fate of Europe . This country , in place of being , as at present , shut out from every port of the Turkish empire , would have had the aid and intercourse of upwards of 30 millions of people , which would , in some measure , have com- 287 pensated for other difficulties.—This is my view of the subject , and that it is totally impossible for the house to form any opinion , how far the failure of this great and most important expedition had been owing to the defect of the plan , to that of the instructions , to the inadequacy of the force , or to the unfortunate state of the winds and weather , unless the necessary documents are laid before us . We have seen the correspondence betwixt the English ambassador and secretary of state , explaining the complete ascendancy of the French at Constantinople , and suggesting by what means this unfortunate circumstance was to be surmounted . We have also seen the Instructions for the lords commissioners of the Admiralty to lord Collingwood ; lord Collingwood 's orders to sir J. Duckworth , —as also sir J. Duckworth 's letter to lord Collingwood , after the total failure of the expedition , assigning as the cause—'the unfortunate state of the winds , and currents , ' which from the day of his entrance into the Dardanelles , until that of his leaving it , he states to have been such , as to prevent his being able to obey lord Collingwood 's orders . Under such circumstances , sir , I would ask the hon . admiral who has stated that sufficient grounds have not been laid for the production of the papers asked for , how the members of this house can possibly discharge their duty , without enquiring into the state of the winds and weather during the time that sir J. Duckworth was in the Dardanelles , or whether this can be seen in any manner more fair or more equitable than the captain 's log of the admiral 's own ship . I have not the smallest objection to our having copies of the other ship 's logs , excepting a wish not to give any unnecessary trouble , and upon that account I have only asked for a copy of the captain 's journal of the admiral 's own ship , and only during four days , in place of the eleven days , during which time sir J. Duckworth was within the Dardanelles.—If the hon . admiral will have the goodness to suggest any more unexceptionable mode of ascertaining the state of the winds , and transactions on board of our fleet , I will gladly adopt it . I can not avoid remarking upon the rather uncandid manner of proceeding on the part of the hon . admiral , to whom , previous to my moving for the production of the papers , I had not only shown a copy of the paper which I meant to ask to be laid upon the table of the house , but understood from 288 him , that there could not be the smallest possible objection to its production . I likewise showed it to two other admirals , and they did not see the least objection to its being produced . After this , had any circumstances happened to induce the hon . member to alter his opinion , I think common candour ought , at least