could not openly convey without breaking the treaty . But they were made privately ; and if the nabob only wanted to convey expressions of mere civility , as were stated , that might be easily done upon giving a proper intimation to the government . It was said , that the correspondence was for the purpose of bringing about a marriage between the two families . If that was the case , what occasion was there for making use of a private cypher , which had no reference whatever to a marriage ? It was a cypher by which hatred had generally been expressed by the native powers to the British government , and that was a curious sign to make use of in negotiating a treaty of marriage . Although , when he first read these papers , it was impossible for him to think that they were an innocent correspondence , yet , from his intimate habits of intercourse with lord Corn-wallis , he inquired particularly of that noble person what was his private opinion as to this supposed treaty of marriage , and what his knowledge was of that transaction . He expressly stated he had never heard of any such treaty of marriage , although he was said to have been privy to the treaty . It had been asked what good or what object could Mahomed Ally have attained , by conspiring with the Mysore government against the interests of Great Britain ; particularly so , when he was a man of good understanding , and must have known how fruitless his attempts might be ? It was no difficult thing to suppose , that the family of Arcot could have taken such a view of their right to empire in that country , as might make them indulge a feeling that the effective dominion of that country ought to belong to them , and not to the India company . They might , partly from a feeling of ambition or mortified pride , and religious prejudices , imagine that they might have a more extended sovereignty over the country , and shake the power of the British government . These views might induce them to correspond with the Mysore government . Mahomed Ally , in a letter 932 to Hyder , spoke of arms ; here there was nothing about a marriage , the letter talked of their long enjoying the prospect of the sea from an eminence . What could that mean but a secret wish that the English gentlemen ( to use their own expression ) should be expelled from the country , so that they might have an uninterrupted possession of the whole ? But this was not the only political correspondence that took place between the Arcot family and the family that was hostile to the English interests in India . A rooted jealousy and ' hostility of the British power could plainly be collected from the whole correspondence . It was a wise jealousy of lord Wellesley to take alarm at this correspondence . He was persuaded there was most evident proof of hostility ; yet it did not rest on lord Wellesley 's judgment alone , but was the favourite opinion of very governor in that country , that the family of Arcot , as well as the Mysore , were plotting the overthrow of the British power . When lord Macartney took the government of Madras upon him , no man could act with more deliberate and disinterested justice , nor with a greater desire to conciliate the native powers . Yet he afterwards declared that the family of Arcot was hostile to us , and nothing but its deposition could produce tranquillity for us in India . Such was likewise the opinion of lord Clive ; and at last lord Wellesley was so convinced of it , by the evidence he had before him in India , that he proposed in council to do the act which was done . He saw that this family denied us all succour ; that they were acting with hostility in every instance ; and therefore his decision did