extent ; and yet , in arranging the Civil List revenue , no regard had been paid to them , and we had been called upon no less than five times within not a great space of time to pay off the debts contracted on the civil list , besides augmenting considerably that revenue . The question , therefore , was one well worthy of their lordships ' attention ; and although he would advise his noble friend to withdraw his motion for the present , yet he hoped he would persevere in bringing it again forward in a future session . said , that after what he had heard from the noble secretary of state and his noble friend , he had no objection to withdraw his motion , but pledged himself to bring it forward again . , on the motion for their lordships ' going into a committee on the Local Militia bill , rose and stated , that the principle of this bill went not only to provide for the present exigency , but was intended as a great permanent measure of national defence . In a new system of this kind , it was not expected that it should be devoid of imperfections ; but he thought the general policy of the measure could not be denied . It must be confessed , that the present situation of the world was such as demanded all our exertions to place this country in a state of defence which should bid defiance to every attempt that could be made against her . The volunteer system was not one which he should object to as far as it went , but it was a system which could not altogether be depended on , when practically viewed , because its efficacy rested entirely upon the spirit which might prevail at the time , and which might dwindle and evaporate . This con- 915 sideration , therefore , was anticipated by the present bill , as it would go to provide a remedy for such an occurrence ; besides , this force , he thought , would be more efficient than even the volunteers . He begged also to inform their lordships , that the present volunteer force was fixed at 370,000 , of which upwards of 277,000 were efficient by the returns . When , therefore , the amount of the other forces of the nation was considered , together with the means to be resorted to by the present bill , the country might look with proud confidence to measures which would thus secure its permanent safety . It had been suggested that an armed peasantry would have been better to have recourse to in case of an invasion ; but he thought , that however formidable they might be in a mountainous country , they were not so well adapted for our island as a local militia , which was now to be grafted on the volunteers , and intended not only to supply their place , in case of any deficiency arising from them , but was to be a measure to be persevered in whether the country should be at war or in peace , and was so calculated as to be carried into effect without injury to the civil employments of those to whose lot it might fall to give their services . did not rise to oppose going into the committee upon this bill , for he sincerely concurred with the noble secretary of state in the sentiments he had expressed with regard to the principle of the measure . He agreed that the measure should be made as conformable as possible with the civil occupations of the subject : he agreed that , however zealous and active the volunteer fore might be , and for which he gave it ample credit , yet it was not wholly to be depended upon ; he regretted , however , that the measure was not of greater extent , and more adapted to general principles . After taking an extensive view of the different local forces of the country , the noble earl proceeded to