, it appeared that there was at that time on board the fleet only bread for 16 , wine for four , and water for 25 days ! He did not wish idly to declaim against the measures of any man or set of men , but he solemnly declared , that had a charge of the nature of this enquiry been brought before a court martial , and no other justification than what the papers on the table of the house offered , he should have no hesitation in deciding on his oath , that the British squadron off Rochefort had not been supplied in the manner which the exigency of the service required and the safety of the country demanded . He could not conceive how men could bring themselves to sport thus with the feelings of a gallant and deserving officer . What must those feelings have been , when , after all his hope , his anxiety , and fatigue , he 138 had seen the French fleet stealing out of Rochefort unable to follow and defeat them , from the unmerited neglect with which he had been treated . The arrival of the Colossus and Superb had , however , been much dwelt upon , and after all , even when they had divided their supplies among the fleet , what provision had it ? Exactly seven days bread , 63 days wine and spirits , and 40 days water ! He was ashamed to take up the time and trouble of the house in detailing such broad and simple facts as these , when in fact any observation on the subject was rendered quite unnecessary by the able statement of the hon . gent , who opened the debate . This was a question to which the house should give all its attention ; it involved the dearest interests of the country , whose safety was identified with the welfare of her fleet . As to the new system which the hon . gent . ( Mr . Pole ) had broached to-night , he was sorry to see any such attempted ; if its effects were to be the allowing a ship to remain at sea for eleven months , and when she had remained at home only as many days , sending her out again—if such were to be its effects , he disclaimed and denounced such a measure : the name of the ship so treated he said was the Defiance . He deprecated leaving ships so long and so ill-provided at sea for such a length of time . He did not profess himself friendly to a vote of censure on the Admiralty , however he might have thought them inefficient ; before such a measure was adopted , evidence should be heard at the bar of the house ; and then , and not until then , a censure could be warrantably passed on so public and respectable a board ; but what must the squadron off Rochefort think , nay what must be the feelings of the whole British fleet and of the country at large , when an impartial and temperate examination of the papers laid on the table of the house by the Admiralty , proved , that the blockading squadron had been cruelly neglected ; and admitting for the sake of argument , that every pound of bread , and every gallon of wine and spirits , which reached sir Rd . Strachan before the departure of the French squadron , had been correctly distributed , still it was most notorious that the British squadron would not have been in a state to have followed the enemy . stated , that the general plan pursued by every Admiralty , was to keep a sufficient , force off every blockaded port , adequately equipped and provisioned to watch the force of the enemy . The mode of relieving these squadrons was by sending out vessels , ship by ship , provided , not only with their own equipments , but loaded also for the equipment of others . The commander in chief of the Channel Fleet