untouched all that can be enjoyed consistently with them . Times and seasons , the mind and dispositions of men , the state and condition of nations , must regulate the exercise of this authority . The principles of moral justice are alone immutable ; the regulations of political society must fluctuate with the chance and changes of human events , with the circumstances of national character , and the objects of civil institutions . But let these fixed and universal principles be examined in detail . What are they ? First , that the sovereign of these realms must always be a member of the religion established bylaw . Where is this principle found ? In the Revolution ? The Revolution placed upon your throne a sovereign who was not a member of the Church of England . The Revolution , and the two successive Unions , have established under your present sovereign , and in this his united kingdom , two separate Churches of different persuasions . In what manner shall he conform to both ; or how shall he fulfil this new obligation , which purports , without warrant of law , and by an impracticable condition , to fetter his conscience ? The Act of Settlement provides that the sovereign of these realms shall not be a Catholic ; and this provision both the Unions have confirmed . But this is matter of positive enactment , not of general principle . It originated in an occasional , though very imperious necessity . It authorizes no inference beyond the express provision of the law itself . It affords no warrant for the second of these pretended universal principles , which purports to apply the same exclusion to all participation in the legislature , and to all share in the councils of the state . On what ground indeed is this contended ? From argument , or from analogy ? From the history of other countries , or from our own experience ? Is there no difference between the authority of a sovereign , and the duties of his subjects ? Is it an eternal maxim , that all persons differing from the religion of the state must necessarily be anxious to overthrow its government ? Has such actually been found the consequence of toleration ? No sect of Christianity inculcates such a duty . The revela- 656 tion , on which our common religion rests , expressly commands the contrary . All history disproves the assertion ; our own daily experience confutes it ; and our conduct in this very case itself , is inconsistent with it . The government of France was not subverted by Sully ; her armies were not betrayed by Turenne . Among the very troops with which our great deliverer rescued us from civil and religious tyranny , were bodies of Catholic soldiers and Catholic officers . He trusted them ; they justified his good opinion . Such are the effects of just and liberal government , the fruits of confidence in honourable and conscientious minds . We ourselves have two established Churches in this island . Are they labouring to subvert each other ? What mutual persecution ever kindled greater animosity than once existed between them ! What Christian charity ever exceeded the harmony in which they now live together ? What convulsions did their hostility occasion in this country ! What miseries did it not produce in Scotland , so long as either endeavoured to force upon the other its own establishments and doctrines ! What advantages have not resulted from their Union ever since that wicked project was mutually abandoned ! In this respect at least , the principles of the revolution were those of religious conciliation . The revolution did in Scotland much more than we are asked to do in Ireland . It established in the same island with us , that Church which had so long cherished an inveterate hatred to our reformed episcopacy . We have since , by a solemn act of Union , made the same Church a member of our own kingdom . We have received its disciples into both houses of