interest of the crown , and he was sure his majesty would have no difficulty to make it matter of arrangement to alleviate the burthens of his people . repeated the impediment in point of form . expressed his readiness to abandon the Bills he had introduced to provide for the interest and sinking fund for the sums wanted for the public service , if the hon . gent . could devise means of answering these claims without new taxes . He would be grateful , even , for any suggestion that could tend , to diminish the taxes he had felt himself called upon to propose ; but he did not see how what the hon . gent . proposed , so 63 far as he understood it , applied to the service of the present year . It was true , that some unproductive parts of the hereditary revenue had already been sold ; but it was by the advice of the crown , and in consequence of recommendations founded upon proper inquiries and investigation . It was true that legal quays and warehouses had been purchased by the public and vested in the crown , and that considerable sums had been paid for them to the amount of 3 or 400,000l . But though the public might have thought it right to purchase at a high price , for public accommodation , the good will of individuals who had a vested right in these possessions , it did not follow that the property was of that value , or that it would produce near so much on a re-sale . With respect to the parts of the hereditary revenue , which the hon . gent . wished to make subject to parliamentary disposal , it was now matter of consideration with the surveyors and commissioners under the direction of the crown , how to dispose of the unprofitable part of this revenue , and to vest the produce in profitable property . It was , however , a step that ought not to be taken without mature consideration . Though there was an impediment of form , which precluded the house from entertaining the Resolution , the hon . gent . might rest assured that his suggestion would not be left unattended to . replied , that he was very willing to withdraw the resolution , if the rt . hon . gent . would endeavour to procure for the object of it the recommendation of the crown.—On the suggestion of the Speaker , the last Resolution was withdrawn , and the consideration of the other Resolutions was postponed to the 25th of this month . rose to draw the attention of the house to a circumstance respecting those institutions he had before alluded to , and which he thought ought to be redressed . A sort of Catechism had been composed for those schools , called the 'Protestant Catechism , ' which did not dwell , as the Catechisms we were best acquainted with , upon prayers , creed , or commandments , but went almost entirely to abuse the tenets of the Catholic church , which 64 were completely misrepresented in it . Almost all the assertions which were in this book respecting the doctrines of the Catholic religion were completely unfounded ; they were in contradiction to the doctrines which the Catholic children learned in their prayer book , and which the Catholic body professed and avowed . He then read several extracts from this 'Protestant Catechism , ' as it was called and compared them with the Catholic prayer book , and with the declaration solemnly subscribed by the Catholics . The effect of impressing such gross misrepresentations on the minds of young children could be only to increase those religious animosities which every good man wished to allay as much as possible . Among the doctrines which 2000 children were now taught at those Protestant charter schools , were these 'that the body of the Catholics conceived that no allegiance was due to the king , and that faith was not to be kept with heretics ' . It was evident ,