in visiting certain hospitals , and was made the subject of a separate bill , instead of being put , as , said Mr. Tierney , it ought to have been , in the Appropriation act of the year . What induced the house in that case to depart from the established usage , I know not , but this I know , that that proceeding was warranted by no direct precedent then existing , and that it has not itself been adopted as a precedent in anyone instance since . What I contend for is , that according to our established practice , the grant voted to Mr. Palmer ought to be sent to the lords in the Appropriation act ; and even if the right hon . gentleman had , by the diligence of some industrious clerk , been enabled to pick up two or three stray precedents in the course of the last hundred years , it would not justify his present attempt , which I maintain to be in the teeth of the broad line , of policy which has regulated the proceedings of the commons for above a century , and upon which your opinion , sir , has lately been given in a manner so clear and forcible , that it would be presumptuous in me to do more than to quote your authority for the doctrine fur which I am contending . It is , however , material to remind the chancellor of the exchequer , that but a few weeks have elapsed since , on this very question in another shape , by that authority he regulated his own vote.—But , it is asked , whether we would exclude the lords from exercising their judgment on this grant to Mr. Palmer , without being obliged , if they differed from us , to alter the Appropriation act , and thereby , in effect , to stop the whole supplies of the year , 1032 and then we are favoured with a display of tender anxiety for the situation in which their lordships will be placed , if we reduce them to so painful an alternative . My answer is , I ask you to do no more than what the established practice of the commons , acquiesced in by the lords , warrants , and I have no parliamentary grounds for believing that the lords would , on this occasion , depart from their own established practice , and for the first time alter an Appropriation act . I will not admit that I am to be called upon to assign the reasons for the commons pursuing a course which some may chuse to call an encroachment upon the lords . It is sufficient for me to know , that the course which I suggest is that which has been hitherto practised without inconvenience or remonstrance . Where shall we end , if once we begin to discuss the justice and propriety of the privileges we have long asserted ? You may ask , why the lords should not as well as the commons , originate or alter a Money bill , and if you search the books , you may , perhaps , rind some plausible arguments used on behalf of the other house , to prove that they have an equal authority with ourselves ; but , the answer at this day is simple . We have long insisted upon this as our exclusive privilege , and the lords have long been content silently to acquiesce . By what right , it may be demanded , do we resolve that a peer shall not vote at an election ? It is a sufficient answer that we have for a great length of time annually passed that resolution , and that , in fact , peers do not now claim to vote . will I not argue these and other questions of a similar nature . Practically , they are at rest ; and education and habit have taught us to consider them as points established by the wisdom and firmness of our ancestors , which it is our duty to