, while it would administer ineffectual relief to them , it would offend the landed interest . Thus ministers , who proposed it , would experience the fate generally attendant upon half-measure politicians , namely , that of neither pleasing nor serving any body . asserted , that the people of Ireland , and especially in the north , were very much distressed for provisions , which distress would , he maintained , render a measure of this nature necessary , whatever might be the state of the West Indian merchants . stated , that the scarcity of the potatoe crops in that part of Ireland with which he was acquainted , had been such last year as to afford scarcely enough to spare for the ordinary cultivation or seed . The consequence therefore was , to produce a proportionable scarcity of corn , which he thought the measure under consideration calculated to alleviate , if not to remedy . was surprised at the statement , that the north of Ireland had recently experienced any material want of provisions , as the price of corn had not been for several months at all fluctuating at one of the greatest ports for the export of that article in Ireland , he meant Water-ford . If any scarcity existed in the north , he naturally concluded that such scarcity would have affected the price of corn at Waterford . The right hon . baronet generally deprecated the interposition of the legislature upon subjects of this nature . He thought such interposition , in almost every instance , extremely noxious . Indeed , experience had proved that nothing but imperious necessity could excuse it . To such interposition he believed it was owing that this country was not able to grow sufficient food for its population , as it formerly did . From the enactment of Mr. Parnell 's act to the present time , the interposition he deprecated was found injurious . As to the rise which had recently taken place in the prices of sugar and corn , it appeared to him to proceed from the speculations likely to arise out of the existence of a committee upon this subject . contended , that the fears of the landed interest were without founda- 445 tion , and that it was not necessary to prove a scarcity , as something was indispensible as a measure of precaution . Some relief was absolutely necessary , and if gentlemen would not accede to this , he should be happy to receive from them the boon of a fair competition in the market , rums against British spirits , and sugars against corn . If from the opposition given to the present measure , it should be defeated , and a scarcity be the consequence , he would ask , what excuse gentlemen opposite could make to a starving people for having resisted a plan , which , if it did not , as they contended , go the length of giving relief to the planter , could not be shewn to be in any way disadvantageous to the landed interests of the country ? considered that grain being at too low a price , was to be looked upon as a serious evil , as well as its being exorbitantly advanced . If he saw that there was any probability of a dearth , or scarcity , he should then most cheerfully vote for any measure that was calculated to economise the article , and lower its price . As the case now stood , he could by no means think of voting for the proposition then before the house , it being in his judgment calculated in a great degree to ruin the farmer for the sake of affording some partial relief to the West India planters and merchants . stated , in the most unequivocal terms , that he meant to vote in opposition to his colleagues . His reasons were these ; in the first place , he thought it to be contrary to all acknowledged maxims of agriculture to say , that we should prevent the use of grain in