such an event that we ought to be striving to provide , instead of confining our views to the present moment ; measures the very reverse of that which was under consideration ought , in his opinion , to be had recourse to ; was it not indisputable , that from our own resources alone that supply must in future be drawn which had hitherto been received from foreign countries ? how then was our produce to be encreased , to meet an encreased demand upon it henceforward ? 533 by one very obvious and easy method , by encouragement to the British grower . It might be asked , what encouragement do the growers of corn , does the landed interest , require to extend the cultivation of the land , and to increase its production ? Do they require extravagant high prices ? and are not the present sufficient ? Do they require bounties , or other artificial means of encouragement ? No , said Mr. W. we do not require extravagant high prices , for numerous evils are attendant upon them , we are satisfied with the price when the markets are undisturbed and the buyers and sellers are left to themselves to dispose of their property as they think fit : we do not require bounties or any other encouragement that is not afforded to other merchants and manufacturers ; what we do require , is , to have equal advantages with those who embark their capital and devote their industry to other pursuits , and to be secured from restrictive and prohibitory laws and legislative interference . The public are too apt to imagine that excessive high price is anxiously desired by all those who a concerned in the cultivation of land , and that idea has received too much countenance from some members of that house ; but the opinion is unjust and unfounded ; we are desirous , no doubt , of a sufficient , and a steady price , and it is the interest of the country tradesman , and labourer likewise , that we should have it ; because when agriculture flourishes , they find constant employment , and full wages . We are anxious that food should be rendered to the people as cheap as possible , but we know that it never can be rendered to them cheaper than its production costs , with adequate remuneration to the grower ; every act of legislative interference will make it dearer instead of cheaper ; the price may indeed in some cases be kept down for a time , but after such a depression , it will rise again with accumulated force ; every prohibition of markets , every restrictive law , is a sort of gradation of the law of a maximum , and its operation is proportionably the same , inevitably increasing and accumulating the evil , and such has been invariably the case in all countries where such measures have been tried . There is only one way by which the price of corn can be kept moderate and steady , and that is by encouraging production , and that mode of keeping down the price we are anxious to invite and promote ; we know that is the only effectual mode , and those who imagine 534 that other means will answer , do but deceive themselves , and hold out false and delusive hopes to the people ; and if their opinions should so far prevail , as to induce legislative enactments founded upon such mistaken principles , the most serious and fatal consequences will follow.—Mr . W. said he was convinced from all the information he had been able to Collect , and from such observation as it was in his power to make , as well as from the circumstances relative to the markets before alluded to , that the cultivation of the country was extended beyond conception within the last few years , and the tillage of those lands that were in cultivation immensely improved . The high prices of the years 1795 and 1800 , had given a great momentary stimulus to