assailants in a single volley on some early occasion . He concluded with strongly expressing his opinion , that the learned , doctor was the most unfit man who could possibly be chosen for a privy cousellor in Ireland . rose , amidst a loud cry of ! 'question ! question ! ' He said , from the turn the debate had taken on the other side of the house he should wish for some little information . He was anxious to know how far they meant to carry their intolerance ? Hitherto they had been debating how far the disabilities of the Catholics were to be taken off . The house was now discussing how far a learned gentleman , who had expressed an ardent opinion in favour of the Protestant religion , was unfit for a situation of trust and honour . Instead of removing the Catholic disabilities , the gentlemen opposite called upon the house to degrade a man for using strong language in favour of his religion If this was their religious toleration , he was afraid it might degenerate into religious apathy and indifference . said , that he was aware that a member who brought forward a specific motion , was , by the rules of the house , entitled to reply , but as nothing in the shape of argument had been urged on the other side , he had his doubts whether he should avail himself of the courtesy granted upon such occasions . The hon . member then briefly adverted to some observations which fell from the other side ; after which the house divided : For Mr. Barham 's Motion , 107 ; Against it , 179 ; Majority , 67. observed , that he could not think it necessary to detain the house with more than a few words , in order to induce them cheerfully to concur in the recommendation which he had the honour of delivering from his majesty . When their lordships recollected the military talents and general character of the duke of Brunswick ; when they recollected the share he bore in a contest , which was not more the contest of Prussia than of England ; when they recollected his hard fate , his melancholy fall , and the indignity offered even to his remains by the ruler of France , all of which must be still green in their lordships recollections ; when they reflected how all those sufferings of that illustrious person must have preyed on the feelings of his illustrious consort , in whose behalf this recommendation came from his majesty , for the comfort , and dignity of her age and rank ; when they reflected on her near relation to his majesty ; they would surely do with alacrity , what that house was ever ready to do—give eager proof of their attachment and affection to their sovereign , in furthering whatever object they knew he had at heart . His lordship concluded with moving an address to his majesty , assuring his majesty that that house would cheerfully concur in promoting the purpose of his royal communication . spoke highly in praise of the virtues of the illustrious duchess , and was sure that every loyal subject would readily agree to the address . rose , not to oppose the address , but to narrow the grounds on which alone it ought to be proposed . The house had nothing now to do with the military talents and career of the duke of Brunswick , or with the contest in which he had last been engaged . All the house should consider was , that the illustrious person for whom such an establishment was proposed was very nearly connected with his majesty ; for if , in the present state of the continent , every unfortunate prince or princess were to seek a retreat and an establishment in this country , merely on the score of their misfortunes , it was not unlikely that we might have many candidates for the bounty of the British nation . If he was not wrongly informed , this illustrious person had