such men fit to fill our army and our navy , to hold all but the highest commissions in our service , and to execute almost every civil office ? Such monstrous incongruities are unfit even to be discussed in this assembly . Such accusation can serve only to inflame the passions of the lowest and most ignorant of mankind . The very suspicion is an outrage against justice , and the necessity of repelling it , an indignity under which your fellow-subjects ought not to have been placed . Yet many years ago , the Catholics , impatient of such reproaches , have vindicated by the most decisive testimony , both their own profession , and the common religion of Christianity . Not content with testifying their abhorrence of these imputed principles , they produced the solemn declarations of all the most famous Catholic universities . By those learned and religious bodies the detestable doctrines of which I am speaking were unanimously disclaimed . Every foreign Catholic concurred in the same sentiments . They heard of the charges with horror ; but with grief and indignation also , that in this liberal country , and enlightened age , such tenets should be imputed to our fellow Christians . What farther testimony could strengthen this disavowal ? The confirmation of the Papal see . That also has been had , and the same declarations have been solemnly promulgated from that quarter . What then remains ? Of the oath of supremacy I have already spoken at large . All fears of Catholic hierarchy must be at an end , since the offer , now publicly made , of submiting the nomination of the Bishops to an effectual control . The present loyalty of that body is unquestioned ; the proposed arrangement secures you against all future danger . The practice of excommunication was objected to . To exclude from their community those who disturb its peace or violate its rules , must be a right incident 659 to the members of every Church suffered to exist under your government . If that Church be Episcopal , the exercise of this right must be subject to Episcopal jurisdiction ; if Catholic , it must be regulated by Catholic doctrines . But this principle can justly be applied to spiritual matters only . Have there been attempts to extend it farther ? Permit no such interference with the temporal interests of your people . Prohibit it by your law ; and if prohibition be found ineffectual , punish it . I am assured that if you go into this committee , and are willing to pursue the inquiry , the most satisfactory defence can be made against the accusations on which so much stress was laid . I have no doubt that those who urged these charges , would find on such investigation how grossly they have been imposed upon . Be this fact however as it may , you can at least provide effectually against such practices in future . No man will be more ready than myself to concur in any reasonable security against every such abuse ; thoroughly persuaded that in so doing , I shall not only discharge my own duty , but also gratify the wishes of the Petitioners . These then , thus shortly enumerated , thus easily answered , are all the grounds which are commonly urged for continuing these proscriptions against our fellow-subjects . They are incapable of being supported by argument ; at the mere touch of inquiry they vanish into air . Yet if our prejudices are still unsubdued , if our judgment is still unconvinced by reason , let us at least profit by experience . What country in Europe was there but your own , in which Catholics had not , before the late revolutions , enjoyed unlimited toleration ? In what country were they found to undermine the government , or to conspire with that powerful enemy always so ready to profit by internal divisions ? In Russia , under the Greek Church , the Catholics proved themselves faithful and loyal subjects . In Prussia , under the Protestant