the christian religion direct , as it came pure from its great author ? That had not less zeal for truth than compassion for error ; that required us not to think alike , but it commanded us to love one another ; that sought union indeed , but how ? It taught with gentleness , it persuaded with love . Would that approve the miserable expedient of endeavouring to bring over the catholics by what was called encouraging one religion and discouraging another ; making , at most , proselytes of a few knaves ? No ; that would endeavour to bring over the religion itself , by affording its followers every means of improvement and instruction . No man would deny that an enlightened catholic of the present day was widely different from an ignorant catholic of the dark ages . Should we then have brought the catholics no nearer to the protestants , if for a dark , corrupt , and furious Catholicism , we could substitute the Catholicism of enlightened and educated men ; not indeed free from religious error , but purified of much religious error , corrected of all false morality and nil tenets dangerous to civi lsociety ? Purified and corrected , how ? By its separation from power ; power , with which if our own religion should form too close an alliance , it will soon be degraded and corrupted also . It was not necessary , in order to ascertain what was perfect toleration , either to search in books for definitions , or inquire into the etymology of the word . But let any man ask himself what he would consider as toleration in his own case . If he had fully and faithfully discharged his duties as a 149 subject of the state , he would expect , that for matters which lay between God and his own conscience , he should not only not be punished , but also that he should not be deprived of any common benefit which his fellow-subjects enjoyed . He would ask more : he would expect that he should not be marked by any odious distinction , or exposed to the aversion and jealousy of his fellow-subjects . All this was included in the principle of toleration , such as the christian religion would teach , or a wise policy dictate ; less than this might be submitted to , but less than this would never satisfy any man who felt all the rights , and was willing to discharge all the duties , of a good subject.—He believed that , his religions opinions might lead him as far from the tenets of the Romish faith as those of any man in the house ; but he could not approve , the abhorrence of that religion , which was inculcated and boasted of as if it were a virtue . It could be no longer useful ; it was no longer just . When this religion was abused by wicked and cruel men for the purpose of persecution , it was natural that such abhorrence should be created , and that it should descend to a few subsequent generations ; but when it appeared that the will to persecute no longer existed , and , at any rate , the power was gone , why nourish sentiments that set one christian against another ? On what ground could such abhorrence be justified ? surely not on the tenets of their faith , a matter entirely between God and their own hearts . On their claim to exclusive salvation , which made some gentlemen so angry , had those a right to be angry who adopted the creed of St. Athanasius ? These subjects might he very proper for a polemic divine , but I would be very ridiculous for a member of parliament , or a chancellor of Ireland . For his own part , however he might differ from their religious opinions , he could not easily be brought to abhor the religion which had been that of some of the wisest and best men ; that of a Fenelon