was not a very noble alternative for a naval officer to turn to—this generous thirst of making money even in a mercantile , honourable way , was not looked on very kind y by the navy as a resource for its officers : much less , he was sure , would it applaud downright and illicit smuggling.—As to the reference which had been made to Copenhagen , and the satisfaction his appointment gave—to all which had been said on that subject , the letters read by his hon . friend were as sufficient an overthrow as the fire of a line of battle ship would be to a cock boat . He deprecated the dreadful effects Which the naval character must experience , from the impression which must be made on it , by decking out in laurels the degraded object of a court martial 's censure—by giving to sir Home Popham a pension of 600l . per annum , while so many much more meritorous officers were left without distinction . He denied that lord Spencer 's letter expressed any positive opinion of the hon . captain 's merit , but merely stated his happiness that the duke of York had promoted so able an officer as he ( the duke of York ) , conceived sir Home to be . This was , surely , no peremptory opinion of lord Spencer 's , and it could not be expected that he was to fly in the duke of York 's face , and tell him he was wrong . The right hon . gent . concluded , by declaring that he should vote this grant to be a misapplication of the public money ; because it was degrading to the navy , setting a bad example to future treasuries , and giving fraud the retribution due to merit . did not feel it necessary to say much after the very able speeches of his right hon . and learned friends . He differed from the right hon . gent , who had spoke last , as to the propriety of separating the act of the treasury from the consideration of the merits of sir Home Popham , although he 761 would admit , that there was a connection between both so far as the board of treasury had cognizance of the circumstances . But , was it possible by any torture of ingenuity , to apply to the conduct of the treasury what the right hon . gent . had said respecting Buenos Ayres ? The right hon . gent . might introduce such an extraneous topic , but was it not for the purpose of exciting a prejudice against an individual , whose , credit , honour , and character , were at issue ? Was this justice , or was it candour ? Though the hon . gent . who had brought forward this question , had declared , that he was actuated by a sense of duty in promoting an inquiry into the expenditure of the public money , and was reluctantly constrained to advert to the conduct of an individual , yet nine-tenths of his speech had been taken up with a personal attack upon that hon . officer He would now suppose , for the sake of the argument , what he should afterwards deny in fact , that the hon . officer had been convicted of the illicit trade ; and that the delivery of five or six chests of tea at . Dungeness , 14 years ago , could be considered as an act of smuggling : was that a circumstance that could apply to a charge upon the government of Mr. Pitt ? Or if a dilatory plea had been entered in the progress of an action upon the respondentia bond , was the house to feel so scrupulous , on the score of morality , as to take notice of it ? Would it be considered criminal enough to attract the notice of that house , if a man were to turn round a coiner of a street to avoid meeting a creditor ? Were they to be called