collected together with great labour . supported the measure , as he thought it was necessary to protect that species of property , by the severity of the punishment . said , that formerly a bill had been brought in for making the stealing of any species of fruit a felony ; and although it was acknowledged by all , that that property was much exposed and required protection , yet the article was so tempting and the offence so easy of commission that boys might be induced to commit it , that the bill was rejected . He thought it highly necessary that the oyster-beds should be marked out so as to prevent persons totally ignorant of the law from committing the offence of taking oysters from thence . A captain of a ship , newly arrived from a distant climate , might innocently enough send out his boat , with men , to take oysters wherever they could get them . Was it just or reasonable that such persons should be deemed guilty of felony ? He should wish to see some provision introduced , so as particularly to mark cut these beds to the public . thought it extremely important to declare what the law was upon the subject . The punishment proposed in 995 the bill could not be objected to as being severe , as it was certainly the mildest kind inflicted for larceny . thought , that if the law already declared this offence to be felony by the common law , there was no occasion for passing this bill . It was certainly important that the beds should be particularly marked out . said , if he consented to this bill , he was consenting to innocent persons being punished as felons . A captain might return from the East Indies , and might choose to regale himself with oysters , and he could see no circumstance that could induce a jury to acquit any person who had committed the offence , even in the slightest degree . He had , however , no doubt there should be a law making this offence more penal than it at present seemed to be , although he certainly thought the oyster-beds that were private property ought to be particularly marked out . stated , that the object of the bill was merely to declare the law , upon which doubts had on various occasions arisen . could see no objection against restoring the existing law , and explaining what it really was . The only difficulty was , to ascertain whether or not it was private property ? He thought there ought to be words in the act descriptive of the property , and that it ought to be marked out with proper buoys.—The report was then agreed to , and the bill ordered to be read a third time to-morrow . rose to observe upon the extreme importance and complexity of the measure . It was one which , in his opinion , required and deserved a minute and mature consideration . It was therefore proper the house should have it before them in a legible and accessible form . His lordship then moved that the bill be printed . observed , that it was not the practice to print bills of this sort , nor did he see of what utility it could prove to have the bill printed . He must therefore resist the motion of his noble friend . The Earl of Lauderdale and the duke of 996 Norfolk insisted on the propriety of having the bill printed , as otherwise it would be impossible to come at a perfect knowledge of its provisions . Lord Hawkesbury repeated his objections to the printing of the bill ; upon which , lord Holland said , he felt it his duty to take the sense of their lordships upon the question . The house then divided : Contents Mi ; Not-contents 28.—Majority 12. rose pursuant to notice , to move that the opinion of the Judges be taken upon certain clauses of this bill , which regulated the amount of the notes which