the degree of surprize with which I have heard the motion now offered for your adoption . It is not that my mind was unprepared for some extraordinary procedure . In a manner wholly unprecedented in parliamentary transactions , your attention was called to this subject before you could , consistently with the established principle of your own order , or without infringing your accustomed respect towards the other house , avow any knowledge that the matter was in agitation . Nay , a body of testimony received by a Committee of the Commons was requested from that house at a time when it had not come to any conclusion on the question ; and a Committee of your lordships was named to open proceedings on that evidence . This seemed not merely strange ; but , could one have permitted oneself to give way to the conception , might have been thought to indicate a fixed resolution of crushing the Claim of Mr. Palmer , howsoever it should be circumstanced . One resisted the suspicion , because it must have appeared to every body that this case , though not in form a judicial question , was in essence strictly so ; and the nice regard of your lordships to equity forbad the indulgence of a doubt . What follows ? Your Committee give to you the evidence just as 961 they received it from the house of commons ( in which state , as you well know , it is not evidence for this house ) , with the sole addition of a few questions put to Mr. Long ; and , upon this foundation , the noble lord who took the lead in your committee recommends to you a conclusion from that evidence , diametrically opposite to that which was deduced from it by the commons ; and without a hearing given to Mr. Palmer , you were moved to declare against the justice of his pretension to a stipulated participation in great advantages acknowledged to have been received and to be now enjoyed by the public through his plan . You know that , previous to the adoption of Mr. Palmer 's plan , the revenue of the Post-office amounted to but about 150,000l . and you equally know that , in consequence of his system , it was swelled to the enormous sum of 1,200,000l . It is idle to attempt saying , that a part of this arises from an increased rate of postage . The noble lords , who have filled the office of Post-master General , will not contradict me when I assert , that the additional tax on letters ( which was a part of Mr. Palmer 's proposal to the minister ) could not have been borne had it not been counterbalanced by some signal benefit to the correspondence of the country . I appeal to the official knowledge of those noble lords , whether the tardiness and insecurity of the post , on its original footing , had not induced numbers of mercantile people to send their letters in parcels by the stage coaches , in diminution of the Post-office revenue , and whether it was not a growing evil ? An additional tax on letters would have been only an additional motive for this practice , had not the safety and the dispatch provided by Mr. Palmer 's plan for the transmission of letters made it worth the while of the merchants ( and indeed of all other descriptions ) to submit to the augmented impost.—Do I say too much when I assert , that this whole transaction bears a most unfavourable colour of a concert which ought not to have taken place for such a purpose ? The procedure elsewhere will explain my meaning . The honourable mover ( Major Palmer ) , who brought forward the Claim in another place , justly alarmed by the steps which he saw taken here , naturally inferring that there was a determination to crush this Bill , and wisely measuring his own inability to struggle against such a combination , dropped his notice for the third reading of the