, if otherwise qualified . '' said , the Irish bank was placed on the same footing with , the bank of England , and he did not see why a distinction should take place in one country which was not proposed for the other . He deprecated thus bringing forward old oppressions to countenance new innovations . In proposing hereafter a renewal of the charter , he did not intend by any means to heap new burthens on the catholics ; he would leave the charter just as it stood at present , and if the catholics found themselves aggrieved , they might petition parliament , which they did not do now . He concluded by moving , that the house should proceed to the other orders of the day . observed , that as the right hon . gent , said he did not mean to exclude the catholics , he hoped he would support the Resolution . As the old penal laws were repealed , why not repeal this ? No one surely could say this was so serious a state matter as to endanger the existence of the constitution or the church . said , he did not see the utility of altering the law ; there was surely no grievance in continuing the same law to Ireland which was in force here . If any alteration was to take place , the time would be when the charter was about to be renewed , and not now to engraft a new bill on the old bill . He did not desire that the new charter should prejudice the Irish catholics ; on the contrary , he had no objection to enter a declaratory clause in future , giving the legislature a power of interfering in their defence . was glad the right hon . gent , had it not in his intention to re-enact the penal code . He thought our ancestors had as good reasons for their severity as we had now for our exclusion , and he was sure posterity would repay us as we repaid those who went before us . The case of Ireland did not apply to this country at all , where the majority were protestants , but in Ireland he would venture to say the principal merchants were catholics . stated that a person might remove from one district to another where there would be no ballot , and where he could not get into a volunteer corps , they being full . This man being perfectly free , would receive more wages than the other.—Nothing was done on this suggestion . On the reading of the twentieth clause , providing that an oath shall be taken by every volunteer entering into the local militia , that he had received no bounty except the two guineas allowed by the act , Mr. C. Wynne observed that in this case a strong temptation to perjury existed , and there was every opportunity for evasion ; he therefore objected to the oath . He contended that the frequency with which oaths were administered had much diminished their influence on the public mind , especially when they were administered in cases where there was every temptation to perjury.—Mr . Windham , Mr. W. Smith , Mr. Wilberforce , sir S. Romilly , sir T. Turton , and Mr. Stephens , joined with Mr. Wynne , in his representation of the mischievous effects that resulted to the community from the frequency of appointing oaths to be taken in improper cases , ; and declared their conviction of the soundness of the common law principle , which prohibits oaths being taken by persons strongly interested in the cause.—Lord Castlereagh agreed that the oath should be left out , and that the clause should remain with the provision that a declaration to the same purport should be signed by the volunteer , with a penalty of 20l . if false . In the twenty second clause , exempting persons who shall have served four years in the local militia from being liable to serve therein again for four years after , two amendments were