charge almost insupportable , as a poor man would be nearly 3 years before he could reap any benefit from the glebe house he might have erected . Although those who opposed this measure were alledged to be wrong in point of law , yet he could inform its supporters , that it was formerly complained of as a great grievance , when Henry 8 abolished the Pope 's power in this country , a new valuation of the First Fruits was made for the king 's benefit . Nevertheless this fund was not the property of the crown at all ; so that neither the keeper of the great seal , nor the master of the rolls , could at all exercise any controul over it . It was a fund purely belonging to the poorer 281 clergy . The bounty of the crown was only 5000l . a-year for this benevolent purpose . Upon the whole , although more was now thought necessary , yet this , of all others , would be the hardest mode of raising it ; and he trusted such a tax upon the clergy would never be entertained by the house of commons . said , that it was quite an erroneous statement to say that this measure was to raise a tax upon the clergy to the amount of 30,000l . a-year . It did not do so ; but the effect of it would be merely to raise from the higher order of the clergy that which the legislature had wisely bestowed upon the poorer , without inflicting any additional taxation upon the people at large . The measure was purely prospective , calling on the great preferments in Ireland to contribute a certain proportion to support those of the clergy who have not wherewithal to live upon . His right hon . friend did not , in the bill for which he then asked leave , take upon himself to fix any estimate , or to apportion the amount this fund ought to pay for pious purposes . It solely proceeded upon this fair and equitable principle , that those of the ecclesiastical order , who received a great deal out of the church of Ireland , ought to be compelled to advance something towards the support of such of their own order , who scarce had what was necessary for the purposes of life . The objections of the learned doctor ( Duigenan ) were anticipated by the statement of his right hon . friend . The learned doctor had asserted that it would , in its operation , load the clergy of Ireland with an exorbitant amount of taxation . The answer was , that the amount was solely left to the discretion of the house ; the bill did not take upon itself to fix even any scale of appropriation . But the principle was necessary , and when acknowleged , then it was for the house to settle the detail . That the principle was necessary , every man acquainted with the state of Ireland must admit . There were , to his own knowledge , two bishoprics , each producing an income of 20,000l . per annum , and neither of which paid a single farthing , to the fund of First Fruits . Would any man then say , that a new valuation was not necessary , and that such preferment ought not to contribute to the maintenance and augmented comforts of the poor of their own order ? It was far from the fact to say , that the proposed bill was an innovation , or that it trenched upon the rights of the Irish 282 clergy . It only followed up an old and sanctioned law of the country , and was calculated to advance the interests of the established religion in that country . There was no man in that house less inclined to trench upon the property of the church , because he felt it had as good a title to security as any other species of possession . This bill had no such object , it did not attempt