of such an intention . It was notorious , that amid a variety of Irish papers there were many particularly adverse to the government of the day , which contained these proclamations . considered the admission of the last speaker conclusive in support of the amendment moved by his hon . friend . If the editors of newspapers wished to promote the sale of their papers , they would , naturally , reprint all those proclamations which referred to important national objects , and where there were minor or subordinate documents , the parties interested in their operation would take care to inform themselves of their nature and tendency by means of the Dublin Gazette . The present mode was proved to be a job , and ought instantly to be abolished . said he could not see how the grant of that money was in any degree abused ; it certainly was not his fault if the editors made a bad selection of proclamations . said , there appeared to him to be a regular traffic carried on between the press and the government in Ireland ; it seemed as if the first step of each succeeding ministry was to see what each editor would sell for . There was a peculiar loss attending the insertion of these proclamations , inasmuch as they paid no stamp duty , and so prevented the insertion of advertisements that did . As to the arguments made use of to shew the disinterestedness of government by extending the proclamations to opposition papers , he thought they made against those who produced them , as they shewed not only an inclination to increase the expence to the country , but also to try to the utmost what temptation could do . said , that being intimate with an editor of an Irish newspaper , he had remarked to him particularly the circumstances now alluded to , that of the reprinting old proclamations . The answer the editor gave was `` Indeed , to tell you the truth , we often are so barren of news , and so pinched for want of paragraphs , that we consider ourselves very well off when we can make shift with a convenient proclamation ; it , is not very interesting to be sure , but then it serves to fill up the paper . `` —He said inferior newspapers only republished them . said , he had not intended to state the names of the papers he al- 86 luded to before , but now he would do so , for the purpose of shewing they were not inferior papers , as the hon . member seemed to insinuate ; the papers were , the Evening Correspondent , and the Dublin Journal.—The amendment was then negatived without a division . said , he was ; under the necessity of again calling the attention of their lordships to the papers for which he had moved on a former occasion , respecting the detention of Danish vessels , previous to the declaration of hostilities against Denmark , and the condemnation of those ships subsequent to that declaration . On a closer examination of the Papers which were laid on the table yesterday , he found that no return had been made to two of their lordships orders ; that which regarded the number of ships detained before the declaration of war against Denmark , and that which regarded the number of Danish subjects detained before that declaration . He had seen , indeed , a letter from the Admiralty to the Transport Board , stating the order by which the return of the number of prisoners was required ; but no exact return had been made to that order , though the answer was not sent , back for six days after the receipt of the order . Under these circumstances , which would prevent him from bringing forward his motion on this subject as soon as he had expected , he must now renew the motion he had made immediately before the recess , and move That a return be made forthwith to the third and fourth orders