, one-fourth of the specie was given , and certainly one-half , if not two-thirds of all the other proceeds . The danger which was incurred , therefore , has never been made the criterion by which to distribute or not to distribute.—What peculiar circumstances are there 733 then to justify the departure from precedent in the present case ? What demerit had admiral Robinson ? what merit had sir Home Popham ? Admiral Robinson was an old and experienced officer , who had served his country 40 years with zeal and activity . His father too had been an admiral in the service , and had , at an advanced age , lost a limb , when he commanded the Shrewsbury in an engagement off the Chesapeak . When the Etrusco was seized at Ostend , admiral Robinson was offered 40,000l . to release her . [ Here sir Home Popham observed , that he did not believe it . ] Sir ; admiral Robinson is in town ; I will call him to the bar of the house to prove the fact , and leave it to the house to judge , who is most worthy of credit . In addition to his long services , admiral Robinson had to plead the length of the trial , which lasted ten years , the expence he had been at , and the risk of ruin which he saw had not the suit succeeded . All his fatigue and anxiety of mind has been considered as nothing worth.—Sir Home Popham had no naval services to plead : nor will the pretence of the Company having apparently sanctioned his trade avail him . I have proved that the Company 's servants in India did not sanction it . At home when informed of the capture of the vessel by adm. Robinson , the court of directors , by their secretary , expressed their anxious desire to prevent illicit trade , and declined joining in the prosecution only because the case was so wrapped up in obscurity , that there did hot appear sufficient proof to insure a condemnation . Had they proceeded under the provisions of the act , the ship and double its value would have been the forfeiture . The consequences of grants of this nature are most pernicious ; it is not only a waste of public money , but detrimental to the naval service . What hope has an officer but the uncertain chance of prize money in the navy , of acquiring a small property to enable him to pass the latter end of his days in comfort and competency ? And shall he be deprived of this hope , of this only resource by which he can honourably acquire property , to bestow it upon one who had abandoned the service and been detected in the Violation of the laws of the country ? Sir , this transaction began in fraud , continued in deceit , and ended in a gross imposition upon the then government . I regret the necessity of making such heavy accusations against a member of this house ; I 734 am sorry to be obliged to word my resolution so strongly against a naval officer ; but the case admits of no palliation . I therefore move you , sir , `` That it appears to this house that by a decree of the Lords Commissioners of Appeal in Prize causes , dated the 11th day of August 1803 , the ship Etrusco , and such parts of the cargo which were claimed by Home Riggs Popham , esq . now sir Home Popham , were condemned as good and lawful prize to the king , as the property of one of his majesty 's subjects engaged in an illegal trade.—That , by a Treasury warrant dated the,24th Sept , 1805 , the proceeds of the said ship and cargo , amounting to £.25,959 . 9 . 7 , subject to certain expences not exceeding 6,000l . were granted to sir Home Popham , who had been detected in prosecuting such illicit trade.—That this grant is a misapplication of public