his power to remove the hardship that gent , had suffered . But as the power of the crown was unlimited , and very properly proposed to be left so , as to what officers it would employ , he did not see how the exercise of his majesty 's discretion could be remedied by any measure proposing not to meddle with it . The commander in chief finding by the letter of the Judge Advocate , that col. Johnstone was not an officer agreeable to his majesty , abstained from recommending him in his turn for promotion . The only thing that was open to remedy on that proceeding , was to render the Judge Advocate responsible for the advice he should give to his majesty , and that had already been done by a clause in the Mutiny Act , adopted by the house on his suggestion . The system of the navy was inapplicable to the army in many cases . For instance , a captain of a man of war had the power to order a man to be flogged without a trial . The first officer in the army had no such power , and he should be sorry to think he had . He allowed it was desirable that the powers of the Judge Advocate should be defined and understood ; and recommended to the hon . gent , who filled that office , to introduce himself some measure to that effect . consented to withdraw his motion , though he could not help observing , that his wish had been misinterpreted , as well as some of his words . He was not desirous to trench on the royal prerogative : his Bill would only have referred to general Courts Martial , and in this point of view he could not see what distinction could be drawn between naval and military courts . He might at some future period bring forward his motion , when he hoped to render it more palatable to the house . opposed it , on the principle that all political interference of the legislature with the industry and general pursuits of the country was bad . He would allow that particular circumstances might occur which would justify such interference . It might be allowed under well-founded apprehensions of scarcity , or as a measure of temporary policy . He knew , however , of no scarcity either existing or to be apprehended , which called for the present measure . Wheat , which might be considered as the principal food of man , was hardly ever known at a more steady price than it had been for several months past . In case , however , a scarcity should actually take place , he then wished that the crown should possess the power to stop the distilleries by a proclamation . Wheat had for a long time been at a low price , and a price so low as to be hardly adequate to repay the farmer . He therefore felt it his duty to resist the second reading . said that as to the general principle of leaving agriculture to itself , and not interfering with it by any legislative provisions , that principle would , in justice , be as applicable to the interests of the West India planters , or to the commerce of the country , as to its agriculture . But it was known that the interests of the West India merchants had , in point of fact , been much interfered with by the legislature . Although by the contract under which our islands were cultivated , the planters were to have the monopoly of supplying the empire with sugar ; yet , when we occupied St. Domingo , we received 100,000 hogsheads annually from that colony , in competition with the produce of our own colonies , and in violation of the contract made with them . Again , when it was represented that the planters held up the price of their sugar too high , parliament interfered , and let in East India sugar in competition with it . At