but to bring away the Turkish fleet , whilst the troops which were necessary for the success of the expedition had been sent , not to Constantinople , but Alexandria . That right hon . gent. , too , had dispatched another expedition to Lisbon , the only force he had employed in Europe , and for the purpose of bringing away the Portuguese fleet . He could assure the right hon . gent. , that the present administration in the conduct they should adopt , would not follow his practical example , but act upon the result of their best and soundest judgment in adopting such measures as might , under all the circumstances of the case , be most conducive to the great and important ob- 897 ject which they had in view . As to what had been said respecting the extent of the assistance to be afforded , he was aware of the justice of what had fallen from the right hon . gent , who had brought forward the motion , and if the occasion should arise , he could assure that right hon . gent. , the country was in a situation to afford effectual assistance . When he considered the contrast between the patriotic sentiments of that right hon . gent , and the language of those around him , who were disposed to throw worse than cold water upon the hopes of the retrieval of Europe , he was sorry to see him sit amongst them , but he was confident that the country would do justice to that right hon . gentleman . regretted that the discussion had taken place , and was sorry for the manner in which the question had been discussed . However important the lesson of his noble friend as to recrimination , and the consistency of remaining in a government with which he differed , he must regret that the people of Spain , who looked to this country for support , should find that this question had been made a ground of recrimination by gentlemen on both sides of the house . He hoped that the principle stated by his right hon . friend , of considering any power that should be at war with France as in alliance with us , would not be acted upon to the full extent . He thought that they should not be considered as our allies any longer than whilst they would fight with us to obtain a secure and honourable peace . again explained . He had been misunderstood by his noble friend , if he had supposed him to have stated the principle to that extent . He had intended expressly to say , that we should consider all powers embarked in hostility with France as our allies , engaged in a common object for the attainment of a safe and honourable peace , and not for purposes of perpetual war . was glad he had given his right hon . friend an opportunity of making this satisfactory explanation . did not feel it necessary to reply . His object was to awaken the country to the opportunity which , if the information from Spain was true , might lead to the rescue of Europe , and to the release of oppressed countries from the grasp of a ruthless conqueror . He had , however , no objection to withdraw his motion , convinced that much benefit must 898 accrue even from the present discussion.— The motion was then withdrawn . opposed the measure in contemplation , as contrary to our established policy . He was persuaded that if the property of foreigners was to be subjected to this tax , it would prove extremely injurious to the prosperity and wealth of this country . was sorry that the subject had been mentioned at all . The sum was extremely small , but the sacrifice of principle would be great . No advantage could be derived from such a measure as this , that would be at all equal to the injury which it would produce . said that the income tax was in its operation