committee at least : for they not only carefully guard against the principle , saying that the measure should on no account be permanent ; but they declare the very opposite principle , when they recommend that the restriction should cease , if it be found to have any undue effect on the corn-market , let the situation of the sugar-market be what it may ; thereby declaring that the landed interest should by no means be subservient to the colonial , but that , on the contrary , colonial interest should give way to that of domestic agriculture . And yet to this imputed principle , this phantom of their own imagination , this bugbear of their own creating , all is to be sacrificed ; Great Britain exposed to want , and the colonies to ruin.—With some gentlemen , this objection comes in another shape , or at least under another name . With them , it is not principle but prece- 517 dent : an alarming and dangerous precedent ! It really might make one smile to see the great and powerful interest of this country in an agony of alarm at placing a precedent in the hands of some ten or twelve merchants and three or four planters , if now so many there be remaining in this house . A body whose , interest has been sacrificed to every body and on every occasion ; which has been obliged to give way , whoever was the opponent ; not only to great and powerful bodies , but to those which were most inconsiderable ; not only for great and important objects , but for considerations the most minute ; in short , which could be oppressed for every body and for every purpose up to the point we see it is . But , after all , what would this precedent be , even according to their own shewing ? A precedent that would do them honour at little cost . It would be merely this , that , in the urgent distress of the colonies , no other measure appearing practicable for their immediate relief , but one that would unload the market of a glut forced into it by our conquests , the landed interest had stepped before the rest of the nation in yielding 1–16th of the barley market at a time when , barley was at least sixteen shillings higher than the price at which importation is allowed by law.—One more objection I must yet notice , which seems to have made considerable impression . It is this ; that every kind of restriction is bad , especially in regard to corn ; that every thing ought to be free , and left to find its own level . To this doctrine , no man assents more fully than I do . The theory is most just . But , sir , nothing leads into more error than the false application of true principles ; and no maxim has ever been more misapplied than this , that trade will find its own level . So it will , if left to itself : but then it must be left to itself throughout . If you have interfered with various restrictions and regulations already it is most absurd , in one particular instance , to quote a rule you have constantly disregarded . Trade , like the element from which the phrase is borrowed , will find its level , if left to itself ; but if its course be stopped here and forced forward there , an artificial level will be introduced , which you must continue to regulate and superintend , or you must abandon all your past regulations and restrictions.—Thus , as to the colonies ; if left to themselves , assuredly they would bring no more sugar to the market than it demands ; but if you 518 force them to come here , you must contrive a vent for what they bring . Thus as to corn ; if left to itself , doubtless , the fertility of the soil , and the industry of the inhabitants