anomaly . Look at the history of nations , when the danger was as great as it is now . Was Henry 4th less faithfully served because he happened to have the duke of Sully for his prime minister ? Was Lewis 16th in greater danger from the counsel of Turenne ? and yet both these great ministers were of a different religion from the established religion of the country . While your enemy employs all the talents of his state , and brings into action all the energies of his subjects , can you confidently hope for security by rendering useless a great part of your population ? What do the petitioners want ? not a transfer of power , or the absurd establishment of a Catholic Parliament , but they do require a restoration of their legitimate rights , an admissibility to power . They ask for nothing which invades any recognised principle of the constitution , or fundamental laws of the land . The principle upon which I say you act in constitutionally , is in making a monopoly of the state , and of the parliament , to the exclusion of a great portion of the constituency of the empire . It has been argued , that the Catholics are guilty of treason in refusing to take the oath of supremacy , ( which the Dissenters do hot take , ) and because they are attached to the Pope . This is not true . Equally unsupported by sound argument , and confounded , in truth , is the charge made against them , of a desire to overturn the established church ; indeed , they have been insulted and stigmatized , in opposition to repeated declarations of parliament ; in opposition to the 18th , and to the 33d of the king , which gives them a certain description of political powers . Such objections are founded upon the most gross errors . Those who argue against the Catholics seem to consider them as a race incapable of every virtue , and capable of any vice , an execrable race , whose hearts no mild treatment could soften . I argue , in refutation of these charges , that the Catholic pays his quota to the exigencies of the state ; he also pays his proportion to 561 the church establishment ; the very payment of these quotas is perverted into an argument , against their hopes . Those who have argued in this manner , and justified their arguments on the score of religion , rendered even Omnipotence subservient to their vile purposes , and as it were attempted to bolster up Omnipotence , by accommodating the Deity with a certain portion of their own vices and crimes ; in place of a religion founded on those pure maxims of truth and justice , which are as unchangeable as the moral properties of God—It is then , I say , to bolster up a false and fraudulent system under the pretext of religious worship , for no other end , and having no other object in view , than to gratify the selfish interests and sordid passions of the few , by converting into an instrument of vexation and injustice , that which was ordained as the blessing and consolation of the many . It is only upon the mild and beneficent attributes of the Divine Author of our being that we should found the stability of our church and , say of it `` esto perpetua . '' But though they overlooked the Deity and his attributes , they did not lose sight of their own emoluments . They saw in it a little profitable church establishment , which they bolstered up in some contemptible test law . How then , I would ask , are the Catholics to destroy the church establishment ? It must either be by law or by force—If by law , why then it is evident , before they can hope to obtain their end , they must become the majority of the empire—that , however , no one can apprehend . But by admitting their claims ,