Resolution was then agreed to . had waited till he saw the house in a sufficient state of attendance , before he stated how he was circumstanced with respect to a transaction which in his view of it involved a breach of the privileges of that house . It would be necessary for him in order to explain the situation in which he stood , to state to the house a transaction which had taken place in one of the courts below . It was well known , that at the last election for the city of Westminster , the electors had nominated him as one of the candidates without his knowing any thing of the fact ; and it was only towards the close of the election , that he was made acquainted with it . The electors claimed to be exempt from paying any part of the expence of that election , and the High Bailiff of Westminster had brought an action against him as one of the candidates , to recover a proportion of the expense of taking the election . Though there was no law to authorise such a demand , nor any custom to sanction the practise , though it was well known that he had not taken any share or portion in the conduct or 144 direction of that election , yet , without any proof of the existence of law or custom to sanction the demand , the learned judge in the court below had thought proper to direct the jury to find a verdict against him , merely because he had taken his seat . This was the reason delivered by that learned judge to the jury , why he had incurred the expenses for which the action was brought . Now as to his taking his scat , that was not voluntary on his part , as he had done it in compliance with the writ , and any individual who may be elected , was compellable to attend and do his duty in that house . Yet the learned judge had held that the circumstance of his having taken his seat had rendered him liable to expences incurred in taking the election . He was yet to learn what benefit it was to an individual to sit in that house , if he came there to discharge his duty with integrity ; and he was therefore surprised to hear any learned judge say , according to the law , as it is at present , that a seat in that house was any other than a burthen upon the individual elected to that situation . He was not , however , surprised to find that learned judge consider a seat in that house a benefit , as it was a stepping stone to the bench . But he had not expected that a judge upon the bench would lay it down , that an individual for yielding obedience to the writ , had incurred a penalty for doing what , if he had not done , would have made him liable to the censure of that house . A person who had a duty imposed on him ought to be suffered to do it without impediment : but this was an involuntary act upon his part , and ought not , according to any constitutional law , and he hoped that all such law was not altogether forgotten , to subject him to any such penalty . It was said in lord Raymond 's reports , that judges did not understand the laws of parliament . The matter was of small moment to him , it was even an object of perfect indifference , but it was of material importance to the electors of Westminster , and to the privileges of that house . He did not make it a subject of complaint . What he mentioned the transaction for was , to know whether he was to comply with the demand that would be made upon him , in consequence of the decision of the court below . He applied but for the advice of the house , in