some less , and among the latter the maritime counties ; and the consequence of this inequality was , that 60,000 would be wanted to complete the establishment to the amount desired . He proposed therefore to give to the crown a power to create a Local Militia , to the aggregate amount of 60,000 men in the first instance , to be increased in proportion as the volunteer force should diminish , and to supersede them totally if they should withdraw their services in the event of peace . It was a satisfaction , that in creating this force , which was compulsory in the first instance , the country had the benefit of trying the experiment on a limited scale , to proceed to a more extensive application of the principle , if it should be found successful . He felt it desirable to proceed according to the accustomed habits and principles of the country , and therefore he would propose to conform the constitution of this force to that of the militia , but with this difference , that whereas the militia was now like the regular forces , the militia in time of peace would be assumed as a model , and consequently the services of this force would be confined to its counties except in time of invasion , or when the enemy should be actually on the coast , when alone it might be marched out of its counties . It should be assembled at convenient times of the year , for the purpose of training only , except in time of invasion , when actual service might be demanded . With respect to the terms of engagement , one year 's 45 training , as provided by the right hon . gent 's , bill , was wholly inadequate . It was desirable that the men should not be taken away inconveniently from their occupations , without compensating the country by substantial improvement . It was desirable also , to prevent the too frequent recurrence of the confusion of the ballot , and on these grounds it was intended to propose an engagement to the individuals for a certain time , and to bind them to do permanent duty in their own counties for a certain number of days . This obligation he hoped would not be considered hard , at a time when the prospect of being able to continue the occupations of industry depended on every man 's being able to defend the seat of that industry with arms in his hands . It was intended to allow no substitutes . This force was not like the moveable militia , which taking men for years away from their homes and establishments , would often be ruinous to families , unless substitution were allowed . A few days service within his county would be no hardship to any man , and if every one was allowed to come into the market for a substitute , the most ruinous consequences to the country would be felt in the enormous rise of the bounties , as in the instance of the provisional cavalry , in which , though the service was within the county , and to one particular period of the year , the price of substitutes rose to 50 or 60 guineas . It was , therefore , thought right to allow no substitutes . But , in order to prevent the injurious confusion of the highest with the lowest ranks , some mitigation should be admitted , and he proposed to follow the example of the right hon . gent . opposite , by allowing the party to retire on paying a fine of such magnitude as to discourage the having recourse to it , except in very strong cases . He would wish to encourage the service of persons of rank as officers : conceiving there were many persons who would enter into this service voluntarily , he proposed that such offers should be received , and that the ballot should be enforced only where there were no offers , no selection by the parish officers . He would not