) they come to support your empire , and also to share your privileges as freemen , now when Austria has turned against you , when Russia is no longer your friend , when Prussia has ceased to exist as a power—they now wish to share your glory , to share the constitution , and , in case of necessity , to go to the grave with 572 you with arms in their hands ! This is their prayer , and it is on these grounds that I move to refer the Petition to a Committee of the whole house . I move it on the ground of national justice , and shall conclude with two wishes—First : That you may long preserve your liberties ; next , that you may never survive the loss of them . After Mr. Grattan had sat down , some minutes elapsed before any member rose . A cry of Question ! Question ! then ensued , when Mr. Maurice Fitzgerald rose . The cry still continued , and strangers were ordered to withdraw : they were shortly after re-admitted , and we found Mr. Secretary Canning on his less , endeavouriniy to address the chair , amidst loud cries of hear ! order ! chair ! began by observing , that whenever a question of such magnitude as the present was brought before the house , it was in the greatest degree desirable that the deliberation upon such a question should be conducted in a manner best calculated.—Here the right hon . secretary was interrupted by a general cry of order ! chair ! rose and said , that he felt it to be his duty to answer the appeal that had been made to the chair . He did think , that until the numbers which were the result of any division had been announced from the chair , the question was open to debate . then proceeded to enforce the necessity of moderation and good temper in the discussion of a question like the present . The right hon . mover was himself an example of the moderation he so much recommended ; and he trusted that the same temperate manner which had marked the right hon . gent . 's conduct that night , would , for the remainder of it , influence all that might be said on either side of the house , during the remainder of the debate.—Here the cry of chair ! order ! was renewed ; when again rose , and said , that he had to the best of his judgment given his opinion , and that he was willing to appeal to the house ; or , if he was in error , to request their instructions . then continued , and observed , that if he and his colleagues wished to go to a silent vote on this question , it was certainly not from any want of disposition to shew respect to the right hon . gent . who had brought forward the business in so able , eloquent , and can- 573 did a manner , but rather from a perfect coincidence in some of the sentiments most particularly impressed by the right hon . gent , and a desire to give the vote he should feel it his duty to give , in the manner most consistent with the right hon . gent . 's recommendation . Whoever should come in aid of the right hon . gent . could certainly not be looked forward to as a more powerful antagonist . There were many strong reasons why the extension of this discussion should not be wished for . He did not know what sensation of triumph was felt by the noble lord opposite ( earl Temple . ) If the noble lord had any more eloquent speech to bring forward , he left him to enjoy the anticipation of it . Of the solidity of the triumph the house would soon have an opportunity of judging . If his majesty 's ministers saw no prospect of a successful issue to the question before the house , and but