performed , and by the disbursements which the establishments effected by him must have required . The account so made out Mr. Palmer passed . Was this done in secret ? Why , then , should Mr. Hasker , a clerk in the office , have been called in ? Was there turpitude 965 in the transaction ? With whom then did it originate ? the deputy . Who was to be the loser if the account should not be made up ? the deputy . Who furnished the whole statement of facts ? the deputy . Yet an accusation made a long time after to the Postmaster General by that deputy , in consequence of his having quarrelled with his principal , of an account 's having been so incorrectly made up , is received from that person who did reap advantage from the business , as decisive testimony against the probity of Mr. Palmer , who could not draw a possible benefit from the transaction ! But , says the noble lord , the consciousness of impropriety is evident from Mr. Palmer 's own expression in one of the letters , that this was the most aukward account he had laid before the board . Who , upon a moment 's reflection , ( which I. am sorry the noble lord did not give to it ) , but must perceive , that this phrase was a just reprehension , though gently conveyed , to the inattention of his deputy . And did the Post-master General , prejudiced avowedly against Mr. Palmer , ever put such a construction upon that letter ? I say he could not have done it . If he had , he must have regarded the whole transaction as fraudulent . Did he so ? There is direct proof against the fact : for lord Walsingham in the evidence acquits Mr. Palmer of having any private interest of his own in making up this account Had the transaction been fraudulent , all the parties concerned in it must have been subjected to the deserved reprobation of the Post Master General . Yet Mr. Hasker , one of those who made up the account , was so far from being censured , that he has since been promoted to a situation of much greater trust and emolument , he has been , I doubt not , becomingly so promoted ; for , I repeat , there was not any thing in the business to excite even a transient suspicion of malversation . Then it is said , that Mr. Palmer desires his deputy to pass an account which he at the same time describes as a shameful imposition . Good heaven ! would not one suppose that the noble lord reckoned upon our never having read the documents from which he reasons ; or , what is more probable , that he never read them himself . What is it that Mr. Palmer consents shall be paid ? A debt intailed by the Post Master General through an unfitting interference with Mr. Palmer 's contracts ; a debt which could not attach on Mr. Palmer ; a debt which Mr. Palmer had but to refuse sanctioning , 966 if he wanted to expose and distress the Post Master General whom he is represented as treating with such hostility . When I speak of the Post Master General ( lord Walsingham ) , it is with the sentiment which every man who knows him must entertain of him ; with the truest respect for his private virtues , and with the obligation which I must feel in common with every other of your lordships , for the indefatigable exertions of that noble lord in the committees of this house ; exertions so important for the security of the rights and properties of individuals as to entitle the noble lord to the ' gratitude of the country for the manner in which he discharges his functions . That noble lord I am confident , naturally incensed as he has been at the language held by Mr. Palmer , never for a moment thought of putting on this