that I wish the house to go into a Committee on the Petitions , and to come to a resolution approving of the proposition I submit , and it is the more necessary , because it has been contended , not that the danger will arise , but that it now really exists . Here , then , is a power to be vested in his majesty which must operate to do away the danger complained of , by destroying the influence of Bonaparte , if such influence actually exists . If this be not acceded to , it will then be for those who , under such circumstances as they have charged , wish to persevere in their hostility and exclusion , to state broadly and roundly their reasons , for such perseverance—a perseverance which can only tend to make the king weak as to the Church , and the constitution weak as to the Catholic body . The proposition will make a double connection—the two churches will be as one , and the king at the head . By these means all danger will be removed , the moral and political entirety of his majesty 's dominions will be established ; the constitution will be invigorated and strengthened by connecting the Catholics with the parliament , and the king with the Catholic clergy , by the interference which he must of course exercise in consequence of the appointment.—Having considered this subject upon general grounds , I shall now proceed to examine it with respect to its application to Great Britain and Ireland . The Petition which has this night been presented in opposition to the prayer of the Catholics , has attempted to ground its hostility upon the principles recognized at the Revolution . Admit such a principle , and you make that glorious occurrence fatal to its own interests . It has been objected , that the claims of the Catholics are inconsistent with the Declaration of flights , and the oath prescribed by that instrument If so , why then the Revolu- 558 tion which established the liberties of this country , and from which you derive such blessings , was pregnant with illiberality to Ireland , and the Declaration of Rights was fatal to its own interests . But I deny that any fundamental law exists against the extension of every civil and political immunity to Catholic subjects , consistent with the security of the empire . If there be any such fundamental law , show me whore it is . It certainly does not exist in the assumed power of the two branches of the legislature in 1742 . On that occasion it passed by a vote of both houses of parliament , an act of power assuming the legislative authority ! It was afterwards sanctioned in 1761 , by a resolution in a similar manner , without becoming an act of the legislature . To be sure it then had a formal act to sanction the measure , but that was an act of oppression , which could not bind the Irish legislature . The act of king William , which re-enacted this provision , was also an act of oppression , and it was not till the year 1782 that the effects of these provisions , and the oaths they enjoined , were done away by a bill introduced by an hon . friend of mine , into the Irish parliament . But I not only contend that there is no fundamental law to sanction this exclusion , I also contend that it is a violation of a constitutional principle . It is certainly true , that the succession to the crown was , at the Revolution , limited to the Protestant branches , but it is not to be thence inferred , that persons professing a different faith , are in consequence to be excluded from filling offices in the state , and rendered incapable of sitting and voting in parliament . The principle of that provision is at direct variance with the assumed inference . The principle of the provision is founded on this ground , that the executive shall