root of the existing evil ; because it did not reach what appeared to him to be the real causes of the present state of Ireland . He also felt himself irresistibly called upon to oppose it by his veneration for those principles which produced the Reformation , and the Revolution , which placed the illustrious house of Brunswick upon the throne , and which must ever constitute the solid security for the civil and religious liberties of the United Kingdom . said , that he could not let a moment pass , as soon as he had caught the attention of their lordships , until he had met and combated the opinion of the noble viscount in the outset of his speech , where he had taken upon him to assert , that there was in the petition , or in the manner or the time of its being presented , something that would justify a suspicion of the loyalty or public spirit of the catholics of Ireland . They had come forward in no underhand way , nor had they pressed their claims in any intemperate language . They had , in the most respectful manner , submitted to this house a manly statement of the grievances they laboured under , and asked to be relieved from them . What , then , his noble friend could have seen in that petition , or the circumstances of it , that could have warranted such an imputation , he was totally at a loss to conceive . The noble viscount had further objected , that the prayer of the petition was circumscribed , and related only to few and partial exemptions . He was of a very different opinion . He could not be brought to think , that the disabilities under which the catholics at present laboured , were either few in number , or partial in operation . But the noble viscount was apprehensive , that if even the present claims of the catholics were acceded to , they would not stop here . While that body was excluded from the participation of any of the rights and privileges of a British subject , he not only thought that they would not stop there , but that they ought not . The noble viscount had extolled the constitution , and was it unnatural that those who were so long witnessing its benefits should be anxious to share in it ? Was it not an ambition natural to the mind of every Briton ? and while the noble viscount poured out such eulogiums on the glorious Revolution , how 673 could he consider it a light and partial evil to be deprived of any of the blessings of which it was the cause ? But it was contended , that the prayer , if complied with , tended necessarily to the subversion of the constitution ; and this danger was to be illustrated by a most extravagant supposition of a case barely possible and most improbable—the appointment of a Catholic to the office of chancellor . Why , it was certainly true , that the king might , if he pleased , appoint his groom to be his chancellor ; but this he imagined , that the royal discretion would be as effectual a preventive against such an appointment as any law of parliament could be . He was as much attached to the church as any noble lord , and he did think , with his noble friend who spoke last , that , the church was so rooted in the state , that it was impossible to affect the one without injuring the other ; but with respect to the penal code , he could not agree with his noble friend , that the principles which gave rise to that code were the result of religious differences . He had always looked upon them rather as the effect of political precaution . He severely deprecated the language of his noble friend , which , though not intended to be so , might be attended with mischievous effects . The present was not a time to alienate