station . He was anxious , in proof of this , to call the attention of the house to sir Richard 's letter , dated the 21st Dec. and not received till the 30th . `` We have been driven off and have only just got hold of the land . Nothing material has occurred . We have had very tempestuous weather . '' He then cited sir Richard 's next letter of the 25th Dec. mentioning the reduced state of the provisions , and stating , that `` the weather has been such , we have not been able to apportion the remains of provisions to each ship . '' He next cited an extract from sir Richard 's letter to lord Gardner , dated the 28th Dec. off Rochebonnes , in which he says , `` I inclose the state of the squadron on the 23d , since which , the weather has prevented much communication . '' On the 4th of January , sir Richard , when stationed ten leagues off Belleisle , wrote that since the Emerald and Eurydice had parted in chace , they had had constant gales ; and on the 22d of Jan. , the admiralty received a letter from sir Richard , dated the 16th , then lying ten leagues south-west of the Rochebonnes , in which he states , that the Superb and Mediator joined on the 12th , the Lavinia on the 14th , and the Colossus yesterday ; and adds , `` but it was not till this morning that the weather would permit us to communicate by boats . '' This then was sir R. Strachan versus the hon . gent , and let the house decide between the two authorities . The hon . gent . then proceeded to shew , by a variety of documents which he cited , that sir Richard was compelled to abandon his position by the weather , and not by want of provisions ; and concluded , by admitting that the facts contained in the hon . gent . 's Resolutions were , generally speaking , correct ; but he denied the inference from them . The last resolution , which that hon . gent . had candidly submitted to his inspection , and which he had declared his intention of moving , should those at present before the house be assented to , contained a most direct and positive censure on the board of admiralty , couched in the strongest terms of reprobation . As he , therefore , considered all the preliminary Resolutions as vehicles for the last , he should move the previous question on them , and meet the last with a direct negative . Above all things he deprecated any delay in the decision of the house on the subject . Let us have it out now , added the hon . gent , my situation is not a sinecure , and I am unwilling that any proportion of my time should be uselesly diverted from the public service . If , however , the hon . gent , is determined , to fight another day , I am ready to meet him ; but I can assure the house , that from the first agitation of this business , I have felt considerable uneasiness ; not from the slightest apprehension as to the result , but because I was aware that I should be drawn off from that which is the immediate object of my anxiety and ambition . totally differed from the hon . gent , who had just sat down , both as to the facts themselves , and the inferences which he drew from them : he read extracts from many different letters on the table , by which he shewed that the fleet off Rochfort were very badly provided , and could not have followed the enemy move than three or four days . The power of dispatching ships to relieve sir R. Strachan , it was plain , was not vested in lord Gardner ; else he surely would not have sent off five different and anxious letters to the