All this was right and judicious enough . If he had any complaint against them , it was , that although they had never themselves asked for or appeared to warrant an enquiry , they had repeatedly , by insinuations and collateral arguments , endeavoured to produce a feeling against his majesty 's late government , which it was impossible that at the time they could combat . He alluded particularly to the observations of the right hon . secretary of state for the foreign department , who , in a moment , certainly not of deliberation , but of violence and impetuosity , had accused the late administration of conduct , of which the official documents in his possession must have convinced him that they were innocent . That right hon . gent , had complained that his majesty 's late government , at the requisition of the court of Petersburgh , made a diversion in the south of Europe , with ships without troops , when that requisition was for both ships and troops . No argument was necessary on this occasion . Let the house look at the papers on the table , and they 478 would perceive , that so far from the Expedition to Constantinople arising out of any such regulation from the court of Petersburgh as that alluded to , it originated in the negociation that was carried on by Mr. Arbuthnot at Constantinople itself . He did not mean to follow the hon . mover of the present question at any great length , because without meaning any disrespect to him , he did not think that there was a man in the house who would adopt the line of argument pursued by the hon . gent . The right of interference between Russia and Turkey , which G. Britain possessed , was indisputable . Both the treaty of 1799 , and that which followed the peace of Jassy , had for their object to connect in one bond of union the three countries . By the Convention entered into between Russia and Turkey , on the 21st of March , 1800 , the passage of the Bosphorus , with troops , military stores , & c. was reciprocally secured to each power . When , therefore , this Convention was violated on the part of the Ottoman Porte , was it necessary to point out the policy which induced the British government to maintain the rights and interests of Russia unjustly attacked ? In doing so , the late administration had only followed tip the line of conduct pursued for a long course of years by their predecessors , who had thought , that it was the interest of G. Britain to support and extend her connection with Russia . That the government immediately preceding the last were unequivocally of this opinion , was evident from the three documents to that effect upon the table . Thirty documents instead of three might have been laid on the table to prove this , but , doubtless , it was conceived by his majesty 's present ministers that those produced were amply sufficient.—Passing over the deposition of the Hospodars , the representations made by Mr. Arbuthnot of the growing influence of France in Turkey , & c. he would call the particular attention of the house to the Note from Sebastiani , the French minister , which the hon . gent , had said appeared to him to contain much solid reasoning and nothing objectionable . That it contained nothing objectionable to a French ear , he did not doubt , but that a member of the British parliament should express himself ; in such a manner with respect to it , was a circumstance that he confessed he could not have believed had he not witnessed it . This note was full of the violence and insolence which abounded in the numerous 479 compositions of French diplomacy . The writer declared , `` that if in the difficult circumstances of the times , the Ottoman Porte did not form the decision which her interests required , he should have ere long to lament