for that purpose . Now , this is a strange mode of shewing his wish for the encouragement of that education . He acknowledged that he refused to grant the prayer of the petition , with prodigious pain to himself , and yet he loaded the Catholics with all sorts of epithets . I never saw a request denied to a suppliant with more apparent coldness and indifference in all my life . But he told us , there were circumstances and occasions when it was very unfit to discuss questions of this sort , and that they were attended with infinite mischief , because he is convinced that the majority of the people of this country , and of Scotland , are 606 against this question . Is he convinced , too , that the majority of the people of G. Britain are to remain at all times of the same opinion with regard to it ? Is he persuaded too , that the best method he can adopt , in order to induce the people of England to agree to the Irish claims , is to withdraw those claims and not permit them to be discussed ? If the house be of opinion that they are reasonable claims , then ought it to encourage them to prefer them ; if it be of opinion that these claims can only prove prejudicial to the country , even then there is the best reason afforded for repeated discussion , in order to shew their impropriety . For can reason conquer prejudice but by discussion ; and how can improvement be introduced without debate ? Does he mean to say that no part of what the Catholics require can be yielded to them ? [ Here Mr. Wilberforce shook his head . ] I do not really know how to interpret the hon . gent , when he shakes his head , but this I am sure of , that the oftner the question is argued , the sooner will they obtain , what must in the end be yielded to them . Were they not to appeal to parliament at all , or to enlighten the people of this country , how are they to attain what they require ? Does he believe the people of this country will acquiesce the more readily in their claim , if that claim be unaccompanied by discussion . The hon . gent , is a man of sense and experience , and docs he suppose that so great a part of the population of the country will ever consent to a contumelious refusal of what they think a reasonable claim ? It has been said that this was to be made a party question . I never heard so much nonsense as has been said upon this particular point ; I have heard many people in this country say , 'Oh ! were it not for the agitation of this question in parliament , and also the motives of some individuals wishing to bring it on , and afterwards wishing it to be kept back , we should hear nothing at all of the Catholics of Ireland . ' It is impossible to imagine that so stupid a notion could be encouraged . It is really the greatest degree of absurdity and fatuity that I ever witnessed in the conduct of mankind in my life , to imagine that so great a body as the Catholics of Ireland can know no good reason why they should not be admitted to those privileges which they see others enjoying , and to imagine they can be kept back from asserting their claims , merely from the interference of this or the other 607 party . A right hon . gent . has said , that the late administration wished to keep back their claims when they were in office : and when they were out of it , they wished to encourage their being brought forward . He is not right , however , in this assertion . I know of no man that either wished to keep it back when in office , nor