say where was now the liberality of which the government had to boast ; and he appealed to him , whether the language of the gentleman alluded to , was not most vilifying and disgraceful ? expressed his abhorrence of the language used by Dr. Duigenan , declaring that never words were uttered so dangerous , abominable , and false ; or so likely to separate the kingdom and to deluge it in blood . Of the religion of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wilberforce ) he had at times been inclined to think well , but if bigotry and Protestantism had so much blinded him that he could not see that the catholics worshipped the same God with himself , his was not a religion in which he ( Mr . B . ) would either wish to live , or be content to die . wished simply to ask the right hon . gent . opposite , whether the learned gentleman who had been alluded to was of the Privy Council of Ireland , or was about to be ? did not believe the order to that effect had gone over . was sure the right hon . gent . would not quibble with him on this point . It was nothing to say the order was not gone ; did the right hon . gent , believe it would go ? had no hesitation to say , that the lord lieutenant had recommended that the learned gent . should be made a member of the privy council ; and the reason of that recommendation was , that the learned gent . 's presence was absolutely necessary for the dispatch of the ecclesiastical affairs , which were so considerable n part of the business of the Privy Council . The house then divided on the question , that the Resolution be read a second time . Ayes 106 ; Noes 82.—On the question that the Resolution be finally agreed to being put , Mr. Tierney moved , that it be postponed to a future day , in order that all the cabinet ministers might be present ; the numbers upon this were , Ayes 82 ; Noes 112.—The other orders were postponed , and the house adjourned . rose , agreeably to notice , to move for certain papers to elucidate the real state of the Affairs of the East India Company . He said , he should shortly state his reasons for making the motions with which it was his intention to conclude . Last year a petition had been presented for leave to borrow two millions on bonds , and about a fortnight ago a petition was presented asking a loan of the public money to the extent of 1,200,000l . It was with the statement contained in that petition , of the ability of the Company to pay this loan , that he now rose to find fault . It contained a ma- 129 nifest deception ; whether meant by the Company or not , it was not his intention to say . The house and the public , however , were entitled to be set right on this head . The petition stated , that there was a deficiency for the year of 2,400,000l . ; although , in fact , as appeared from a paper laid on the table of the house , the deficiency was 3,000,000l . As an inducement to the country to grant this loan of 1,200,000l. , the petition stated that the Company would have a surplus , after paying all their debts , to the amount of 8,000,000l . Supposing this to be correct , it was only the home account which was alluded to , whereas the foreign also should have been taken into consideration ; when , in fact , instead of a surplus , there would have been a deficit of 12,000,000l . When he said this , he said it as a member of the committee , and he spoke from a document laid before the committee . It was for the Company to explain why , in these circumstances , and