examined the subject and who had qualified themselves to decide upon it , are retired and gone , judging , as well they might , that the business was over , and their attendance no longer necessary . If their places are in any instances supplied , it is by gentlemen , many of whom we have the pleasure of seeing now for the first time since the commencement of the session , and who , having been brought to town unexpectedly , by business no doubt of their own , are just in time to correct this abominable decision , which their colleagues , deliberately indeed but most unadvisedly , had come to . I must , however for my part , formally enter my protest both against their judgment and their jurisdiction . I must both affirm the propriety of the former decision , and utterly deny their competency to reverse it , in the circumstances in which they are placed , even though the former decision should in the first instance 1022 have been ever so objectionable . At this rate , however decided the majority and deliberate the discussion , there is no determination , which the house can have come to during the course of a session , that may not be set aside at the end of it . I protest against the measure proposed , as one of the most disgraceful to the present character of the house , and dangerous by its example , that the house could well be called upon to adopt . observed , that this appeared to him a question wholly independent of the merits of Mr. Palmer 's case . Acts of appropriation , he thought , ought not to be loaded with any extraneous votes . He must acknowledge , that he had not investigated the particulars of Mr. Palmer 's case , and was therefore unable to form a judgment of its merits . Great difference of opinion had not only prevailed upon the subject of this vote in that house , but out of doors ; and it was his opinion , that the other branch of the legislature should not be deprived of the opportunity of unrestrained judgment upon the measure . The hon . gent . then entered into a justification of the grant to the duke of Athol , and concluded with expressing a wish that the business should undergo every proper discussion . —Sir , I never rose to submit my observations on any question before the house with greater feelings of concern , or indignation , than I now do on the very extraordinary speech and motion of my right hon . friend . Before I enter on the subject of it I can not avoid making some observations on the consistency and liberality of the hon . gent . who has just sat down . He prefaced his speech with the acknowledgment 'that he had not been able to investigate the particulars of Mr. Palmer 's case , and was therefore unable to form any judgment of its merits , ' and yet after this confession , the hon . gent . has had the candour and justice to give a decided opinion on a case , on the particulars of which he has avowed his ignorance . The hon . gent . can not take it amiss , that I am not inclined to give much weight , or to pay much respect to an opinion so formed . But the hon . member is certainly correct in observing that these merits and claims ( on which , however , he has stept out of the way to pass his judgment ) can not affect the vote of to-night , for as the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Windham ) has observed , whatever may be the event of the present motion , those claims 1023 will remain unshaken , that debt for ever due to Mr. Palmer by the recognition of this house . The question this night to be decided is , the unwarrantable conduct of his majesty 's ministers . Sir