the argument , if such it can be called , of the dangers likely to arise With respect to the settlement of property ill Ireland , in consequence of admitting the catholics to political power . I know that considerable alarm has been excited in consequence of a map which contained an account of the distribution of property among the ancient landed proprietors of Ireland . The fact was however , that this map , which is to be found in the auditor 's office , was drawn up by sir William Petty , for the use of the then government , a copy of which had by some means been preserved in France a copy of that copy had been obtained by a person in the service of government , and retained as matter of history ; and this was the source of that publication , which created so much unnecessary alarm . There are but few Catholics who could claim by ancient descent , if that claim were even to be allowed , but there certainly are many proprietors of land who hold by recent purchase . Now , to shew the house that the share which the Catholics have in the landed property of Ireland is not so small as is supposed , I will state that the rental of one noble earl alone , is 30,000l . a-year ; therefore it is a gross mistake to estimate the whole of lands held by Catholics at 65,000l . per annum ; their proportion is from 500,000l . to a million , in fee simple . Is a revolution in landed property , then , to be apprehended from persons thus circumstanced ? —Then it is said that danger is to be apprehended from the tenantry.—To this I reply , that they are in a situation of poverty , from which it is utterly impossible they can emerge , and can not be formidable to the landed proprietors . They can only take possession of the land by force of arms , or by force of laws , which must be enacted for that purpose . If there be any such settlements as those which have been circulated , I beg leave to ask , where are the lawyers who drew them up ? Besides , the title of the tenantry in general depends upon protestant landlords . The relief which the petition prays will not add to the physical strength of the Catholics , but will rather operate as a reason for exercising that strength in aid of the state . Before they come into parliament they must have that property—therefore , to say that the introduction of a bill for removing those disabi- 564 lities would go to alter the state of property , is a futile sort of reasoning . The absurdity of dreading as a consequence , that which must first exist as the cause of that dread , is truly ridiculous . In order to stop divisions , dangerous in the event of invasion by the enemy , now so much to be dreaded , the Protestant inhabitants of several counties , sensible that their establishment and the state could not be defended without the aid of Catholics , have presented petitions in their favour . There are not less than nine counties in all , which have shewn this noble example of liberality and sound policy . The counties of Clare and Galway have had meetings convened by their sheriffs , at which they passed resolutions expressing their ardent wishes for an admission of their Catholic brethren to the benefits of the constitution . In the counties of Tipperary , Kilkenny , Roscommon , Waterford , and Meath , and in the town of Newry , resolutions have been passed , not formally by the Protestant gentry and inhabitants , but by the great bulk of the landed proprietors ; these recommendations were not owing to the influence of liberality and confidence merely—not to the absence of all suspicion of an intention to invade the landed property at a more convenient season , but to the stronger and more immediate feeling of