I can not conceal that a kind of negociation has been carrying on between my right hon . friend opposite ( Mr. Canning ) and myself , in the course of which , my right hon . friend expressed his wish that I would put off my motion for this evening , because I the distinguished persons who have lately come over to England to represent to the British government the state and disposition of their native country , are at this very moment partaking of the hospitalities of his mansion . Sir , I allow that this was a strong reason on the part of my right hon . friend for desiring a postponement of this business ; for I believe , with all my right hon . friend 's public spirit and enthusiasm , that he has no very great inclination to lose a good dinner . But as my right hon . friend has detached a very able gene- 887 ral ( sir Arthur Wellesley ) to represent him at his house , I feel less reluctant at thus intruding on his patience , and shall therefore proceed , only expressing my hope , that that gallant officer may soon be detached on a more serious service ; that he may soon be sent into Spain to represent in that country the enthusiasm of England in her cause . In the first place , sir , I wish to correct an idea which has gone abroad , that I entertained the folly , the presumption , the ill-judgment , and the bad taste of wishing to teach his majesty 's ministers how to conduct themselves in the existing circumstances . All I desire , sir , is to win the attention of the house to the present situation of Spain . Having communicated the tenor of my motion on a former evening to my right hon . friend opposite , and my intention not having been disapproved by my right hon . friend , I own I was surprised to find that his right hon . and learned colleague imagined that my motion would tend to embarrass his majesty 's government . After the communication to which I have alluded , I expected that he would give me credit for having no such object in view . On the other hand , I experienced something like rebuke from my hon . friend near me ( Mr. Whitbread ) , who seemed to think that I was going to bring forward a motion which was to save administration from all responsibility on the subject . Now really , sir , this was a most unfortunate outset on my part . I meant to do neither the one thing nor the other . And here I must say , that although no man living more highly respects the political probity and ability of my hon . friend , as well as the estimable qualities of his private character , yet when he gets up to rebuke me for doing that which appears to me to be my duty , I am free to confess , while I applaud his judgment—his understanding—the deliberation with which he decides on questions of importance—that if there be any one point in his character on which I should not be disposed to dwell with the greatest satisfaction , it would be his deference to the opinions of others , or his doubt with respect to his own . I am placed , sir , in this dilemma ; that while my hon . friend accuses me of a disposition to cover administration , the right hon . and learned chancellor of the exchequer suspects me of an intention to do it all the mischief in my power . Sir , I may be wrong ; I am far from wishing ministers to embark in any cash and romantic enterprise in favour of 888 Spain ; but , sir , if the enthusiasm and animation , which now exists in a part of Spain , should spread over the whole of that country , I am convinced that since the first burst of the French