to any hon . gentlemen who have read the Evidence upon which this Report is founded . In doing this , sir , I presume not for a moment to prevent other hon . gentlemen from offering their sentiments ; particularly those to whom I feel so highly indebted for the pains they have taken in the investigation of this business , and that time and attention they bestowed upon it in the Committee . But having , as I hope , made myself master of the subject , I think an earlier reply on my part than I believe is customary with the mover of a question , may tend , perhaps , in some measure , to shorten this discussion ; and should I be so fortunate as to answer such objections to the satisfaction of the house , I am sure the advocates in the cause will not regret any trouble I may be the means of saving them in its defence , nor feel the less inclined , in case of failure on my part , to render me that assistance I may stand in need of . The Report of the Committee having been read , Major Palmer submitted the following Resolution : viz . `` That this house is of opinion that Mr. Palmer is entitled to the sum of £ . 1,500 a year , together with £ . 2 . 10s . per cent . on the net revenue of the Post Office exceeding the sum of £ . 240,000 ; to be paid up from the 5th of April 1793 , and during his life , according to the provisions of his Appointment of 1789 ; deducting the sum of £ . 3000 a year received subsequent to the 5th of April 1793 . '' rose and said : —I can not avoid acknowledging , that I feel very great astonishment at the house being now called upon to express their sentiments upon an arrangement which they had specifically decided upon several years before , and which I have always considered to be a transaction perfectly satisfactory to the public mind . A Committee was appointed in 1797 , upon whose Report parliament 163 decided against the merits of a Petition precisely similar to this , and I can not conceive upon what grounds the hon . gent . hopes that the present house of commons will act so inconsistently with their former opinion as to agree to the present motion . The grounds of their former decision were , that Mr. Palmer had failed in the performance of his agreement . Mr. P. was hound to fulfil the duties of the station in the Post Office to which he had been appointed ; he failed in that respect , and upon that failure he was removed . Mr. P. was first suspended for refusing to obey the orders of the Post-Masters General , for endeavouring to throw the Post Office into confusion , to create unnecessary expence , and to render the delivery of letters late . [ Here the right hon . gent . read various extracts from Mr. Palmer 's Correspondence with his Deputy Mr . Bonnor . ( a ) ] —During the many years which I have had the honour to possess a eat in this house , it has seldom , if ever , fallen to my lot , to witness a Claim brought forward with a more ingratiating propriety of manner , than that which has just been introduced by the hon . gent . Indeed , so powerfully has that manner interested my feelings , that nothing but the most imperious sense of my public duty could now induce me to rise as his opponent . It is strictly correct , as my right hon . friend ( Mr. Long ) has already stated , that Mr. Pitt , upon his immediate acceptance of Mr. Palmer 's Plan , did think he had concluded a very advantageous bargain for the country , and that he did also think the inventor of the Plan intitled to the perfect fulfilment of his Agreement for that