the year with a measure that would endanger their passing the other house ? The proposition upon which the grant rested , was one on which not only the present house of commons entertained a difference of opinion , but a former house of commons had rejected . And there was as much reason to think , that any other assembly would differ from the present house of commons , as that the former house of commons had differed from it . If ever there had been a case in which the grant should be carried into effect by a separate act , it was the present . He should ask any hon . member to shew any case in which two votes founded upon the same principle , had been carried into effect , one by a separate bill , the other by insertion in the appropriation act . If there was no similar case , then this was a new case , and it was competent to the house to exercise its discretion upon it . The house would therefore decide , whether under all the circumstances of the case it would prefer the separate or the general appropriation act . He should move that a bill be brought in pursuant to the resolution of the committee of supply . rose and said—Sir ; after the indulgence I experienced from the house on the first discussion of this subject , it was not my intention to have obtruded further on their notice ; but the many debates which have since occurred , with the motion now made by the right hon . gent . will , I trust , apologize for the observations I presume to offer . I beg leave to remind the house , that this claim was renewed , in the first instance , by a petition , which had induced his maj. 's late administration to consent to the appointment of a committee to examine the evidence upon Mr. Palmer 's Agreement with government , taken by a previous committee in the year 1797 , and to report their observations ; that the late chancellor of the exchequer ( lord H. Petty ) , had proposed the selection of this committee , consisting of the members for counties , principal manufacturing towns , the gentlemen of the long robe and merchants , as being the most competent to decide on the merits of the case , and to make a well grounded , impartial , and every way satisfactory report to the house . The change of administration prevented this appointment at the moment ; but , at the meeting of the new parliament , the petition was again received , and the approbation of the present chancellor of the exchequer given for the adoption of the same measure recommended by his predecessor . A committee , thus constituted and appointed , accordingly sat , and after a deliberate investigation of the Evidence laid before them , with the examination of further evidence , made their report . Mr. Palmer , flattering himself that the report of this committee , so selected , could not but be approved , was much surprised and mortified to learn the disapprobation of the chancellor of the exchequer , and from this consideration , in the hope that , during the recess , the right hon . gent . might have the leisure to examine more fully into the merits of the case , Mr. Palmer was advised , and consented to a temporary postponement of his claim.—I am now , sir , to state my own conduct in this affair . On being returned to parliament at the commencement of the present session , I did myself the honour of waiting on the chancellor of the exchequer to learn his sentiments previous to any notice of a motion on the subject . Upon this occasion the right hon . gent . candidly told me , that he should oppose the measure ; but on my remonstrating with him on the hardship of Mr. Palmer 's 1016 case , that from having contracted with the government of the