of the services of the privates of such corps from the volunteer force to the local militia.—Another clause he meant to propose , was to enable persons , whose circumstances might oblige them to transfer their residence from one county to another , to transfer also their services from the local militia of one county if they should be serving in it , to the local militia of the other . He had also a clause to propose , which would contain a provision for granting the same facilities of support to the families of persons in the local militia , whose labour was necessary for the support of their families , as were at present enjoyed by volunteers of the same description , when they went out on permanent duty . This would not bring any burthen upon the parishes , because , though , as in the case of volunteers , the charge would in the first instance be advanced by the parish , it was afterwards to be refunded by the receiver general of the county . He was not aware of any other point which it was necessary for him to state to the house , but one general regulation , which he had always in his contemplation , and of which he was sure the house would readily perceive the expediency , namely , to place these corps , when called out , under the superintendance of officers of the line . Every gentleman must instantly be aware of the important advantages , in point of practical and professional improvement , that must result from the adoption of such an arrangement . Having thus explained the nature of the alterations which he meant to introduce into the bill in the committee , he should now move the order of the day for the second reading of the bill . expressed his hope that in the committee the noble lord would introduce some clause to remedy the gross injustice suffered by those who were serving by substitute in the army of reserve , and had since been ballotted into the militia , and obliged to serve in person . There were several who had expended the fruits of all their earnings in providing a substitute in the army of reserve , at the expence of forty or fifty guineas , and who having afterwards been drawn for the militia , had not the means of procuring another substitute , and were consequently obliged to 102 serve personally . These were comparatively few in number , but it was extremely desirable and just , that they should be allowed to withdraw from the militia . In his county persons of that description had not been subjected to the ballot , because it had been thought that it had never been intended by the legislature . He hoped therefore , that the noble lord would provide for this case of hardship in the committee , because a clause to that effect would come much better from him or his friends than from any other member.—The question being now put , that the bill be read a second time , said , there never was a period in the history of this country , wherein any man could have a better opportunity to immortalize his name than by the establishment of an efficient system of defence and security , menaced as we were by the combined hostilities of united Europe , urged on by the ambition and resentments of a too successful and implacable foe . He clearly saw that the object of the noble lord in the present bill was to repair that breach in the national strength , occasioned by a decay in the volunteering spirit of the people , by which he was compelled to the necessity of adopting the only means of organizing the whole physical strength of the country , namely , that of raising a force by ballot . It was very possible the bill might not be every thing which could be wished ; but he approved of the principle ; and if nothing better could be offered , he should give