the Bank of Ireland be continued as a corporation till the 1st of Jan. 1837. objected to the resolution , on the ground that he disapproved of the principle of borrowing money from the bank whilst the restriction of specie existed , and he thought this a bad money-bargain for the public . replied , that this million was to be raised by the bank proprietors or from subscribers , and would be bona fide an . increase of their renewal . The motive of the renewal of the charter was not with a view to any money bargain , but to secure the existence or the company , to discount at five per cent , for the public . objected to the renewal of the charter , because it would remove the transactions of the bank out of the controul of parliament . stated , that the committee whose report he had had the honour to submit to the house , were of opinion that the benefit to be attached to the paper of the national banks of England and Ireland , by its exclusive credit , was not expedient to be continued longer than the exigency of the times required . It was net fit that the hands of the legislature should be tied up , whether the circumstances of the country-were so materially changed as to throw an additional benefit into the hands of the bank or not . He thought that ten , or at most fifteen , years addition , was sufficient to be granted at present . in order to give some idea of the benefit that was to be derived from an accredited issue of paper , stated that one banking-house in Ireland set up on the price of a captain 's commission in the dragoons , and that they afterwards had afloating capital to the amount of 490,000l . Besides , he did not think that the bank of Ireland was entitled to much favour from the legislature , as at the time of the invasion at Bantry-bay , under general Hoche , they refused to advance money to govern- 702 ment , and it was by the money of a loyal individual that the army was put hi motion . maintained that the liberality and loyalty of the bank of Ireland had not any the smallest reason to be called in question . The addition was only one million Irish currency ; and the security which it gave to individuals , and the benefit to the public by the gratuitous management of its debt , were ample reasons for the renewal of its charter.—The Resolutions were then agreed to . repeated his former objections to the measure , and contended that the apprehension of scarcity was unfounded , and had arisen from the conduct of the West Indian merchants , and the discussion of this subject . He denied that the last harvest was short , and stated as a proof of that , that the price of corn was not higher than was necessary to afford a fair profit to the farmer . He contended , that if this measure were to be continued for only two years , there would not be produced the same quantity of bread corn ; that the right hon . gent , would be responsible for all the consequences , and would be the first minister to prevent by his measures the poor from being able to procure bread . He should therefore object to the measure in every stage . contended , that it was neither the growers of corn , nor the growers of sugar , that were particularly concerned , in this question . The consumers of corn , the manufacturers , and all who wished well to the country , were the persons most concerned ; and as the supply which the country had from importation for some years past was now stopped , it was the more necessary to take measures to provide for making up that supply . The agriculture of the country was not adequate to make up for that deficiency , and therefore there could be