not have said so much of the noble lord , if it had not been for that laugh of scorn which he exhibited . The question , sir , is a serious one , and I do know there are many gentlemen who think differently from the noble lord , and who wish to speak upon the subject , I hope therefore that the house will agree to adjourn the debate . .—I trust the house will yield to the motion of my honourable friend . I know many Irish members would speak , if the debate were adjourned ; and they can throw new light upon the subject . —Mr . Speaker ; I wish to put a question to the honourable gentleman , a lord of the treasury , opposite to me , and to make one or two observations connected with the object of that question . I came down , sir , to the house this day , with the intention of submitting these observations on the question for the third reading of the bill for renewing the Commission of Military Inquiry ; but though I was here before the usual hour of commencing public business , I found that the Bill had been already passed . I therefore trust that the house will indulge me but for a few moments , though I should not be strictly regular in addressing them . The question , which I wish to put to the hon . member is this , Whether it is the intention of the treasury to adopt any measure in consequence of the Fifth Report of the Commissioners of Military Inquiry , respecting the Medical Department of the Army ? And if they do mean it , I beg to suggest to them the necessity of caution and mature consideration , and of further inquiry , before they adopt the opinions and suggestions of the Commissioners . For it does happen to be within my knowledge , that , in the Report alluded to , much injustice is done to the exertions of a meritorious servant of the public ; and if I do not say much unmerited censure cast upon him , I have no hesitation in saying that much deserved praise is withheld . The person to whom I allude is Mr. Knight , who holds the two offices of Inspector Ge- 640 neral of Hospitals , and Comptroller General of Hospital Accounts . If gentlemen have read the Report , they will know that the affairs of the Medical Department of the Army were formerly conducted by a board of three medical gentlemen ; but that for some years past this board has been abolished , and the different departments of it have been divided between the three gentlemen who composed it . Mr. Knight is one of them . Now , the first thing I wish to remark is , what must strike every person who looks into the Report , namely , the confusion that seems to exist in the minds of the commissioners with respect to the office , which each of these gentlemen has in charge , for censure , is often cast upon transactions which are referred to one of them , when it is evident from another part of the Report , that he has nothing at all to do with that part of the business . But in other respects the injustice done to Mr. Knight is still more glaring . In one instance reference is made to a change lately adopted in the army with respect to hospitals ; the system of regimental hospitals having been adopted in lieu of the more expensive and less effectual system of general hospitals : —It is not denied , indeed , that the alteration has been beneficial in every point of view , economical to a great degree , and effectual in insuring the better health of the soldier , and in enabling the different regiments to bring into the field a larger proportion of their respective establishment . But what I complain of is this , that the praise is not given to the person