, the rest must go likewise . Was 237 there ever so ingenious and satisfactory an argument ? Mr. Palmer must feel half reconciled to the loss of all that he thought himself entitled to , when he finds it wrested out of his hands by such a masterly and dextrous piece of logic ! The worst of the argument is , that it will do as well the other way , and that if the parts of his grant are so connected , that they must all stand or fall together , it may be asked , why the salary should not follow the law of the percentage , as well as the percentage that of the salary ? The percentage , it is plain , was clear reward and nothing else : it was given for service past , and could not well be forfeited , in the circumstances of the case and while the public was actually enjoying the benefit of it , by any thing that should be done afterwards . It would be just as good , therefore , and in fact better argument , to say , that as the salary was in part given as matter of reward , this was a case in which office and salary was not , as in other cases , forfeited by misconduct , but should be continued in part at least , even though the party should have acted in such a way as would have amounted to a forfeiture in any other circumstances . The truer decision however is , no doubt , that the salary was forfeited , and nothing else . Mr. Palmer consented to convert a part of the property which was already his by an absolute and indefeasible right , viz . his percentage , into property of another description , and which it was fair to consider as subject to the condition by which such property is usually held . When he took an office in lieu of a part of his percentage , it might be contended , and not without plausibility , that , he took it subject to all the chances to which such office was exposed : though even there I should be inclined to maintain , that if in the number of those chances , removal at pleasure was to be included , the interpretation would be rather a hard one . But forfeiture for misconduct I should not think hard , even though it involved in it , as it does in the present instance , a loss and punishment to Mr. Palmer beyond that of the mere salary , namely , the loss of all that increase of profit which the possession of the office was likely to produce upon the great body of his income , viz . the percentage , which he still retained . This loss I think Mr. Palmer has fairly incurred in the present instance . But to extend the construction to the whole of what had been given him , and to say , that having turned one part of what he had into sa- 238 lary , the tenure of the salary was to attach instantly on all that remained , is a construction not less extravagant than if you were to extend the same to any property which he held in land or in the funds , which he had derived from bequest , or inheritance , or acquired by his private industry.—It is needless in this point of view to touch upon any topic , even if such there should be , by which the delinquency imputed to him might in any degree be extenuated or excused . Though pleas to that effect are not so entirely wanting as some may suppose , taking into consideration the means employed against him , and the little scruple felt by many of those whose arts he had to encounter , yet it is better in argument wholly to give up their part of the case , and to consider his conduct in office not only as being , what it certainly was , in the highest