they could procure . Here , then , it was proposed to make sugar a substitute for corn , which was likely to be scarce . He hoped the landed interest would not oppose so useful a plan . said , that he might have less objections than he had to the present measure , if he could be assured that it was founded upon a system of general policy , and not local interest ; for he was there , not as a man locally interested by the views of any particular place , or any one set of men , but as one of the members of parliament for the united kingdom of G. Britain and Ireland , and as such he could not see any advantage to 434 be derived from the substitution proposed , but did apprehend a great deal of mischief . The hon . baronet then adverted to the great advantage that resulted to the revenue from the grain distillery , and asked , Whether with all this profit from the landholders , besides the property tax and others , it was a wise or a just measure to throw any obstacle in the way of the cultivation of land , and to diminish its produce ? With respect to the sugar distillery , great as the injury would be to the landed interest , this boon would be productive of very little advantage to the growers of sugar . The high price of barley and other grain in Scotland , was partly owing to the great quantities that had been bought and distilled there , from an apprehension of this prohibition of distillation from grain . As to what had been said about the advantage which this prohibition would prove to the people , he observed , that he was of a totally different opinion , and in this he was supported by very high authority on the subject . As to the stoppage of foreign importation , he hoped that we might soon have an opportunity of importing from America , as we already might from our own colonies in the north of that continent . But , besides this , the measure might be made use of as a precedent for interference with the production of corn , a thing which it was most important to guard against . If any rational plan of relief could be proposed for the West Indian interests , he would gladly concur in it . But he could not consent that they should thus be relieved at the expence of a particular class of the community . The apprehension of such a measure , as this , had excited the greatest alarm throughout the country ; and it was important in every point of view that it should not receive the sanction of the legislature . He should therefore think it his duty to oppose the Speaker 's leaving the chair . , considering the great importance of this proposition , thought that it ought at least to have come from one of the ministers of the crown , who must be in a peculiar manner responsible for the effects of it . He , notwithstanding , gave credit to the noble lord , for the manner in which he had brought it forward ; but asked , how he had coma to change his opinion , and swerve from the Report in one day ? However , he would not argue from the Report , but take the proposition , as it now stood . With respect to the lodging these discretionary powers in the 435 crown , he thought that this system was attended with very bad effects , and he was by no means fond of the idea of encouraging the practice . In order to shew that the country might be sufficiently supplied with grain , he adverted to the excellent effects that had resulted from Mr. Western 's act by the increase of agriculture , he was a wise minister that assented to that act , and resisted the clamour raised against it at the time . Though the immediate