degree to common justice , and not take advantage of a trifling act of irregularity of that power which we acknowledged as independent , and violate the laws of common humanity , by hurling the monarch from his throne . This was really a case in which we were more interested for our own advantage , than for the welfare of that unfortunate prince , in whose behalf we pretended to interfere , he would ask , what were the pretences upon which we interfered with the nabob ? They were various . The first was , that he had violated the treaty with us , in refusing to procure us supplies of provisions and carriages . And from this it was inferred , that his views towards us , were hostile and declaratory of war . In his opinion , the nabob had acted in the most natural manner that a prince in his situation could do ; and he was convinced that his conduct arose from the consideration of his peculiar situation , and not from any hostile disposition towards us : he acted as others had done on similar occasions . On another occasion it was said , he refused to advance money and troops to harrass his country . Now , really , when he heard such frivolous and contemptible pretexts for such oppressive conduct , he felt disposed to arraign the understandings of those persons who urged them . He defended the nabob from the charge , that in 1773 he evinced a hostile intention to the British government , because , he did not take an active part in their wars , from motives of self-preservation and of common interest ; and contended that the nabob of Arcot 's conduct , during his intercourse with the East India government , was marked by a most faithful attachment to its interests , and by a steady adherence to the general terms of the treaties . In 1779 , when there was a confederacy entered into among the native powers of India against the India government , what was the conduct of Mahommed All ? Did he join in the confederacy , or did he even abet it ? No : the very first intimation he received of the existence of such a combination , he communicated the information to the governor general , and strongly recommended the most speedy and effectual remedy for the consequences likely to ensue . Upon the 774 subject of all these alleged charges he begged to say , that the government of India did not even think themselves justified in their conduct ; but had determined , at all hazards , to seize upon the territories of the nabob , and had even expressed their determination so to do , long before they became possessed of those documents upon which they now grounded their right of interference with that power . With respect to the interpretation put upon the language in the correspondence of the nabob , prejudicial to him , as expressive of his intention of hostility towards the India government , he remarked that that interpretation was erroneous , and too literal . For it should be remembered , that this correspondence was in the Asiatic style of writing , whose principal characteristic was that of allegory and metaphor , and consequently the matter therein should not be appreciated according to the poetical figures , applied to express ideas , which , if taken in their literal sense , would convey a different meaning to what they really were . Under all the circumstances of this transaction , he contended that , admitting the nabob to be guilty of all these imputed crimes , yet the governor general had exceeded his powers , by neglecting to adopt those necessary forms to be attended to in a cause like this . His conduct was there-tore illegal , and upon these grounds , and a great many more which he would not trespass on the attention of the house by enumerating , he supported the Resolution , —Mr . Speaker ; differing as I do entirely from the hon .