of the Swedish expedition , deserves explanation . I say accidental , because , if public report is to be credited , the arrival in England of sir John Moore from Sicily , was as unexpected by his majesty 's ministers as by the country at large . It certainly appears extraordinary , that a force of 10,000 men , employed in the defence , of such an important point as Sicily , should reach the English shores without the previous knowledge of government . Did this arise from any clerical error in the orders , or from any blunder of another description ? Without dwelling any longer upon this point , I will proceed , sir , to the principal circumstance , which is , as I before observed , that there is now lying in the ports of Sweden a large British force , completely inactive ; and that at a period of the year the most favourable for military operations . From the manner in which the right hon . gent . opposite spoke of the sentiments of the king of Sweden , when the Swedish treaty was presented to the house , one might have been led to suppose , that when the time of action arrived , some previous concert would be found to have been established with respect to the mode in which the troops sent by this country should be employed . It was therefore , sir , that the public was extremely surprised to learn , that immediately on the arrival of the troops under sir J. Moore in Sweden , the quartermaster-general ( an officer whose absence palsied an army ) was sent back to this country for instructions ; and that on his return to Sweden sir John Moore set oil ' for Stockholm to concert a plan of operations . These are points which demand explanation . I wish also to be informed respecting the commercial relations between Great Britain and Sweden . Have arrangements been made that the boasted arrangements for the protection of our commerce shall not be completely defeated by our best ally ? The right hon . gentleman said on a former occasion , that he trusted to the justice , to the libera- 1048 lity , to the discernment of the king of Sweden , to have our commercial plans seconded by him . Have the expectations of the right hon . gentleman been fulfilled ? —Not any thing more , sir , occurs to me on which to call the attention of his majesty 's ministers , except that most important subject which formed the basis of the motion that I had the honour of submitting to the house on the 29th of Feb. last . I then stated , that it did not appear to me degrading to this country to propose a negociation for peace with France . At no period of the interval which has elapsed , has it appeared to me that such a proposition would be degrading . Nor can I anticipate during the recess which is about to take place , any circumstances , the occurrence of which can by possibility render it inexpedient or degrading , on the part of this country , to open such a negociation . Having said thus much , sir , I shall sit down , trusting to the candour of his majesty 's ministers , that they will afford to me and to the country every satisfactory explanation with regard to those subjects on which they can communicate information without detriment to the public service . —Sir ; the hon . gent , needs no apology for making any observations , or proposing any questions to his majesty 's ministers , which to him may seem advisable . I will endeavour , sir , as far as I am able , and with the utmost disposition to frankness on my part , to give to the hon . gent , the satisfaction which he requires . In doing this I will begin with the topics with which he concluded his speech . The hon . gent , expresses great surprise