plan which he would have been inclined to propose , as affording resources for the service of the year ; but he was convinced , from the information and applications he had already received on the subject , that it would be one of permanent advantage , and of which , though no question of revenue were connected with it , the advantages would be generally and satisfactorily felt . He was convinced there would be applications for liberty to avail themselves of this measure , from sources of which the right hon . gent . had at . present no idea . There were persons in the constant habit of taking annuities for themselves and others , to whom this measure would present the means of saving all the original expence of such a contract . Stript as the present measure , would be , of every expence of this kind , he was satisfied it would prove an object of public as well as of individual advantage . The right hon . gent , had not said any thing as to the morality of the measure , which was a strong objection to it on a former night ; he should not , therefore , enter on this point , but should content himself with observing that there appeared to him to be nothing unusual , or inconsistent with political economy , in allowing persons the opportunity of providing for themselves in this manner . What were Friendly Societies ? Were they calculated for the advantage either of the widow or of the children ? They surely were not ; but by them part of the income was laid aside for the benefit of the person himself , without any regard to his family . The right hon . gent . alluded to the proposal of sir George Saville , which , though not adopted by parliament , was still an authority in favour of such a measure . As to the idea of this being any infraction on the measure of the sinking fund , he admitted that it was so in manner and in words , but not at all 699 in spirit . It would have the effect of taking out of the market a quantity of stock , and of substituting in the place of it what would , by no means , be so , marketable a commodity . It would , in fact , give additional effect to the two objects of the sinking fund . By the former operation , the amount of the dividend only would be taken out of the market ; by the present measure , the amount of the capital itself would be taken out of it . Thus , not only the redemption of the debt would be secured , but that object , would also be effected at an earlier period . Instead , therefore , of being an infraction on the sinking fund , it would add fresh vigour to it . said , that the right hon . gent , admitted he expected no great immediate effect from the measure , but that it would be gradual . In this his lordship could hardly agree ; for if he at all understood the plan , the right hon . gent , expected the funds to rise ; and whenever they did rise to a certain height , the measure was to cease . His lordship thought the plan altogether objectionable , in a political , moral , and financial point of view . He asked , would it be proper , or rather would it not be dangerous in the extreme , if the great bulk of the property of this country were allowed to be thrown into annuities ? The right hon . gent . had referred to the case of benefit societies as one in his favour . If he ( lord H. Petty ) , however , had been to select a case on the other side , he did not think he could have hit on one more completely in favour of his argument . In the case of