were his companions in that transaction . He will perhaps recollect the name of Mr. Wenham , whose father was partner with Mr. Charnock , and lived at Hastings.—There are others also whom if necessary I can produce to verify this statement , and to a much greater extent than appears by the papers . The Etrusco was afterwards captured by the Brilliant frigate , capt . Robinson , and brought to the river Thames . There was a suit commenced in the Admiralty Court , and a variety of proceedings , which it is unnecessary to enumerate to the house , took place . Amongst other claims there was one preferred by the hon . capt . for the ship and cargo , supported by a most extraordinary affidavit , to which I shall have occasion presently to advert ; remarking only in the first place , that he had not appeared to be examined , which is usual in such cases , though a compulsory process was issued against him . The excuse of employment abroad can not be pleaded , because it appears by his affidavit , that he was in London in August 1793 . In this affidavit the hon . capt . described himself as formerly of Ostend , merchant , but now an officer in the navy : He admitted that he had gone to the East Indies and carried on trade there , though the leave had been obtained expressly with a view to his residing at the Danish settle-met of Fredericknagore . It was further stated that he had been on terms of intimacy with lord Cornwallis , and Mr. Stuart who acted as governor in the absence of lord Cornwallis ; that he dined with them ; and thence he inferred that they knew of the illicit traffic he was carrying on , and connived at it . But I must intreat the attention of the house to the concluding part of the affidavit ; after claiming the ship and the whole , or at least one third of certain goods , it proceeds to say , that no person or persons being subjects of 'France , Spain , or the united provinces , or inhabiting within any of those territories , their factors or agents , or any other 728 enemies of the crown of G. Britain , have , hath , or had directly or indirectly any right , title or interest in or to the said ship and goods or any part thereof at the said several periods of time ( viz . at the time of lading and the time of capture ) nor will have until the same shall be sold or disposed of , for the sole account and benefit of this deponent . Now , sir , what is the agreement made at Canton , how does it agree with this declaration on oath ? Sir , it begins thus : It is agreed between Home Popham , owner of the LEtrusco , Tuscan ship , on the one part , and Charles de Constant , and Jean Baptiste Piron , super-cargoes of the French East India Company at Canton , on the other part , that a joint concern shall take place . Again , they do further agree that all profit or loss upon the said expedition is to be borne or suffered share and share alike between the said Home Popham , Charles de Constant and Jean Baptiste Piron ' . Sir , this requires no comment ; it is too glaring.—In 1797 , the vessel was condemned in the court below as prize to the king , together with the cargo ; from this sentence there was an appeal ; and five years afterwards the lords commissioners reversed the decree as to Mr. Constants share , which they restored , condemned Mr. Pirons as prize to the captors , being French property , and the ship and that part of the cargo claimed by sir Home Popham they determined to be prize to the king as the property of a British subject engaged in illicit traffic . After this sentence