as a partner . The former we could justly subject to his proportion of the cost of the common security ; but we could not , with equal propriety , say to the latter , `` We have had a bad year , our affairs are not prosperous , and we must , therefore , deduct a part of the interest which we contracted to pay upon the money you lent to us . '' We might say , indeed , if it should suit us to say so , `` your money is a burthen to us we do not want it , you have forced it upon us against our inclinations ; take it away , or we will reduce or withhold the customary interest ; '' but we could not in justice , without any such notice , surprize the foreign money lender by a tax . The same distinction applied to the policy of the case ; those embarked in the same risk with us had not the power , even if they had the wish , to withdraw themselves , and we were sure of their co-operation by the durable tie of a common interest . It might happen that , in order to preserve our independence against the great oppressor of Europe , we might find it necessary to sacrifice not merely a tenth , but a quarter or even a moiety of our income in the form of a property tax ; and while the expediency of levying such a tax generally and impartially upon all that were in the same concern with us was indisputable , it was surely questionable how far we should attempt to extend it to those who could withdraw their aid at pleasure , and whose confidence , however occasionally useful to us , was not likely to be increased by the unprosperous situation of our affairs . He was unwilling , at so late an hour , to enter into the consideration of the expediency and utility of inviting and retaining foreign capital in this country . It was a question which should be considered 901 relatively to our character as a commercial country , and not merely as it would affect us under a temporary flux of capital finding its way into the funds , the consequence of a casual and lamentable interruption of our foreign commerce . The great advantages which , under ordinary circumstances , were to be derived from a capital thus obtained in the support of our funds and the encouragement of the various departments of our national industry were , in his mind , too obvious and considerable to be treated with indifference , he gave , therefore , to the proposition of the hon . gent , in this first and preparatory stage of it , an opposition , not grounded on a regard to times and circumstances , but most decisive and unqualified.—The motion was then put , and negatived . adverted to the bill then before the house for renewing the Charter of the Bank of Ireland , and expressed his surprise that the former charter of the bank had not been laid before , the house . He would , however , shortly proceed to state the grounds of his intended motion . At the time of granting the charter of the bank of Ireland , in 1783 , the penal laws against the catholics , that horrid code which all men now joined in condemning , had been happily repealed . There remained , however , disqualifications which prevented catholics from holding any office either in the state or in corporations . In the year 1793 the greater part of these disqualifications were repealed , and with the exception of a few offices , they were allowed to hold generally , offices in the state , and also in lay corporations . They were allowed to be colonels of regiments , governors of fortresses , and to rise to eminent stations in all the professions . The question here was , whether , in allowing them to hold any of these important offices , it was