like another Timotheus , seized the golden lyre , what an enthusiasm he would excite : but he doubted very much if such enthusiasm might not be productive of more harm than good , if prematurely called forth before the brave Spaniards were furnished with means of resisting their formidable foe . When he heard so much said , in the usual tone , of Buonaparte , calling him the merciless despot , severe tyrant , plunderer , common enemy of mankind , he wished from his heart that England could come into the cause with clean hands . He commented upon the third object of this country , in case of cooperation with Spain , and wished it had been altogether omitted ; it was the narrow policy of subjecting the interests of the great cause in which they were engaged to the minor concerns of British objects , British views , and British interests exclusively . rose to explain a misconception which the hon . gent . seemed to feel , as to what he had stated respecting the objects to be prosecuted in the contest . He had mentioned British objects on that occasion , for the purpose only of disclaiming them as any part of the considerations which influenced his majesty 's government . In this contest in which Spain , was embarked , no interest could be so purely British as Spanish success ; no conquest so advantageous for G. Britain , as conquering from France the complete integrity of the dominions of Spain in every quarter of the world . was glad that he had 893 given the right hon . gent , the opportunity of making this explanation . though there were many important topics belonging to this question , and arising out of the discussion as far as it had hitherto gone , did not mean to offer any observation upon them . He had then risen only to touch upon one or two particulars , which were more personal than any general reference to the general situation of the country ; the one that it might not be misunderstood , and the other to rectify a mistake that might prevail respecting it . And here he must observe the gloomy prospect held up at the onset by the bad specimens of candour , openness , and ingenuousness , with which the right hon . gent , had endeavoured to construe the sentiments expressed by his right hon . friend , as pledging the whole of those who acted with him to a general support of the measures of administration . [ A cry of No , from the treasury bench . ] If not to their other measures , to those at least which might be connected with the object which his right hon . friend had in view . He had felt it necessary on his part to disclaim being included in any such pledge , and he hoped this construction of the right hon . gent . was not a specimen of the openness which the house was to expect in the progress of this transaction . The points upon which he wished to touch were , first , the advice which had been given by his right hon . friend to ministers , either to do a great deal , or to do nothing in this case . If his right hon . friend meant by doing a great deal , to send a large force to the assistance of Spain , he feared that we should not be able to do that . But it was not thence to be concluded that nothing was to be done . Though we could not assist them in the highest degree , it did not follow that we might not do what would be extremely serviceable to them . The part of his right hon . friend 's sentiments in which he completely concurred , was that in which he recommended not to adopt the conduct that had been pursued in former wars since the commencement of the French revolution . It was his decided opinion , that we should