from his own personal knowledge , for he was employed for 7 or 8 years making surveys of the country , and traversed every part of it , 387 and he believed he might venture to say , that at the time he quitted India , no European had seen more of the Carnatic than himself ; he had many opportunities of learning the real sentiments of the inhabitants , and he had no hesitation in declaring , that they invariably spoke in praise and admiration of the system pursued during the period that the country had been under the management of the company 's servants ; and with detestation and abhorrence of the nabob 's managers , whose oppression and cruelty were so great , that he had known all the inhabitants of a village fly from the nabob 's territories , during the night , to seek protection in those of the company , or perhaps to retire altogether into the dominions of the nizam or of Tippoo Sultaun.—It might be argued however , ( and some had already made the attempt ) that although the late arrangement in the Carnatic was founded in justice and policy , the family of Mahomed Ally had strong claims on the liberality and indulgence of the British government . It may , therefore , continued the hon . member , be worth while to examine how far such claims are well founded . From our earliest connection with Mahomed Ally , we had reason to be dissatisfied with him for his want of faith and honour , instances of which had been recorded as far hack as the administrations of Mr. Bouchier and Mr. Dupré , and the government of Madras had declared that the nabob 's conduct was such as to destroy all confidence in his engagements.—Lord Macartney observed that the records were full of essential failures on the part of the nabob in his pecuniary engagements . In the war with Hyder Ally in 1780 , we applied to the nabob in vain for assistance ; the same when we were preparing for the war in 1790.—In the war of 1799 the government was compelled to call upon the nabob for pecuniary assistance ; for when lord Wellesley assumed the government of India , he found an exhausted treasury and our credit very low . The nabob promised three lacks of pagodas , no very large sum , but it will scarcely be believed , that he advanced only 16,000 pagodas , or 6,400l . ; private individuals shewed more zeal , and to the honour of the British commercial houses at Madras , they afforded every possible assistance , and enabled the army to move from our frontier to Seringapatam . But this want of attachment to his allies was not confined to failures in his pecuniary engagements the nabob actually 388 shewed an indifference to the British interests , which might justly be attributed to disaffection . In a letter from the Madras government to the court of directors , Aug. 1799 , they observed , We are concerned to inform you that this is not the only instance in which we have had to lament an indifference to the success of our measures on the part of his highness , for instead of calling forth the resources of the Carnatic , for the supply of your army , his highness 's managers , in every province of his dominions , not only withheld all assistance from their respective districts , but opposed every possible object to the passage of supplies , procured for the use of the army beyond the limits of his highness 's dominions.—And the governor at home in a letter to Bengal , dated the 4th Dec. 1800 , mentioned the particulars of the nabob 's conduct regarding the fort of Chandernagherry , and observed that , a more decided instance of disaffection could scarcely be imagined.—Underall these circumstances of the nabob 's repeated , he might almost say constant , failure in his engagements ; of his indifference to the British interests , an indifference amounting nearly to disaffection ; —of his