we pass over , the proud event of our having carried victoriously our arms to France , and had our king crowned at Paris , and reduced the power of France to that of a suppliant at your feet ? No , Sir , we shall not , we can not forget , neither can we pass over these things . Nor shall we 613 assent to ignominious terms of peace . We are assured we can have glorious terms of peace whenever we shall shew a disposition for it , as an united people . When shall we be that people ? When the Irish Catholics can be won , and won they may be , and won they will be , if you treat them liberally . Tile right hon . gent . has said , that great and wise men have thought that the granting of what is now asked , would not satisfy the Catholics . He has not told us who these great and wise men were . Whoever they are , I doubt the soundness of their judgment , for I believe that what is now asked would satisfy the Catholics . But if this claim be allowed , shall we not have further claims made , and further desires expressed ? Why should there not be further claims if they be just , or further desires expressed , if they be reasonable . Why should the Catholics be refused the common liberty of the rest of the inhabitants of the country . But consider the advantages arising from the grace of granting this application . The Catholics now claim certain rights and privileges ; and they go to a given extent in making that claim ; but if you gratify their wishes in the first instance , if you treat them well , that is , treat them as they ought to be treated , the Catholics will be satisfied with a moderate and reasonable allowance from the hand of the king . But it is very easy to foresee , that if you are determined to refuse what the Catholics reasonably request of you , the effect will be , that more will be demanded hereafter , than would have been , if you had complied with the first request . But the argument which is built upon this doctrine , 'that if you grant one thing , more will afterwards be asked of you , and therefore you should refuse in the first instance . ' is , in my opinion , inconclusive , because that goes the length of saying , that a thing which is reasonable in itself , should never be granted , because it is possible that the granting it may be followed with a request which is unreasonable . And this mode of reasoning , had as it is in itself , is still worse as it applies to the affairs of Ireland at the present moment—for I would have the right hon . gent , know , that in this question is contained the peace of Ireland.—It is said , in this house , that the Catholics want many other things besides those which they have specified in the Petition now before us ; so perhaps they may ; but I will venture to say , that all the grievances of which they complain , arise from the 614 inequality of the situation in which they are placed . It is the interest of the monopolists of one religion , to act , as it were hostilely , towards the other ; and there must always be felt a sense of insult and degradation when one class of men are placed beneath another class . Thus , as the Catholics are under the Protestants , they are to be degraded by their superiors in power , and when their interests are supposed to be hostile , so are the manners of the professors of the two religions . Those who are above , think nothing too bad for those who are below them , and those below , think they never can be emancipated too