short annuities had lately afforded an op- 270 portunity of making such purchases . He did not believe that any instance had occurred in which a parent had deprived a child of its inheritance in order to increase present income by sinking capital in such purchases . The general advantages of the Plan would greatly outweigh every evil that could possibly result from its operation . The Tontine Plan of 1783 was not in point , because there , present means were to be given up for future advantage ; whereas , here the reverse was the case . This Plan might not be within the strict letter of the act , but he was persuaded it was within its spirit . When the Resolutions proposed by his right hon . friend should be inspected , as they would before the house would be called upon for any decision , he was convinced , that they would be considered as calculated ultimately to accelerate the redemption of the debt . allowed that , though in peace , capital might be withdrawn from the funds to be employed in commerce , yet the funds would rise , as no loans would then be wanted . However , looking , as they ought , to the general principle in such discussions , their measures should be framed , so as to meet any sudden shock , which might , by possibility , occur to depress the price of the funds . The plan of the right hon . gent . would hold out greater inducements to persons having lower capitals to purchase , than were to be met with in the course of fair trade . The effect would be , that a bonus would thus be given by government upon the transaction , and that the lower and middle classes would thus avail themselves of the profit held out by government . It was well known that where annuities had been encouraged by government to any extent , they produced a direct effect upon the morals of the country . The rentes viagères were a proof of that . In that instance , Neckar granted the annuities on the terms of the fair trade , but here an advantage beyond that was to be given . He thought it , too , somewhat extraordinary , that this advantage should be held out at a time when an additional tax was to be laid upon Life Insurances . The latter were dictated by every principle of prudence , providence , and foresight , whilst the purchases under the right hon . gent 's plan would be the very reverse . But the effect of this plan and of the tax upon Life Insurances would be detrimental to the interests of the country . He was not prepared to say whether 271 the plan would interfere with the spirit of the act , but undoubtedly there might be occasions upon which it would be proper to make modifications which might trench upon the letter of it . The Sinking Fund did not produce all the advantages that flowed from its operation by the quantity of the debt it redeemed , but the manner in which it was redeemed , by the proceeds of that fund brought into the market weekly or monthly . defended the Plan of his right hon . friend . It gave no bonus to ; persons for investing their capitals , to the prejudice of their families . The scale was calculated upon the usual principles of the probabilities of life ; and as to the effect it might have upon the morals of the public , it should be recollected , that the short annuities , which had lately fallen in , to the amount of 4 or 500,000l . per annum , had been in the market , and had been in the market without producing any such effect , though upon the principle of the gentlemen opposite , they were much more dangerous , as they required a larger proportion of capital to be sunk . There were numberless cases , in which it would be