resolve itself into a Committee of the whole house , to consider further of the Report which , upon the 13th day of April last , was made from the Committee appointed to enquire and report how far , and under what circumstances , it may be practicable and expedient to confine the Distilleries of the united kingdom , or of any part of the united kingdom , to the use of Sugar and Molasses only ; and also what other provision can be made for the relief of the Growers of Sugar in the British West India colonies . could not let slip any opportunity of opposing a measure so mischievous 494 as he considered the present to be . The object of the committee had been , to point out a mode of relief for the West India planters ; but now the ground was shifted , and the sugar distillation was recommended as necessary in the actual state of the country . He reflected with the highest pleasure upon the speech of the Irish chancellor of the exchequer upon this subject ; a more solid , a more constitutional speech , could not have been delivered ; he thanked him for it , and was convinced he deserved the thanks of his country . The ground on which the English chancellor of the exchequer argued the case for the substitution was , that the price of corn was high , and that there were apprehensions of a scarcity . Both these propositions he denied . The present price of corn was no more than a remuneration to the farmer , considering the failure of the beans . There was no scarcity ; nor any ground of apprehension of a scarcity ; then why was such a proposition held out , and a needless alarm created ? If the landed interest were left to themselves , they would be able to supply the country , and save the money expended for foreign corn . It had been well observed , that till the interference of government with the corn laws , we had always been an exporting country ; but when that interference took place , we began to import . It was the duty of the chancellor of the exchequer therefore to give every encouragement to the landed interest , instead of supporting a proposition injurious to them . The hon . member then referred to several parts of the evidence in the report , to shew that , in the opinion of several of the most competent witnesses examined by the committee , the measure was not expedient with a view to the relief of the West Indian planters , or on account of any real grounds for the apprehension of a scarcity . Mr. Chalmers , chief clerk to the lords of the committee of privy council for the consideration of trade and colonial matters , being asked whether , exclusive of any consideration of the situation of the West Indian planters , he saw any reason why parliament should interfere to manage our resources for grain ? replied , that he did not see any reason why parliament should interpose , as this might cause an alarm , and so produce the evil supposed . Mr. C. Scott said , that if the distilleries were restrained from the use of barley after the next crop , and that crop should prove abundant , there would be a very material 495 fall in the price . The hon . member stated , that he had letters from Norfolk , representing that there was every appearance of an abundant crop of barley . If this should be injured by the rain , there would be a great deal of black barley , which could be used in no way but in the distilleries . Mr. Kent , land-surveyor , being asked whether he thought barley necessary to the mode of cropping in Norfolk , said that he considered the cultivation of barley as almost necessary to the existence of Norfolk . Norfolk , the hon . member remarked , might be considered as the granary of