In America no such principle of exclusion can or does exist ; and it must be recollected , that the Protestant and the Catholic of that continent confederated , in conjunction with France , but still there was nothing in it of Catholic combination . While the Protestant religion can not procure you one single ally on the continent , with the exception of Sweden , will you then consent to disqualify one-fifth of your subjects at home ? Will you direct your strength and vigilance in array against a Catholic combination , at a moment when your danger is the result of an anti-English conspiracy among the countries of Europe , formerly your allies ? Is this the moment , I would ask , to deprive yourselves of that beneficial and necessary assistance which can alone exist in the union of all ranks and descriptions . If you suffer that narrow principle to regulate your conduct , then do I contend that you do not give your country fair play ; but you do give to the foreign enemy the best means of effecting his purpose , by allowing a narrow , mean , and selfish policy to govern over your better judgment . There can not therefore be any moral incompatibility to the measure , but I think I have shewn that a very urgent political necessity exists for uniting all against the designs of a foreign enemy . It certainly has been the opinion of all political writers , that tests are the symbols of political sentiments . I do not pretend to say that there may not be cases in which it is necessary for a state to act upon the principle of exclusion . That is a proposition which , taken in a general sense , no one would dispute , and may be acted upon where the practice of any religious percept is evidence of foreign at- 555 tachment . It will not be denied me , as a general proposition too , that there are certain rights to which all subjects are entitled—that the state has a right to demand the assistance of the talents of all the subjects , and further , that it has not the right of imposing arbitrary tests . But there may be cases in which subjects lose these rights , and then the imposition of an arbitrary test is defensible . In this particular case , however , it can not apply ; for here , as I think , I have distinctly shewn , no foreign attachment is proved , or indeed can exist , for it is evident that foreign attachment has long since ceased . To justify you , therefore , I say , you must prove a probable case , and you must prove more ; that it exists only with reference to the Pope . What is this cause for jealousy ? In what does it consist ? Why , in this—the Pope ! And what is the Pope ? Why the Catholics have proved to you that the Pope is nothing more than a name , for they consider him in the light , and in no other , than a spiritual power—they have abjured him in all temporal cases ; they have abjured him in all mixed cases , particularly in all cases which in any way relate to the state.—Let us , however , examine the matter further . It has been objected to the Catholics that marriages , and of course inheritances , are subject to the controul of the Pope . The idea is absurd and monstrous ! The house will now recollect that marriage is a civil contract ; that inheritance is good only by the laws of the country ; that it is so is proved by the acts passed upon the subject ; that they have lost that inheritance , and acquiesce in the laws , is clear by the 9 Will . 2 Anne , 19 and 23 Geo . 2 , by which marriage and inheritance are set aside , and the next of kin is only tenant for life . To