, himself could not look back to it , without being convinced that an inoffensive refusal would produce less mischief than a reluctant and forced assent . Let any body who knew the state of the public mind in this country , say , whether there was not a strong prevailing sentiment against further concessions to the catholics ? If this was founded in reason , it was not easily to be overcome ; but if it was even founded 575 only on prejudice , the right hon . gent , was well aware that such prejudices did not yield to repeated attacks of reason , any more than the prejudices on the other side to penal laws . It would be of little value to have a majority for the measure in the house , if there was an inflamed majority against it out of the house . If there should be a disappointment in the present instance , there would be a consolation in reflecting , that the object of the motion must ultimately , though gradually , prevail . He was unwilling to mix personal topics in this debate . The right hon . gent , had very scrupulously abstained from such topics ; and with him at least , the catholic question would never be a party question . But he feared some of those who would follow the right hen . gent , would take another Course ; and if there was any thing that made him regret having risen so early in the debate , it was the depriving himself thereby of the opportunity of meeting those personal charges which he certainly had no dread of encountering . The right hon . gent 's speech was so happily constructed and directed , that whether his motion succeeded or failed , it must do eminent service . There was one principle of the right hon . gent , however , which must be received with some reserve . When the legislature limited by law the share of political power to be held by any class of men , and it was proposed to repeal that limitation , the legislature was to judge of the propriety of complying with the proposition ; and if more disorder would arise from the repeal than from the continuance of the limitation , it was right to continue it . He again recommended the soothing and conciliating system proposed by the right hon . gent , and trusted that more benefit would be obtained by sending back the petition without any irritating language , than even by referring it to the committee , by means of a violent and contentious majority . On these grounds , he should give his vote conscientiously against the motion , —with this satisfaction , that nothing that had been hitherto said could be a bar to the claims of the petitioners in future . .—Sir ; the speech of the right hon . gent , who has just sat down , strongly reminds me of what lord Chesterfield says in one of his letters , when speaking of the tragedy of Cato . That accomplished nobleman , when criticising the tragedy of Cato , remarks that there is nothing in the two beautiful lines with which the poem opens : — 576 `` The dawn is overcast , the morning ; lowers , `` And heavily in clouds brings on the day— . '' that there is nothing in all this but what a watchman tells us when he calls out `` past four o'clock , and a cloudy morning ! '' Just so with the right hon . gent 's speech—with all its exuberant eloquence , we find nothing but an assurance , that the discussion will be extremely inconvenient to himself and his friends , and that therefore it ought to be deprecated . The right hon . gent , laments the existence of religious dissensions—so do we , and so does every one . But since it is admitted , on all hands , that they do exist , the question is , what is best to be done with them