colonies would be so absurd to persist in striving for that which they were least likely to obtain ? Would they by preference choose to contend with the most powerful interest in the house or tine country ? Those of the committee , who urge that relief might be obtained in a better way , have not dealt fairly with the colonies . It was their duty to attend when other modes of relief were considered : and if they had been present , they would have known what difficulties present them- 514 selves in every direction . When they imagined their own pockets were concerned , they were never absent half an , hour ; but when the object of relief to the colonies which the house had enjoined them to consider , was under discussion , we saw them no more : and , had the committee consisted chiefly , as some say it ought , of county members , from , the sample we had , the committee must have long since ceased its labours for want of a quorum.—As to those who say this will do the colonies no good , I think I may be dispensed from replying to them . Far short indeed is this boon , of what they may justly claim ; and far short is it of what will ultimately wave them : but to suppose that men whose existence is at stake , have not as carefully considered the subject as those whose interest is not concerned , or they are more ignorant of their own interest than other people , is a supposition altogether whimsical . I understand , sir , that we shall lose some supporters this night , because we found our recommendation of the measure on the danger of scarcity ; a subject which some gentlemen think we were not authorized to discuss . To whom it was owing that we entered into this subject , has been already stated ; and now , our opponents would profit by their own wrong . The case of the colonies is here truly hard ; having refuted all the objections that were singly urged against them , they , at last are met with one which they can not surmount , as it proceeds from opposite points . Some will vote against them , if you do not state the domestic ground for the measure ; because then it would appear to make domestic interests subservient to colonial ones ; others , will vote against them it the domestic ground be stated , because this committee was appointed merely for colonial considerations . So that one class objects to a measure which they do , not deny to be desirable at home , because it is alleged to be also desirable abroad ; and the other class objects to a measure which they admit to be desirable abroad , because it is alleged also to be desirable at home . We would do the thing for our own sake , says one , only that it does good , to you , and will make us appear subservient to your interests.—And we would do it , says the other , for your sake , only that some people think it would do good to ourselves also.—Such is the wretched case of the colonies : if one objection will not serve , another will ; and if they have refuted all the objections which have been 515 urged singly , then they are met by contradictory objections at once ; one or other of which is sure to hit them . This convinces me , that the opposition lies deeper than we can see , and arises from a real indisposition to relieve them , from whatever cause this may proceed . In such a case , it is perhaps useless to continue the argument ; for true it will be on this subject , as on every other , that A man convinc 'd against his will , Is of the same opinion still . Sir ; the history of these objections will be really entertaining to any