so far as the privileges of the members of that house were concerned . The case was this ; the worthy baronet was returned without his knowledge , and without any previous consent on his part : the returning officer had no right to make a demand on any candidate for hustings ; but a person whom he supposed to be the agent of sir F. Burdett having made use of 547 them when erected , he sues sir Francis for his proportion of these expences ; the judge esteems the hon . baronet 's taking his seat as a confirmation and approbation of the conduct of the person who appeared on his behalf , in fact as a recognition of him as his agent ; he instructs the jury accordingly , and they , in compliance with this recommendation , find the worthy baronet liable . If these facts were so , he asked , was not this a grave and serious question of privilege ? Or was the house , by refusing to listen to it , to sanction the idea , that in complying with an order which he was not entitled to resist , namely , taking a seat when called to it by the electors , every member of that house was to incur a penalty which he had not contemplated , and which , but for the officious and forward zeal of a person with whom probably the party had no concern , the returning officer had no right to demand ? In saying this much , the right hon . gent , begged to be understood as by no means reflecting on the noble and learned lord who tried the action . He knew that there was no person less likely than he to do any thing that could seem to infer a breach of the privileges of the house . It was possible , however , that even he might be mistaken . It would be a grievous burden if a member returned to parliament without any personal interference of his own , were obliged to shew , as by law he was , not only that he possessed a qualification of 3 or 400l . a year , but also to produce out of his pocket . 4 or 500l . to defray the expence of the hustings . He hoped , therefore , the question would not be supposed to have been disposed of , but that it would be renewed for after-consideration ; appearing , as it did to him , to be one well worthy of deliberation before a decision was come to upon it . said , that the person who had been held as sir Francis 's agent had called on the high bailiff , and , in the name of sir Francis , declared that he would not pay for the hustings ; yet that this same person , day after day , asked , obtained , and availed himself of , the advantage of seats for the check-clerks , inspectors , & c. who were to attend to the hon . baronet 's interests in the election . The learned gent , did not pretend to say what was the recommendation of the judge ; but it was hardly probable , that it was such as had been represented , else a new trial , which had been moved for , would have been granted . thought it impossible for the house to entertain a question on which they had no authentic information , the ; recommendation of the judge , which could alone form the ground of the proceeding , not having been entered upon the record . said , after what had passed in allusion to himself , it was necessary for him to put the hon . baronet right as to what he had stated on a former night . What he said was , that when any practical inconvenience did arise , if the hon . baronet continued to think that it involved a question of privilege , he should in that event lose no time in applying to the