king of Great Britain should be a protestant , was it not necessary that his advisers should be so too ? that the lord chancellor ( the I keeper of the king 's conscience ) , the judges , and the great officers of the state , should be protestants ? And if this were so , was it not more wise and expedient to exclude catholics from these situations by law , than to throw upon the king the odium of rejecting them ? For let the house bear in mind , that the principle of the prayer of the petition went to the attainment of all power , on equal terms with the protestants , a principle which no monarch could venture to apply practically without endangering the constitution . It must be recollected , that the catholics were not at present excluded from places of the highest trust by any direct law . They excluded themselves because they would not take the prescribed tests ( prescribed to all the subjects of the empire indifferently ) ; and particularly because they would not take the oath of supremacy , by which they abjured all foreign temporal and ecclesiastical dominion in these realms . The first question therefore was , whether or not this oath was founded in reason and principle ? Was it just , as long as the country possessed a protestant government and a protestant establishment , to require that the members of the legislature , and the great officers of the state , should abjure foreign temporal , as well as foreign ecclesiastical , dominion ? Consistently with the security of the protestant government and the protestant establishment , it was not possible to dispense with this test . The large pro- 689 portion of the population of Ireland which the catholics formed , had been stated as a reason for acceding to their request . This question must be viewed in one of two points : if the empire were , considered ( and in his opinion we were bound so to consider it ) as a whole , then in any legislative regulation , parliament ought to be influenced , not by what was the majority of a certain class in a part of the empire , but by what was the majority of that class in the whole empire . On this footing , the claim of the catholics was indefensible ; and it was that the two islands might thus be considered as a whole empire , that the Union had been projected . If the other view of the subject were taken , if the majority in a part of the empire were to determine , the regulations of the legislature , the consequence would then be , that if the present question were carried , the catholics might go further . They might then say , that as their having a majority in the population of Ireland had been admitted as a ground for their admissibility into the high offices of the state , the same circumstance would entitle them to substitute a catholic for a protestant establishment in that country . This was a question directly affecting every catholic who had an acre of land in Ireland ; every man who now paid to the support of two churches , would be very ready to get rid of that burden by the subversion of protestantism , as the established religion of the country . He allowed that no such object was hinted at in the petition , but experience had pronounced decidedly on this subject . Was it not within every man 's recollection , that in 1793 and 1794 , the catholics of Ireland were called upon to state the whole of their demands ? They did state the whole of their demands . They were granted by the Irish parliament , and what followed ? Why , that they urged fresh demands . In support of his opinion , with respect to the disposition of the catholics to presume on any indulgence that was granted to them , he read an extract from a work by