on this ground , I presume , it is stated , and most unjustly stated , that the British government punished the innocent for the guilty . I deny the charge . I deny that punishment in any respect , however flagrantly provoked , was the object of the British government its object , its sole 357 object was security for its own legitimate rights—security which the violation of those rights , and the perfidious and hostile conduct of the nabobs had imposed onus the duty of enforcing , and the claim to which , according to the best principles of public law , applied as strongly to him who inherited , as to his guilty and faithless predecessor . It is one of the first principles , says a distinguished authority on these subjects , of general equity laid down by the writers on that law , that , an heir or successor , from the very circumstance of his possessing the inheritance , is not only bound for the engagements of the person whom he succeeds , but can not be discharged from the obligation to repair the damage which the deceased may have occasioned by his crimes or offences ; neither under the pretext that he derives no benefit from these crimes or offences , nor because there may have been no accusation or condemnation against the deceased . It is a doctrine , as new , as contrary to reason , that the conduct of princes by whom states and nations are represented , should be considered as the acts of individuals , and perishing with them . As well might it be contended that the enmity and aggressions of Tippoo Sultaun were obliterated when he fell upon the walls of Seringapatam , and all our claims to reparation buried in his tomb ; that nothing-remained for us to doubt to place his innocent son upon the vacant throne , with the undiminished power and dominion of his father . If the principle applies to one case , it applies to the other . Our rights were the same in both ; in the one indeed we were obliged to establish them by successful war , in the other we had happily the power of securing them without a similar struggle.—The proposition offered to Ally Hussein has been adduced in confutation of this principle , and as an acknowledgment , on our part , of the right that devolved to him . A right to what ? I do not enter into the question of his legitimacy , I am ready to allow him to be the legal heir of the late nabob Omdut ul Omrah . And what then ? he could possess no further right by inheritance than that of assuming the situation his deceased farther possessed , rendered subject , by the conduct of that father , to the claim of whatever might be necessary to the effectual security * Domat 's Compendium of Civil and Public Law . 358 of the British interests . The very proposition made to him expressly included the condition of his accession to this claim—the place in which he naturally stood—the wish on the part of the governor-general to accomplish this object by the forms of treaty , rather than by an immediate and painful exercise of our just rights , desidesignated him as the person to whom , if any proposition whatever was thought expedient , it should be made in the first instance . But that proposition , dictated as it was by a generous impulse of humanity alone , when refused and rejected , could not have the effect of limiting those rights which , if they exist at all , areas extensive as the interests they are intended to protect . In fact , sir , if the conduct of the nabobs was such as to place them in the situation of public enemies ; if the rights of war , as it has been contended , justly attached upon them , every hereditary claim was extinguished , and the whole state was submitted to whatever disposition the security of our interests ,