order ? The livings in Ireland had been united for political purposes ; indeed , their object appeared to be rather to procure situations for political partisans , in place of provisions for religious pastors , and the diminutions of the Protestants in that country was principally to be attributed to that system of policy . He concluded by assuring the house , that the refusal of the present measure would provoke a discussion , which would perhaps be not the most serviceable to the interests of the Church establishment in Ireland . replied to the objections of those who opposed his motion . He wished to know upon what grounds the house could refuse a measure , which only went to make a fund , fixed by parliamentary enactment , for the purpose of building glebe-houses in Ireland , avaliable to the import of the statute of queen Anne , 284 and to the object of the parliament , by which that law was passed ? The objections of that night were against the detail , and must have been created only for the purpose of making objections , as in his statement he had given no reason for such apprehensions . The learned doctor ( Duigenan ) had asserted that the present bill would severely affect small livings , although it had been previously stated , that it was not intended to include such benefices within its influence and operation . The same authority next proceeded to assert , that although the power of ordering the valuation of the Church property , and raising the fund of First Fruits , had been originally with the crown , yet it had been subsequently given up , and that no such valuation had taken place since the reign of Henry the 8th . But it was surprising to find that right hon . and learned doctor so grossly misinformed on a subject on which , at least , he ought to be accurate . If he would revert to the history of those times , he would find that a valuation took place in the reign of the first James ; and that Montgomery , a patriotic and liberal divine , then bishop of Meath , had exerted himself to procure the proceeds of certain forfeited property in the province of Ulster , not for his own private emolument , but to augment the comforts , and to increase the happiness and respectability of the poorer clergy of his own see . If he extended his inquiries to more modern times , the learned doctor would find , that the 9th of Queen Anne was recognized and confirmed by a legislative provision in the reign of George I . The house , before it rejected the present motion , ought to reflect , that it went merely to compel the application of funds only to the purposes for which such funds were originally , intended . The right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer was much alarmed at calling upon the clergy , by a small appropriation of their immense revenues , to support the respectability of their own brethren , but he had no compunction for the sufferings of the burdened people of Ireland , when he called upon them to pay 50,000l . for that very purpose . This very session such a grant had been made , and such an impost levied on the people . Was it not naturally to be expected , that the people , already groaning under the immense weight of taxation , would reason thus : 'Before you , the house of commons , have a right to tax upon us an impost of 50,000l . for the purpose of erecting glebe houses , 285 and of supporting the poorer clergy , does it not at least become your duty to inquire if any , and what funds exist by law , which without any addition to our enormous burdens , can be made available to that purpose ? We know , that by the bounty of the crown such a fund does exist for that application , and surely there