but a sufferer.—The first objection was , that we should lower the price of barley , to the great injury of the grower . Against this we urged , that although such would be the natural effect of diminishing its consumption , yet that , on this occasion , no such effect would ensue : for that there was a more powerful counteracting cause , namely , the shortness of the crop , and that the only effect that our measure would produce , would be to keep down somewhat the exorbitant price to which barley might otherwise rise . It was however in vain to contend : the agricultural prophets agreed that barley must fall ; and the consternation of the farmers seemed to be general . One man declares it would fall to 28 shillings ; another says he would not sow his land ; nothing but retrenchment , bankruptcy , and ruin were talked of ; in short we were quite overborne by the clamour . Luckily however , the committee continued to sit , and time argued better than we : for lo ! and behold ! at the end of two months , all the prophets are out , and barley , instead of falling to 28 shillings , has risen to 48 shillings.—Well ; what was the next objection ? I own I was curious to guess what it might be ; and from the inconsistencies that I had seen , I allowed my fancy pretty good latitude . But my fancy crept on the ground ; and , had I guessed to the end of time , I never should have hit it . The last objection was , that we should lower the price ; the next was , that we should raise the price ; and accordingly it is now gravely contended , that we have raised it . This objection is much more difficult to answer than the first , although the first had in one sense a real foundation , and this has none . But the difficulty here is of a novel sort : it is that of stating any argument or conclusion 'ad absurdum ' in a stronger point of view than the proposition itself . What , sir ! a measure that is 516 to diminish the consumption , or increase the supply , lower the price : will persons who have a thing to sell , be induced to keep it back from the apprehension of a measure that will prohibit its future use ? Will the buyer purchase more , in the expectation that he may not be allowed to use it ? Speculations are common enough ; but I think not of this sort . Without the measure , the distiller would certainly want 800,000 quarters of barley ; and the barley-grower would have a certain market for that quantity . With the measure , the former will not want , and the latter can not sell it ; and yet we are to suppose the distiller more eager to buy , and the grower more unwilling to sell , with the measure than without it.—The next objection is the mischievous principle which this recommendation of the committee is supposed to contain.—Now , as we have heard so much of this principle , it would not have been going quite out of their road , if gentlemen had been pleased to tell us what it was : for , to this hour , no one has yet distinctly stated it . I suppose , however , we may conclude from the tenour of their argument , that it must be something like this ; that when the colonies are in distress , they shall be relieved at the expence of the landed interest ; that when the sugar-market is over burthened , it shall be relieved at the expence of the corn-market ; or some similar proposition . Now this would certainly be a very mischievous principle , which no man would more decidedly condemn than myself . But who ever stated this principle , and who owns it ? None of the