the payment from the Consolidated Fund . It was idle to suppose the plan would not go on if it were once begun , and that it would be limited to eight houses . These , houses would go on , co-operating with other houses , until it would be no longer a park . Indeed , it could scarcely be called so at present , for it was almost invested with houses . On one side there was Knightsbridge , grown into a considerable town ; on another , Kensington . There was also a great town starting up on the northern side . Now , if in addition to these a number of houses should be erected , the power of vegetation would be completely destroyed . The park would no longer be that scene of health and recreation it formerly was . It was a saying of lord Chatham , that the parks were the lungs of London . He could devise no means more effectual for the destruction of these lungs than the proposed plan . The great increase of the metropolis might be attributed to the desire which every man felt to get as it were into the country ; to go a little further towards it than his neighbour . 1125 He had heard of parks being decorated with grottos and temples , but here was a plan to decorate a park with houses ; as if a citizen , who should leave Whitechapel on a Sunday evening to get a little fresh air , would feel much gratified when he arrived at Hyde-park to see nothing but houses , he would most probably think that he had seen enough of these in the course of his walk . Hyde park would not admit of being contracted , and he trusted that this plan of decorating it , by setting a few London houses in the midst of it , would be abandoned . He was glad of an opportunity of marking out these consequences . There were but few marks of royal splendour in the metropolis . Though he did not think so lowly of St. James 's as others , yet still he must say , that if it did not look like a palace , it did not look like any thing else : certainly , not like a private house . That and the parks were the only signs that London was ever used as a royal residence . He protested therefore , against any project intended to convert these into a source of emolument . The inconvenience that would result from it would infinitely outweigh any advantage that would be derived from it . He was glad that this discussion had taken place . It would not be without its use , if it should prevent the execution of a plan which , to speak of its consequences in the mildest way , must at least produce very considerable dissatisfaction . said , that agreeing as he did in every word which fell from his right hon . friend , he would only trouble the house with a few words . It was well known that he was extremely anxious to promote the improvement of the metropolis , and particularly of the city of Westminster ; but in all the plans which he had supported and recommended in that view , it was a principle with him not to crib one inch from any of the parks . He could not conceive upon what grounds it was , that the surveyor of the crown lands supposed his majesty would give his concurrence to so ridiculous and unjust a plan , as that in contemplation . The park was already sufficiently encroached upon . Hamilton-place was both an encroachment and a nuisance . He had been to visit it that morning , and such a gibbet-like erection he never saw . It was all angles and projections . There was also that heavy lump , Bathurst House , which he could compare to nothing but a tub of brick . The plan , he understood , was to erect a