proposed would not be adopted by this house . I believe that to be the acting principle that operated upon the minds of the great mass of the Protestants of this country . They are silent , because they are satisfied , and rest secure in the confidence they repose in this house , that it will watch with care , the constitution of their country , without their interference . These are the grounds which make it , in my opinion , extremely desirable that this measure should not be countenanced by this house , at the present moment . In my conscience I do believe , that if it were adopted , it would not produce any good , but would increase the very evil which it is intended to remove . As to the articles of the union , which have been pressed into the service of this debate , it is well known that my noble friend and myself agree entirely on that subject ; and we both agree that parliament is under no pledge to support this measure on that account ; we also agree , that under the present circumstances , what is now asked , ought not to be granted ; but , why should I not go farther , and say , because I happen to think , that the country would not come so soon into a condition in which it may be prudent to entertain measures of this kind , as my noble friend seems to imagine , or rather to entertain a hope . Be that as it may , I see nothing that makes it adviseable at the present moment . What may be the situation of the world , and perhaps , of this very religion itself hereafter , that may make such a measure as this expedient , does not belong to any human being to foretell : we can only decide according to the lights which we possess at present ; and here I beg to be distinctly understood , that if there should be such an alteration in the affairs of the world , or in the nature of this religion itself , as to put this question in a different shape hereafter , then , consistently with what . I have done , and am now doing , I may assent to the propriety of adopting some measure for the purpose of granting what the Catholics may then seek . But that is an event which I do not anticipate ; an event which can not happen , to me , without a great alteration of the opinion which I hold at present , although , if I should change my opinion , I shall readily avow that change , without dreading any charge that may be brought against me 625 for inconsistency.—I shall not enter into a detail of my objections to the measure at present , but shall content myself with saying , most distinctly , that on this question , whether I consider it on the ground of the time in which it has been brought forward , or on its own merits , my vote would be the same upon all these matters , if I took any one of them separately , as it now is about to be on taking them together . I am so far from objecting to the manner in which it has been brought forward by the right hon . gent , that I think we are much indebted to him for the temperance and moderation which distinguished his address to the chair . But as to the mode in which he has proposed to proceed upon the subject , I think it would be very objectionable , even supposing there were no other objections than those which I have , stated to it ; for if , with all ins general and his specific knowledge of this subject , the right hon . gent , can not trust himself so far as to bring forward a distinct , proposition which he will recommend to the house as likely to satisfy the Roman