country instead of an individual , and being thereby precluded an appeal to its laws , he was even to be refused a fair hearing in the only court to which he could apply , the right hon . gent . assured me , that I had no apprehension to feel on that account , as however strongly he might express his own opinion , ( and he did not mean to flatter me , but that it would have considerable weight ) , he was far from wishing to impress that opinion against the conviction of those who were disposed to think well of the claim ; and that , if the house decided in its favour , he should be perfectly contented with having performed his duty . The right hon . gent . confirmed this assurance , and satisfied me , beyond a doubt , of the candour of his intentions , by quoting the case of a grant to Dr. Jenner , which he stated had been carried in the previous session against an individual but strenuous opposition on his part.—I thanked the right hon . gentleman very sincerely for his liberality , and told him at the time , that however I lamented his unfavourable impression , and sensible of the influence it must carry , that my own conviction of the justice of the case assured me of its success . At a second interview with the right hon . gent . previous to the Easter vacation , on submitting to him a notice of the intended motion , he obligingly again confirmed the consent of the crown given by the former and present administration ; and on my stating that I had repeated the substance of our former conversation to many who had been anxious to learn his sentiments , the right hon . gent . fully admitted it , and strengthened the opinion I entertained of his sincerity . Surely then , sir , after such professions , it was natural for me to hope , upon the discussion of this question , of which so long a notice had been given , and to which I had earnestly intreated the attendance of every individual member , that the right hon . gent . who had equally solicited the attendance of his own friends on the occasion , would have considered the decision of so large a majority in favour of the claim as conclusive of the sense of the house ; and that I should at least have experienced the same candour on the part of government , in carrying that decision of the house into effect , which had induced the consent of the crown in the first instance : for I must think it hard , after having overcome what I conceived and fully understood from the right hon . gent . 1017 would be the only difficulty , I should since have been exposed to greater trials , and in which I seem but to have succeeded to embitter the disappointment I am at last to suffer . It is urged , that I have caused the necessity of the present motion , by sending the bill for Mr. Palmer 's future per-centage to the lords ; but this should be considered the act of the house , and not mine : for how was I to do otherwise than adopt that mode of carrying the previous votes into effect , which had been decided by a large majority ; viz . to move for the arrears in a committee of supply , and to bring in a bill for the future percentage ? Nor was an idea then entertained , that the arrears once voted in the supplies could be withdrawn . The bill was therefore brought in as matter of course , and which , in the possible event of being thrown out by the lords , might be renewed in any future session . The moment it was hinted that the rejection of the bill in the upper house might endanger the arrears , all thoughts of carrying it there , on my part ,