the Catholics , no persons could possess more real piety , exemplary morality , and sound political principles ; and as to the parochial clergy , he believed that most of them performed their functions with fidelity and credit . If there were any exceptions they arose from the want of proper education . He thought that every means ought to be employed to give the Catholic clergy an education with native habits and feelings , and deprecated the impolicy of retracting any part of the former grant . contended , that a provision for the education of 250 students would be insufficient to supply the vacancies that would occur in the Catholic clergy by deaths or casualties . To make up for this deficiency , the country would be left to two chances , private or foreign charity . One right hon . gent . had said that 111 were educated for the priesthood in private seminaries . But the education in these being only preparatory for the college , that was no education for the priesthood . By reducing the grant , the house would secure the ignorance and inveterate prejudices of a great portion of the Catholics . Proselytism was not to be expected under such circumstances . Religious conformity was impracticable , and political conformity , which was in their power , they would destroy by the course proposed . In endeavouring to enforce religious conformity , they would make the mass of that people inveterate Catholics and political enemies . Give them uneducated and ignorant priests , and you weaken the Protestant religion and the Protestant government . If provision be not made at home for the education of their clergy , they must seek it abroad . At present that could not happen ; but we ought to look forward to a time of peace . Then they Mould go and bring back with them foreign connexions and foreign obligations . Why did we fear the Catholic religion ? was it not from the foreign connexion which it involved ? And whilst the spirit of Bonaparte pervaded the whole of the continent , was that a time I for keeping up the connexion ? The students that went abroad for education under such circumstances , would acquire the same Deistical principles and political antipathies that would spread every where around them . They would therefore return religious Deists and political Catholics , to the great danger of overthrowing the government . It was true , that neither the ministers of the Methodists nor of the Quakers were educated at the public expence ; but they were few in comparison , and the Catholics formed the great body of the people of Ireland . If the priests had any influence over the Catholics , they should be educated with sentiments of domestic attachment , not with those of our political enemies . He doubted whether the priests had as much absolute influence over the people of Ireland as was supposed , and the cause was , that they were not well educated . If they wished the 97 Catholics of Ireland to be well conducted , they should make their priests objects , not of contempt , but of veneration . The Protestant religion was not to be extended by demoralising the Catholic clergy . They might civilise the people of Ireland , but could not make them Protestants . The saving proposed was very contemptible . The Catholics would gain by the larger grant , the Protestants would not lose , and the public could sustain no injury by it . On the whole , therefore , he should give his support to the amendment of his right hon . friend . gave his rote for the smaller sum , not from any indisposition to the great body of the Irish Catholics , but because 250 students , for whose education that sum was adequate to provide , were amply sufficient to supply the vacancies in 2000 parishes . He stated that 369 persons had been educated at the College of Maynooth , and that one fifth of these had not taken religious orders