efforts of the British farmer by depriving him of a most beneficial market for his produce , and by evincing a spirit of meddling 530 policy in the government , than which nothing was more alarming and more injurious to the merchant and manufacturer of every description ? Instead of depriving agriculture of a market which must diminish produce eventually , we should rather endeavour to extend those very markets which had already contributed materially to encrease the cultivation of every part of the united empire.—But , then , it was said , that we should stand in need of an immediate resource to answer the demand which the foreign corn had heretofore supplied , and which being withdrawn would leave a vacuum that it would be desirable to fill up by the grain consumed in the distilleries . It was also said , that the deficiency of last year 's crops of oats , barley , and pulse , added to the loss of the foreign corn , rendered it probable that a scarcity might yet ensue , and which had indeed been evinced already in parts of Scotland and Ireland . That there might be a pressure in particular districts in consequence of the failure of the oat crop , and the foreign import of oats , he could readily believe ; but the proposed measure would not then relieve those districts ; and that there was any appearance of a general scarcity , he must deny most positively . So far from it , the price of corn was such , as barely to give an adequate return to the grower ; wheat had not been higher than was necessary for that purpose ; and as to barley and oats their price at that time , did not pay so well as a very moderate price would do upon a good crop—Mr . W. said , the market price of the kingdom at large was the evidence upon which he founded his opinion that there existed no reason whatever to apprehend a scarcity . The market price was the best , if not the only criterion by which to judge of the suffciency of the supply to meet the consumption of the year . It was , in truth , the result of all the collective information of all the persons resident in every part of the kingdom , whose trade , employment , and interest it was , to obtain the most accurate knowledge possible of the proportion of supply and demand . There was no evidence equal to that derived from this source ; not all the committees of the house that ever sat , could afford information so much to be relied upon . It was absurd , then , to talk about a scarcity , when the markets indicated a plenty , and which the present price of wheat most undoubtedly did.—It was to be observed , likewise , that the price 531 was not only moderate , but it was and had been since last harvest peculiarly steady , less fluctuating perhaps than ever was known , and no stronger proof of sufficiency , and even plenty , could well be imagined , than what arose out of that single circumstance . It was really singular that any apprehension should be avowed of a scarcity of corn , when the price of wheat had been seen to remain at 70s . per quarter , or within one or two shillings under or over , since the last harvest ; and this in defiance of the known fact that the foreign supply was cut off ; nobody , he thought , could imagine that the corn merchants did not know the state of the foreign trade till informed by the Report of the West India Committee ; and yet no unusual speculations , no fluctuations of price had taken place ; that there might be both the one and the other , now that parliament had interfered ; was very probable , but hitherto it appeared as if the loss of the foreign trade had contributed to render the price more steady than