had reached the squadrons they were destined to relieve . He referred first to an order from the admiralty to the victualling board , requiring them to send out provisions of potatoes , onions , and live bullocks , for the several squadrons off L'Orient , Rochfort , and Ferrol ; the potatoes , three pounds per man a week for two months , the onions , half a pound a man per week , and as many live bullocks as she could conveniently stow : also to a letter from Mr. Barrow to lord Gardner , acquainting his lordship with those directions , and both dated 3d Dec. 1807 . He next referred to other papers to shew the actual state of sir R. Strachan 's squadron on the 1st of Dec. On the 3d Dec. the order was issued for forwarding the supplies by the Mediator , but no requisition was received at the admiralty till the 18th of Dec. ; and yet provisionary orders had been issued on the 3d of the same month . That letter was written on the 11th by lord Gardner , and did certainly state that there were not more than eight weeks provisions on board ; on the 21st , another letter came from lord Gardner , covering another from sir R. Strachan , of the 1st Dec ; and two days after , the 23d , the Mediator went into Portsmouth , and though then ready to sail , was not able to do so till the 6th of January , merely because the present board had not ingenuity enough to 136 controul the winds and the weather ! On the 21st , an order was issued for the sailing of the Superb and Spencer . But it had been objected , why were not those ships sent direct to sir Richard , without being first sent to lord Gardner ? The objection he was surprised at , because it betrayed such ignorance of the general routine , which was , that all blockading squadrons are subject to the controul of the commander of the Channel fleet . He next referred to a letter dated the 20th Dec , and received at the admiralty the 22d , from admiral Young , beginning , `` As a very considerable supply of provisions has been sent to the ships off Ferrol , and the Audacious will sail on Tuesday for that squadron with six months provisions , I submit to their lordships whether it may not be advisable to allow the provisions carried out by the Mediator to be divided between the squadrons off L'Orient and Rochfort , '' & c. He next adverted to lord Gardner 's letter , transmitting the state of sir Richard Strachan 's squadron , the bread being at two-thirds allowance on the 21st Dec. and then reminded the house of adm. Young 's letter of the following day , recommending a division of the provisions . The relief was ready to sail eight or nine days before , but prevented by bad weather ; and as soon as the weather permitted , the Spencer , Superb , and Cumberland , were sent directly to sir R. Strachan . He here took occasion to pay a high tribute to the professional merits of admiral Young , as the best port admiral in the navy . On the 31st Dec. the Colossus was ordered to join ; and there would be found the letter of admiral Young , requiring the two transports sent into Catwater , to be forthwith laden with two months provisions for 4,500 men , for the immediate relief of the Rochfort squadron.—He then entered upon the second division of the subject : the other serious charge was , that sir Richard had been compelled to abandon his station in consequence of want of provisions . He shewed what had been the state of the weather from the 21st of Dec. till the 6th of Jan. ; that it was so tempestuous as to prevent the relief going out , and that this and this only was what compelled sir R. Strachan to abandon his