their discretion . If the petition was to be sent back , and meetings should be called for obtaining signatures , it was not his fault . He would not undertake the responsibility of it . He could authenticate many of the signatures himself , as others could many more , and he therefore again put it to the good sense and discretion of the house , to receive the petition . observed , that there was not in any quarter a disposition to object to receiving the petition , but contended , that the usual practice of the house with respect to petitions , signed by many names , was of most substantial importance and real utility , and ought not to be departed from ; for much inconvenience might arise from a precedent so establised , however strong the inducement might be . explained , and desired to know , whether if the question should come to a vote and he should vote for receiving the petition , it would be any disrespect to the chair , after the statement of the practice of the house which had been so distinctly given from the Chair ? re-stated what he had antecedently communicated to the house ; and observed that it could be no disrespect to him , for any hon . member who thought otherwise , to vote according to his individual impression . He had when called upon , as it was his duty , stated the practice of the house to the best of his judgment ; and it would be for the house to decide , whether it would adhere to its regular practice , or depart from it in this instance . did not wish to reject the Petition ; on the contrary , he was desirous that it should be withdrawn , in order to its being presented in a more regular form . It . would be a painful duty , but if pressed in the present form , he must vote for its rejection . He was anxious that the Petition should be received , and as numbers could not add weight to the importance of the subject , the right hon . gent . by withdrawing the Petition , and presenting it to-morrow with any number of original signatures , would attain the end he desired . As Petitions were to be presented from the different counties of Ireland , the house would have the names authenticated annexed to these particular petitions . He had been informed of the circumstance respecting the Manchester Petition . One of the members for Cork had also presented a Petition , purporting to be from the merchants of that city , and in a few days after had informed him , that by letters received from that city , it appeared , that the great body of the merchants knew nothing of the matter till they saw it stated in the newspapers . He mentioned these cases , to show how loose the practice was becoming with respect to petitions , and how necessary it was to adhere to the regular practice . observed , that the case of the petition from the merchants of Cork did not at all bear upon the present petition . did not by any means wish that the house should depart from any rule laid down to regulate its proceedings ; but at the same time he thought , in perfect consistence with the rule on this occasion , the petition should be allowed to remain upon the table . He could not see why the fictitious signatures , if any such there were , were to invalidate the real ones . They might let them he dead , and count them for nothing ; and , surely , if fifty or sixty well-ascertained signatures could be made out , it would have the same effect as fifty or sixty thousand , since the importance of the petition was not attempted to be denied . He admitted , that if the signatures confessed to be real could be detached , it would be well ; but , unfortunately