was requisite in the introduction of it : he therefore begins by an address to the ruling passion of Tippoo 's mind , his bigotry and ambition to be universally considered as the chief pillar and champion of the Mahommedan faith . In this character , the nabob directs his address to him , and follows up his expressions of attachment to the faith , and to him the protector of it , by reprobating , as a confederacy formed for the subversion of religion , the war recently concluded . A war , ( if ever there was one ) strictly just and defensive on our part , and deriving its origin from the unwarrantable aggressions of the enemy ; after then adverting to the events of former hostility as past recal , the nabob declares his desire to establish a cordial harmony with the sultaun , and earnestly solicits the vakeel to forward his purpose , as pregnant with great and numberless benefits to both parties . Thus , sir , is laid the foundation of this extraordinary correspondence , an intercourse between the nabobs and the sultaun.—The subsequent conversation is said to have passed in the presence of lord Cornwallis . His expressions of attachment to Tippoo , his dislike of the war , are both expressed indeed , but expressed in more guarded terms . The circumstance , however , to which I particularly wish to call your attention in the conversation , is this , that not one syllable is breathed , which indicates the connection he had proposed in the former one . If , as it has been pretended , this was perfectly innocent , if he was acting only in conformity to the wishes of lord Cornwallis , and this connection was held out merely to conciliate the sultaun , without any serious intention attached to it , why this difference ? why the suppression of all mention of that which , if known , could , on these suppositions , be known only to his advantage ? —The next letter on which I wish to fix your attention , appears marked No . 4 . The contents of the intervening ones are confined to the sultaun and his ministers : they relate to a writing and a couplet connected with a secret commission he had entrusted to them , and which is satisfactorily explained in the evidence : on them , therefore , I shall offer no comments , but shall come to No . 4 . In this also a con- 334 versation is related between the nabob Wallajah and the vakeels , in which the former , after again connecting the sultaun with the cause and maintenance of religion , and praying to God to preserve him victorious and triumphant , is represented as adverting to his former conversation , and the proposition he had offered , and inquiring if the vakeels had communicated it to the sultaun , and received a favourable answer . They replied , they had communicated it ; and then proceeded to convey the answer with which they were charged , and which amounts to a ready acceptance of the proposition , on the ground of that friendship which ought to subsist amongst the professors of the Mahomedan faith—It is at least manifest from this letter , that the nabob attached an interpretation not quite consistent with barren compliment , to the proposition which he had hazarded . Had he felt that it was in the common course of complimentary intercouse between princes ; had he felt that in that light , the sultaun would have received and interpreted it , why this solicitude for an answer which , in its nature , could be nothing but an echo of his own idle and empty compliment ? The following letter still more confirms my inference , and shews that in the mind of Tippoo , no more than in that of the nabob , was the proposition in question considered as a mere unsubstantial illusion.—This is a letter from Tippoo Sultaun to his ministers , expressive of his sense of the friendship of the