, to have induced the hon . member to have made some communication to me , and not to have left me to suppose no opposition was intended , when , on the contrary , the hon . admiral came down dressed to make a set speech upon the occasion , and to oppose the production of the paper , to which he had given me reason to suppose he felt no objection whatever.—I have already stated to the house , that having in my possession an accurate copy of captain Dunn 's journal during the four days , which I now asked may be placed upon the table of the house , it is to myself very immaterial , in what manner the house may be pleased to dispose of the motion . Although I have no doubt but that the house will give me credit for what I assert , yet still for the regularity of our proceeding , it appears to me that it would be desirable to have the copy of the Journal upon your table . The notice of motion has now stood in your order book during several weeks , and therefore the hon . admiral with his friends , have had ample notice . I have further done much more than was either incumbent on me , or could have been expected . in explanation , expressed the greatest readiness to give facility to the examination of the charge preferred , which was in substance , that he had not , under all the circumstances , made the sort of attack he ought to have made . He had no doubt that the gallant admiral would be found to have done his duty to the utmost , on that , as on every other occasion . expressed great unwillingness to have these papers laid before the house . Though he did not doubt that those who proposed such investigations , were actuated always by patriotic motives , he did not think it right to institute inquiries into the conduct of naval and military commanders in that house in the first instance . If there was ground for a charge of neglect of duty in any case , the proper course was to represent the matter to the admiralty ; and if the charge appeared founded , it would be brought to trial before the proper tribunal , a court martial . He expressed a high respect for sir John 289 Duckworth 's character , without having the honour to know him , and declared his intention to take the sense of the house on the motion , if it should be persisted in.—After some further conversation col. Wood agreed to withdraw the motion . brought up the Report of the Committee of the whole House on the Claim of Mr. Palmer . It was read a first time . On the motion for the second reading , rose . He said he should ill discharge his duty , as one of the guardians of the public purse , if he did not declare that , in his judgment , the present was one of the most extraordinary and unjust grants of the public money he had ever witnessed . He was convinced the house had been surprised into the vote they had given . There were many opportunities , however , still remaining for a reconsideration of the question , which he hoped would not be omitted . He thought the present occasion would convince his right hon . friend opposite ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) of the impropriety , as his majesty 's concurrence was required where grants of public money were applied for , of lending that concurrence in cases where he was convinced that no claim ought to be sustained . He was by no means convinced , that any bargain had ever been entered into ; and on this head , he thought the house was equally bound to take the word of Mr. Pitt as of Mr. Palmer . But , supposing there had been such a bargain , and it was proved that Mr. Palmer