his former life , would take this case out of the general consideration of justice and equity , on which it ought to rest , and put it upon the issue of what a court of law should decide in interpreting the words of a particular grant . We have , not only the words of the grant before us , but the whole of the merits of the case ; and it is upon the view of these merits , combined with all that belongs to the character of this house and of the country , that it is becoming and fitting for us to decide.—Three questions present themselves to our consideration ; What was the bargain originally made ? Has that bargain been made good on the part of government ? By what means has Mr. Palmer forfeited his claim to it i—With a view to the last of these questions , it is desirable to say a word or two upon the first , and to recall to the house , what the nature and character was of the bargain originally made . It was not a mere grant to Mr. Palmer of a fixed remuneration formed according to the ideas then entertained of the merit of his Plan , but a reward placed upon the best possible footing on which rewards , in such cases , can be made to rest ; namely , such as should make the advantage to the projector rise or fall in exact proportion to the service which he should be found to have rendered—a rule that can be liable but to one objection on the part of the public ; namely , that of the proportion having been taken originally too high ; but which , if not objected to on that account , ( as it never had been ) , can hardly be objected to afterwards , on account of the absolute profits which , in observance of that proportion , it shall be found to produce . Whatever the fact may be , we shall never venture to avow , that we refuse to make good to Mr. Palmer the reward that was promised , because the advantages of his Plan to the public have turned out so much greater than was expected.—What is said , is , that his Claim has been forfeited by his misconduct ; and as this is a plea which has not , in the general nature , of it , any thing 235 to make it incapable of being true , it is necessary that its validity should be examined.—The original engagement made with Mr. Palmer was an allowance of 2½ per cent , to be computed on such increase in the revenues of the Post-Office as could fairly be ascribed to the effects of his Plan . It was a remuneration given for services already performed , and involved in it no consideration of any thing to be done by Mr. Palmer in future . The proof is that had Mr. Palmer at that moment wished to retire into the country , or , from health or liking , or any other cause , declined all further concern with government , there was nothing in the world to prevent him . His bargain was complete , and if his Plan produced any gain to the public he had nothing to do , in order to receive his proportionate part , but either to attend himself , or to furnish to some one a proper letter of attorney.—This was the bargain which unquestionably Government was ready to make with him , and which , I believe , was actually concluded . But it was thought , that a change in part might be advantageously made , and that instead of paying Mr. Palmer wholly in a percentage , part of what he was so to receive might be converted , beneficially to the public and profitably to himself , into an office to be held by him under the Post-Office , and he be enabled thereby to superintend the execution of his Plan , and thus to increase at once the