Pitt , about the same period , he had every reason to believe the minister considered the bargain exactly in the same point of view . said it was impossible Mr. Palmer could ever have intended to resign the positive Claim he had under the original Agreement , when he accepted of the appointment , and that it was a duty incumbent upon the country to prevent one of its greatest benefactors from reproaching them , not only with ingratitude but with dishonesty . referred to the Evidence already before the house , for a thorough conviction that the bargain had been regularly and positively made ; and thought it would be exceedingly disgraceful to refuse a small compensation for a very large benefit already derived and permanently possessed.—The Question now being called for , again rose , to state that he had considered it a duty to the Committee in the first instance to frame his motion upon their Report , but , in consequence of the difference of opinion expressed by an hon . member of it ( Mr. Croker , ) he should beg leave , for the sake of meeting their unanimity , and as far as he could that of the house , to withdraw his motion including the 1,500l . a year , and to substitute the Amendment for the percentage only . A division then took place on the amend- 252 ed motion , viz `` Resolved : That it is the `` opinion of this Committee , That Mr. `` Palmer is entitled to his percentage on `` the net increased Revenue of the Post `` Office beyond the sum of 240,000l. , to `` be paid him from the 5th day of April `` 1793 , and during his life , according to `` the provisions of the appointment of `` 1789 , deducting the sum of 3,000l . a year `` received subsequent to the 5th day of `` April 1793 . '' objected to its principle , which appeared to be this , that a debtor was to be subject to twelve months imprisonment for a debt of 20l . or under . This , he contended , was contrary to those sound principles of legislation which ought to regulate the law of debtor and creditor . Twelve months imprisonment was a severe punishment imposed for a great offence , and he saw no reason why an unfortunate debtor should be subjected to it . Another objection to this bill was , that there was no provision by which the fraudulent could be distinguished from the unfortunate debtor . contended , that his noble friend had in some degree misconceived the object of the bill , as it did not impose twelve months imprisonment upon a debtor ; the creditor might release him sooner . The only object of the bill was , that after having been imprisoned for 12 months the debtor might demand his discharge . He admitted that there were no means in this bill of distinguishing the fraudulent from the unfortunate debtor , nor was it practicable , but at the same time it was not likely that such frauds would be committed for the sake of obtaining an amount of less than 20l . He could not consent to give Tip imprisonment for debt , which was the security to the creditor for obtaining his debt if it was to be had ; and without such the creditor must frequently take the place of his dis- 253 charged debtor , and commercial credit be destroyed . observed , that under the law , as it now stood , a debtor might be imprisoned for an indefinite time ; but by the present bill he might , where the debt did not exceed 20l. , demand his discharge at the end of twelve months , his property being still liable ; this , therefore , he considered as a great advantage to debtors of that description . There was , he thought , a great error in some of the arguments respecting imprisonment for debt , as they seemed to suppose that one-half of mankind