regard to their claims , relief should be granted ? and finally , whether , if relief be granted , this mode of relief be the most advantageous to them , and least inconvenient to ourselves ? —First then , as to the domestic question in regard to our supply of corn . I am aware , sir , of the delicacy of this subject.—I know how very undesirable such discussions are when they can be avoided , and I am fully sensible of the mischiefs that may arise iron false alarm . But , Sir , when facts are brought before you , it is impossible not to know them ; when proved , it is impossible not to believe them : and of this I am sure , that at all times it is safest to speak truth , and that , if a false alarm may be dangerous , a false security may be fatal.—But whether it was right or wrong to stir this subject , it is not our doing . The question of scarcity was first brought forward by those who oppose us . It was they who called those witnesses , who proved the shortness of last year 's crop ; it was they who entered into those long examinations . We submitted with reluctance , and merely to avoid the imputation of partiality which would have been readily bestowed on us , had we resisted the course they chose to follow . Well , sir , they completely established their position , and proved the great deficiency of the last crop . This was done indeed , with a very different view , and for a very different purpose than that which resulted from it . They established the deficiency of the last crop , in order to justify the present high prices ; not observing , that while they were carrying a collateral point , they were cutting the main ground from under their feet ; forgetting that you can not know a thing for one purpose , and not know it for another ; and forgetting , that the crop could not at the same time be short , in order to justify high prices , and abundant , in order to justify non-importation.—Sir ; if we could divest ourselves of all bias that our minds may 499 have taken in the course of this contest ; if we could forget all the arguments that have been bandied about on both sides ; if we could suppose a house of commons quite new to the subject , and that the minister should come down and tell us , that the usual supply of corn to the amount of 800,000 quarters , on which the nation had hitherto depended for support , was stopt by the enemy ; if he farther informed us , that , on careful , enquiry , it appeared that our late crop was materially deficient , can there be a doubt that such information would excite a very serious sensation in the house ? Can there be a doubt that , if any member should discover within our reach a source from which this deficit could be supplied , he would be hailed with the most joyful acclamation ? It would probably next occur to us , that the most energetic measures should be adopted to prevent a recurrence of the case . Extension and improvement of agriculture would , doubtless , be our next concern : but would any man suppose that , with a view to these , we should refuse the immediate supply ? Would any man suppose it possible , that those who had not objected to the importation of corn from foreign states last year , when the crop was plentiful , would now object to an equivalent importation from our own colonies , when the crop had been notoriously deficient ? and that those who were so much alarmed at losing the usual source of supply , would be still more alarmed when a new source of supply were found in its place ? —I know very well that it is