it seemed but little to grant , but the refusal of which was felt as a severe mortification . It had been said that the Roman catholics did not desire the boon ; he admitted , that they had not petitioned for this privilege specifically ; but if they had not , it was because it was so small that they conceived it was impossible it could be refused . He believed that it was not the intention of the Irish parliament to exclude Catholics from the direction of the Bank ; and this opinion he supported by referring to the Act of 1793. brought in a bill for preventing the spreading of Small-Pox infection ; which was read a first and second time , committed , and ordered to be printed as amended . Lord Folkestone thought the bill ought to stand over till the next session of parliament— ; to which Mr. Fuller acceded . The bill was reported and ordered to be read a third time this day three months . having given notice of a motion for leave to bring in a bill to regulate and restrain the issue of Promissory Notes reissuable , stated , that on consideration ha was disposed to coincide generally in the representations of those who were of opinion that this credit , as well as every other , ought to be left as free as possible . But much mischief and confusion arose from , the frequent issues of very small notes to the amount of 15 or 20 shillings , the abuse of which was very general . To obviate this evil , he moved for leave to bring in a bill to prevent the issue of promissory notes under the amount of 20s . represented the propriety of guarding against the issue of checks by one partner of a banking house on his fellow partners for ten or fifteen shillings . was aware of the variety of shapes in which the abuse existed , and : had taken proper advice previous to the framing of this bill , as to the best means of discovering every species of abuse . represented the variety and extent of frauds formerly practised 811 by the issuers of notes under 1l . in Ireland ; and was therefore desirous that a remedy by proper restriction should be applied in this country as soon as possible . said the circulation of these small notes was owing to the deficiency of silver coin , and wished ministers to apply the only effectual remedy , which was a new silver coinage.—Leave was given to bring in the bill . pursuant to notice , rose to move for leave , to bring in a bill to amend the constitution of Courts Martial . He was aware of the objection against interfering with the prerogative . But the interference that he proposed would be far from infringing on the just rights of the crown . In no age had the crown the power of managing the whole administration of the army , at its unlimited discretion . The high constable and earl marshal in antient times regulated the affairs of the army under due responsibility . On the attainder of Stafford , duke of Buckingham , high constable in the reign of Henry VIII , that monarch assumed and exercised the whole powers of the superintendance and government of the army . But the arbitrary principles of that monarch , and his immediate successors , rendered these practices no precedent for the justice of modern times . 812 After the Revolution , when better principles and juster notions prevailed , William III . conceived that by the prerogative he had not powers to punish the mutiny of a Scotch regiment at Dumbarton , on the appointment of a foreign officer , the duke of Schomberg , to be their colonel . King William applied to parliament for powers adequate to the case , parliament passed the Mutiny Act , which was a standing precedent for parliamentary interference in the judicial administration of the army . He allowed that Courts Martial were , generally speaking , so constituted