made to remove them . expressed his satisfaction at the sentiments which the house had just heard from the right hon . gentleman . considered this to be a question of importance to the well-being of Ireland . Any new mode of levying the tithes did , indeed , present numberless obstacles : he hoped , however , they were not insurmountable , but such as might be overcome to the satisfaction of all parties by time and patience . He reposed all confidence in government that every means would be adopted to accomplish this object . stated , that he held in his hand a Petition on the subject from the county of Tipperary , but that after what had fallen from the right hon . gent . he should refrain from presenting it . was anxious to know whether or not his majesty 's government intended to take into their consideration the commutation of tithes in England as well as in Ireland . He deprecated any interference on this point in the one country which did not extend to the other . recommended , in strong terms , the measure of a commutation , which he was convinced would not be attended with any insuperable difficulty , and which he was satisfied would be as acceptable to the clergy as to the laity . He knew several instances in which clergymen had declared to him that they would be willing to abate a sixth of their clerical revenue , if it could be collected with more facility , 910 and in a manner less repugnant to their feelings . was by no means of opinion that this was an easy subject . In that part of England , where for many years he had been engaged in the discharge of his professional duties , the adjustment of tithes had ever been attended with more complication and difficulty than any other matter which had fallen under his notice ; and he had just been told by an hon . friend near him , that in the county of Devon a very vigorous attempt which had been made to arrange the commutation of tithes had been abandoned , on the experience of the impossibility of success . trusted that the people of Ireland would not relax in their petitions to parliament on this subject , fully convinced as he was that whatever might be said by his majesty 's government , it was to parliament alone that eventually they must look for redress . He completely differed from the hon . and learned gent . who had just spoken , with respect to the nature of the difficulties by which this subject was surrounded . In his opinion they were difficulties which a little attention might obviate . In cases of inclosure they were obviated at present , and he could not conceive why the principles which applied to inclosures might not be generally diffused over the whole system of the country . While he was on his legs he would say a few words on a subject in which he was more personally concerned . At the close of the last session of parliament , in consequence of the passing of two bills , which as they were now legislative acts , he would not characterise in the terms of abhorrence which justly belonged to them , he had given a solemn notice of his intention early in the present session of parliament , to move for a committee to examine the general state of Ireland . On the meeting of parliament , however , he had been induced by the recommendation of those to whose advice he must ever listen with deference on all subjects , and more especially on every thing which related to Ireland , to postpone his motion until after the discussion of the Catholic Petition ; a discussion , the good effects of which on the general feeling of the house and of the country , were very plainly discernible . Since that discussion he had been induced still further to delay his motion by various motives , of which the approaching consideration of