consider as most iniquitous . He should then , however , in the most regular and public manner , enter his protest against it . did not rise to oppose the bill . Burdened as the country already was with a load of taxes , its situation was perhaps such as , under the present circumstances , to call for and justify some addition to that burden . His object in rising now was to avail himself of the privilege of a peer of parliament , and offer some advice to his majesty 's ministers which the present posture of affairs suggested to his mind . He hoped it might not be deemed irregular or unparliamentary to offer that advice , and put a few questions to his majesty 's government , at a moment when parliament was voting supplies for the current services of the year . In stating , however , his opinion to the house , it was by no means his wish to draw any answers from the ministers which they should not deem it perfectly proper and safe to make ; 1107 indeed , he looked for no answers or observations at all respecting the subjects he should touch upon , unless his majesty 's ministers thought it consistent with their duty and the present critical state of affairs , to enter into some explanation of them . The points to which he obviously alluded , and on which the public attention most anxiously hung , were the present situation of Spain and Sweden . The most wanton ambition , the foulest perfidy , the most cruel oppression , had lately displayed themselves in Spain , to a degree unparalleled , he believed , in any age or country . These excesses had fired the Spaniards with becoming indignation and resentment , and they were now endeavouring to resist the power which was preparing to overwhelm them . Such a spectacle must at all times be interesting to Englishmen ; but it must be peculiarly so at the present moment . There was no man but must wish success to a generous people thus struggling in the glorious cause of the maintenance of their independence ; no man , he was sure , could more cordially wish them success than he did , or would more willingly concur in the proper means of promoting and ensuring that success . But what were the best mode and the proper conditions by which Spain could be assisted ? He did not pretend to know the particular circumstances in which Spain was placed , or the degree of hope that might be entertained of the success of these who were endeavouring to resist the sternest tyranny , instigated by the most desperate ambition , that ever was attempted to be exercised by any potentate over the independence of nations . Louis XIV . it was true , aspired to universal monarchy , but in a milder way , and with means less terrible . More formidable abilities , and more accumulated forces , were now to be contended against , and the issue was of the highest moment , not only to Spain , but to this country , to Europe , and the world . What part his majesty 's ministers were prepared to act at so critical a juncture , he could not conjecture . They had at present in this country delegates from the brave people in Spain , who seemed determined to stem the torrent by which they were to be swept into servitude . From these , and of her sources , he hoped they might be enabled to collect the best information of the real state of that country , and of the probability of success with which so bold and hazardous a struggle might be attended . With such information before them , what would be their con- 1108 duct ? This was the point which excited his anxiety . Would they hold out encouragement and assistance to the Spaniards who were now in arms against the invaders , before they saw any form of government established in the country with