through lands flowing with ministerial milk and honey . When the noble lord travelled through the country , he liked to have comfortable stations on his right and on his left to bait at . He left the house and the country to consider whether the noble lord 's dressed soldiers with their military coats and breeches , facings and flat hers , and bands of music , had at such expence and with so much vexation , with the disturbance of the occupations and the injury of the morals of the people , with the unlimited patronage annexed , was to be preferred to his system of training , which without any derangement of industrious occupations and moral habits rendered the men equally effective . He would not take up more of the time of the house at present , but reserve himself for the future stages of the bill . replied shortly to the several objections made against the bill . He had been taxed , he said , with having borrowed a great part of the materials from the plan of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) , and he was free to own , that in some instances that might be the case . He was by no means ashamed of borrowing any idea from the right hon . gent. , as he was extremely desirous to give the country every possible advantage which it could derive from the talents of the right hon . 115 gent . in military improvements , and as he was at the same time equally desirous to save the country from every possible expence , without recurring to the system of substitution . He was , therefore , not a little surprised , that the right hon . gent . should be so sore at his having adopted a favourite child of his own . He concurred with his hon . friend behind him ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , that it was necessary the country should know the extent of the danger of the present moment , and the extreme necessity there was of guarding effectually against it ; and for that purpose , that our present existing force should be of a permanent nature . It was evident , that the enemy was now possessed of such an extent of coast as required much more extensive and effectual measures to guard against his future attacks . He had formerly brought down his troops to Boulogne , and from thence alone had threatened us with an attack ; but he was now possessed of the port of Flushing , and that was a point from which he might severely annoy us , and against which it behoved us to be particularly and adequately prepared . We had now not less than 200,000 effective men , rank and file , of regular force , taking together our Army and Militia : we could not add more than 50 or 60,000 men in the usual course , and how , then , were we to obtain such a number as would answer the purpose of acting with the regular army ? He was convinced the mode proposed by the right hon . gent , of training men by the exercise of 24 days , was not likely to make them such soldiers as would be able to stand against the French troops whenever they might arrive in this country . He was , therefore , desirous to make the most advantageous provision that the nature of the case would admit of . If we could not have the best , we must take the next best ; and if we could not have the required force out for the whole time that might be wished , we must take them for such a length of time as the circumstances of the country would allow . He could by no means see how this kind of force proposed to be raised by this bill was so inadequate as had been represented . It very nearly approximated to the force proposed to be raised by the General Training act of