the company 's affairs , the conduct of the hon . gent . this evening , was such as to detract much from the weight of any observations which he might in future make upon the report when it was made.—The motion was accordingly withdrawn . rose to move an instruction to the committee to enable Roman-Catholics to become directors of the Bank of Ireland . In bringing this proposition forward , he felt that he should have to encounter very great difficulty , not from the complexity of the subject , but from the task of ' obviating an objection , if any objection could possibly exist , against adopting a measure of conciliation to the Roman-Catholics of Ireland . The charter of the Bank of Ireland was granted in 1782 , and the Roman-Catholics were then excluded from the direction , agreeably to the spirit of the penal laws . In the act of 1793 , the bar to their admission was intended to be removed ; but this intention was frustrated by the omission of a single word in the act . He had heard it argued , that it would be prudent to allow this obscurity to remain ; but he asserted that now , when the house was legislating upon the subject , by allowing the doubt to remain which at first was merely accidental , the catholics were placed in a worse situa- 809 tion than they were in before . As to the propriety of the measure itself , the noble lord contended that the boon would be furnishing to the catholics an additional motive of attachment to the government of the country . The only possible objection that he could conceive to it was , that it was not considered as material by the catholics themselves . This he did not believe to be the case ; but whether it was the case or not , it was most important , considering the present sensibility ( the morbid sensibility he might term it ) of the catholics of Ireland , that the house should lose no opportunity of manifesting some feelings of kindness and benevolence towards them , especially after its recent refusal to enter into a detailed examination of the merits of their Petition . The noble lord concluded with moving an instruction to the committee , to introduce a provision into the bill , to enable Roman-catholics to be chosen governors , or directors thereof , provided they have taken the oaths of the 13th , 14th and 33d of George the 3rd . was as friendly to every proper measure of conciliation to the Roman-Catholics as the noble lord , but he asserted that there was no reason for introducing such a change into the constitution of the Bank of Ireland , which change never had been made in the charter of the bank of England , particularly when the present state of Ireland was considered , and when it was recollected that the change was unsolicited by the Roman-catholics themselves . [ Hear , hear , from the opposition . ] Gentlemen might cry 'hear ' but he stated that in two meetings of the proprietary which had lately taken place , no mention whatever had been made of the subject . He should therefore oppose the resolution , as tending to introduce a needless innovation into the charter . argued , that according to every fair construction of the act of 1793 , there was no reason to think that that act of the Irish parliament meant to leave Roman Catholics eligible to the government and direction of the Bank of Ireland ; and as to the time at which the proposition was made , viz . after having refused to accede to the prayer of their Petition , it appeared rather surprising that it should be urged , that we ought to indemnify the Roman Catholics for refusing to them what they were desirous of having , by granting that which they did not ask , and upon which they sat no value at all . said , that this was one of those things which