court ; but if the court went on different grounds , the decisions contain nothing to show it . When the court is divided , nothing appears to show the division ; there is no appreciating in such a case the value of the decision , by the weight of the reasoning , or the character of the judges on the one side or the other . When the cases come to the court of appeal , the opinions of the judges below ( which are now always asked for ) are only to be had from notes ill taken by persons who , from want of habit in taking them , for reports to be published , are not possessed of the art of taking notes . In one recent instance , indeed , the notes of the judges speeches have been revised by themselves , and printed ( in the late case respecting the augmentation of ministers ' stipends ) ; but this has been very rare , and is not generally practicable , as the judges , even if they were inclined to it , have not always time for it . What I wish , therefore , is , that some plan should be suggested by the report of the commissioners , which may induce the legislature , to put an end to the present system of reporting in Scotland , and to put it on the footing on which it has always stood in this country.—From the period of the year-books to the present time , from the reigns of the Henrys and the Edwards , to the publication of the last number of the Term Reports , it has been the constant and invariable course to give the opinions of all the-judges , when they delivered their opinions seriatim , or to give the solemn judgment of the chief when he delivers the opinion of all the court . It is this habit and custom which has not only served to form the character of English judges and English courts , but it is this which has been the means of unfolding the great and leading maxims of the law , of illustrating and confirming them , and handing them down from age to age , so as to trace them with certainty to the text authors ; enabling us thus to confirm their doctrines and principles , or to correct them , and has thereby fixed the law of England upon sure unalterable principles ; and thus the reports of English cases are calculated at once to inform 1080 the mind of the student , refresh the recollection of the practising lawyer , to give certainty to the law , and security to our civil rights . These topics have been often dwelt upon by those whose pursuits have led them to consider this subject . But it has been more ably unfolded by a noble friend of mine , in his preface to the reports of the cases decided in the Court of King's-bench , in the time of lord Mansfield , than by any other writer on the law whatever—I mean lord Glenbervie . We are all , sir , well acquainted with the excellence of his reports on subjects materially connected with a most important branch of the duties of this house . But his reports of the decisions of election committees are not more eminent in their line than his law reports are in theirs . I am sure I do not go beyond what all the persons of the profession of the law , now listening to mc , and the bar and bench throughout , will support me in , when I say , that that work , in all its parts , stands as high in reputation as the most eminent reports in the law of England , and that the preface to that work , which gives the history and effect of law reports in England , is most accurate in its details , and most sound in its conclusions . Every part of that preface is , for this purpose , well worth perusing