that sort of influence ! The proceedings with respect to a late measure ( the Reversion bill ) were fully illustrative of this point . The absence of the right hon . gent . 's colleagues on the present occasion , was probably owing to a sort of compromise which did not yield obedience to such influence , nor yet decidedly resist its interposition . The money which was the subject of the present debate , was in amount little to give , but was every thing to refuse . It was not a fourth part of what within the last 24 hours had been voted for a more ample provision for the Scotch judges , a provision very proper where service had been done to give a claim to it , but in his opinion , not so proper where there had been no service . The principle of the education of the Catholic clergy had received the countenance of the nominal head of the present administration , who , if he preserved a shred of any principle , was bound to support it now . It had also received the countenance of lord Westmoreland and lord Camden , both members of the present cabinet , when in the situation of lords lieutenant of Ireland . It had been sanctioned by the revered lord Cornwallis , the respected lord Hardwicke , and the late chief governor of Ireland . considered the present as a subject of considerable delicacy , and the difficulties arising out of the subject itself were not a little aggravated by the manner in which it had been discussed , and which tended to produce irritation rather than conciliation . He should have expected something better from the patriotism of the noble lord , and of those with whom he acted , and it was not without very great pain that he had heard the mode of argument to which they had this evening resorted . Toleration , he said , as explained both by Mr. Locke and Rousseau , was to leave to others the right of professing and teaching their own religious principles in their own way , as far as was compatible with the peace and security of society , 125 This degree of toleration was denied to Ireland some years ago , but it was now extended to that country ; and as far as an establishment was supported at the public expence , for the purpose of instructing a particular class , differing in sentiment from the established religion of the country , we went beyond the bounds of toleration , and instead of acting upon the principles of bigotry and intolerance , we exercised a degree of liberality unknown in any other country . When he recollected the history of past times , it was impossible for him not to be jealous of the Roman-catholic religion . We could not judge of the nature and tendency of this religion from its influence on certain individuals of high rank , whose minds were , liberalized by intercourse with the most refined classes of society . The only way to judge of it was , to see its effects upon the great bulk of the people . No man was a greater enemy to persecution , or a greater friend to toleration , than he was ; but , he hoped to be forgiven for entertaining some solicitude that the protestant religion should at least have fair play . doubted his hon . colleague 's practical regard for toleration , when he recollected his opposition to a bill to enable dissenters to hold commissions in his majesty 's service . He was as warm a friend to the protestant religion as his hon . colleague ; but it was because he was a friend to protestantism that he wished to enlighten the catholics ; for this was the most likely means of gaining them over to the protestant faith . contended , that the present was not a question of toleration or of bigotry , but of pure legislation . It was only by conferring benefits upon the Roman-catholics that their affections