indictment , but by any justice of the peace , upon a charge of misdemeanor . With respect to informations filed ex officio , by the attorney-general , he was a sworn officer : he never filed 420 such informations without previous affidavits to substantiate the charge ; and when an information was filed by the attorney-general , it was a presentment upon oath , as much as that of a grand jury . He did not see , therefore , that any injury was to result from holding to bail upon such informations . With respect to indictment and information , it should be recollected that a person accused had much better means of justifying himself in the latter case than in the former . Before a grand jury the evidence was ex parte , and the proceedings secret . A person accused had no means of punishing another for a false accusation before a grand jury , nor could he indict a witness who had given evidence before a grand jury for perjury ; in the case of an information granted by the court of king 's bench , the accused must be served personally with the rule to shew cause , which was only granted on affidavit ; he might then file affidavits , shew cause , and have all the advantage of the argument of counsel . Information filed ex officio by the attorney-general being grounded on affidavit , a party falsely accused might indict the person making such affidavit for perjury . He thought the provisions of the bill were humanely adapted to give relief to the prisoner . As to his being tried in his absence , that was out of the question : persons tried for misdemeanors in the court of king 's bench , were scarcely ever present at their trials . This bill would also prevent a person sent to prison for want of bail , from remaining there , as it might , happen for years , without the means of bringing on his trial ; another provision in his favour was , that the judge who tried him , although not a judge of the king 's bench , might discharge him if acquitted . He considered the bill , therefore , as favourable to persons in the situation alluded to , instead of at all tending to make their condition worse . condemned the principle of extending regulations made with an immediate view to the collection of the revenue , to other cases . With respect to the bill , he admitted there was nothing in it affecting the Trial by Jury , as supposed by the noble earl ( Stanhope ) , and that the objection of trying a man in his absence did not apply to it . He contended , however , that the bill did make an alteration in the law as it now stood , and for which no necessity had been shewn ; namely , in holding to bail upon informations filed ex officio by the attorney-general . These 421 information , it had been said , were filed upon affidavit ; but the attorney-general was not compelled to file them upon affidavit , he might file them without any affidavit . It was not to be supposed for a moment that his learned friend , the present attorney-general , would do any act that was in the slightest degree improper ; but he objected generally , to the principle of holding to bail upon informations filed by the attorney-general , which might or might not be founded upon affidavit , and thereby giving to the attorney-general the power of a grand jury . No necessity had been shewn for this bill , and he thought it much better that the law should stand as it did , than that they should run the risk of exciting discontent or dissatisfaction by altering it , and by giving power of holding to bail in slight offences , in libels , and constructive breaches of the peace , which might , at some period or other , be used oppressively against the subject .