Exchequer ; which maintains 17,000 seamen for your navy ; which takes off six millions of your manufactures , and which has contributed , within these last twenty years , more to the balance of your foreign trade than any other class , has , as the return for its own capital and industry , left—not one shilling ! —Presuming , then , that the extremity of the case is no longer questionable : the next enquiry will be as to its real cause , and its proper remedy . The immediate cause is obvious ; namely , that the importation of their main staple commodity , sugar , far exceeds the demand ; and that , consequently , its price has fallen so low , as barely to cover the charges of production , duty , freight , & c. Thus their profits are reduced to nothing : while all the burthens imposed on them , and supportable only in times of prosperity , remain unmitigated.—Had this excess of importation beyond the demand arisen merely from the spontaneous produce of our old islands , or even from a gradual decline of * It is said , these are not taxes on the planter , but on the consumer . This is however not the case . It can not be laid down as a general proposition , that taxes fall either on the producer or the consumer : for , according to circumstances , they will fall on either , or on both : and this depends on the degree of supply and demand . I prove it thus : There must be a maximum of price at which consumption will cease , and a minimum at which production will cease . Now then , suppose this maximum to exist , a fresh tax would necessarily full on the producer : for , according to the premises , the consumer can pay no higher price . If , on the other hand , the price be at its minimum , a fresh tax must fall on the consumer ; for the producer can go no lower . Intermediate cases must be governed by the same principle . 506 our domestic consumption , these things might be fairly left to recover their due proportion : and certainly , the colonies , though , under any particular pressure , they might have , asked for relief , and though , under particular circumstances , it might have been wise on our own account to have granted it ; yet they could have claimed nothing as a right . But if it is by your acts , and by acts of which you derive the benefit , that the due proportion of supply and demand has been destroyed ; and that , by your assistance only , the level can be restored , they have a right to apply not only to your liberality and policy , but to your justice.—The case is glaring . By your conquests , almost all the sugar in the world is forced into this market , and , by the conquests of Buonaparte , here it is confined . I admit indeed , that the production of the old colonies has been somewhat extended * but not in the same degree with our domestic consumption ; so that this can not be assigned as a reason for withholding relief , at least in as far as the evil has arisen from your own acts , in which they had no interest , and over which they had no controul . Much pains has been taken not only to justify the refusal of relief by representing that their distress arose from extended speculations , but to mark these with an opprobious character . Extended agriculture is doubtless a speculation : but why a gambling speculation ? I wish to know , sir , whether British subjects , acquiring or inheriting land in the British colonies , forfeit not only their right ( as it would seem they do ) to equal favour , but also the right to have their actions tried by the same standard of