arrears due to Mr. Palmer with the grant of per-centage , to be authorized by the Bill for which he had moved . He conceived , that the proper way of providing for the arrears of the per-centage would be by a vote of the house in the committee of supply . wished to know out of what fund it was proposed to take these arrears . replied , that that would be for the house itself to determine whenever it should regularly come before it ; but if he might hazard a conjecture , he should be inclined to think , that the Post Office Revenues , which had been so considerably benefited by Mr. Palmer 's invention , would be the fittest source to draw upon , for whatever further compensation it might be deemed necessary to remunerate him with . then said , that certainly if the house still considered the original Agreement as valid and binding , the Arrears could only be taken out of that revenue : now , that revenue was yearly carried to the Consolidated Fund , and therefore out of that fund the arrears must in fact be taken . But he believed that that could only be done by an act of parliament , and not by a vote of the house . He might quote many precedents in support of this opinion , and indeed there was even one in the present session , namely , the pension to lord Lake , which was granted both retrospectively and prospectively , and part of which was in fact for the payment of a debt or arrears from 1803 . This mode , then , was not only supported by precedent , but was also important in another point of view , as affording the other house of parliament , possessed of coordinate powers , an opportunity of investigating the whole Claims of Mr. Palmer , and thus reviewing the subject , and per- 475 haps correcting the opinions of this house . This he conceived was much preferable to a simple vote of the Arrears in this house ; and upon looking back to the Journals , he had observed that the lords had in a variety of instances corrected the too profuse liberality of the commons in granting to individuals on the score of discoveries . Here the hon . member mentioned several instances of this sort , and concluded by moving , that the word `` future '' be left out in the motion , for the purpose of having the whole Claims submitted to the lords . opposed the remuneration altogether . He thought Mr. Palmer , by his own misconduct , had violated the principles of his Agreement , and forfeited his claim to the remuneration . Justice was always represented with a scale in one hand and a sword in the other . He never could divest that goddess of her attributes , or think that reward should take the place of punishment . rose to move his promised Resolutions respecting the Expedition to the Dardanelles , but from the manner in which his speech was delivered , it was impossible , with the utmost attention , to catch more of it than suffices for a mere summary , he began by observing , that from the public notice which this Expedition , with all the circumstances connected with it , had excited , it was necessary that some inquiry should be instituted concerning it , a thing equally due to those who had planned it , and those to whom the execution had been entrusted . He stated , that before he had seen these Papers , he was rather inclined to think favourably at least of the object of the expedition ; but he was now of opinion that it was founded 476 neither in justice nor policy . In order to prove the injustice of the Expedition , he entered upon the consideration of the nature of the connection between this country and the Porte , and said , that the only ground we had for interference , was , the treaties of