made peace on equal grounds , it would be no peace . It was necessary for us to put forth and array our strength in such a manner , as not only to render our coast invulnerable in war , but also to shew the enemy that he had no chance of accomplishing his object in peace , and to teach him to make up his mind to live in the world with one power , which he could not hope either to conquer or to intimidate . In this view , however high an opinion he had of the volunteers , he conceived it would be unwise to leave the permanent defence of the country dependent upon the feelings of individuals ; and he conceived it right to propose a system , invariable in its operation , which would prevent the public security from being ever compromised.—Having stated this outline of the considerations which led to the adoption of the plan he was about to propose , he would now proceed to explain the ideas of his majesty 's ministers with respect to the existing system of subsidiary defence , and the alterations they proposed to introduce upon it . An act was passed some time since , for the general training of the people . He had , in the last session , brought in a Bill for completing the returns under that act , and regulating the mode in which the ballot should be applied to them . The ballot , however , could be applied only to a small 42 proportion of the returns , and even then there was not sufficient compulsion to render it effectual . It was necessary to state to the house , without reserve , the view his majesty 's ministers had of that training act . The intention of it was , to enable ministers to advise his majesty to train 200,000 men out of the whole population . The parish officers were to do the duty of military officers and drill Serjeants towards those men . But neither was the training adequate , nor would the men be of any use when so trained . The time of the year when the men were brought together under that act , and the place where they were to be assembled , were equally improper ; and they were turned out of the hands of their trainers unfit for any service , and without any obligation to any except in the event of invasion . There were some who considered training of value , with embodying . He was of a different opinion . He considered it of little use to have men trained unless they were regimented . The regiments of regulars , volunteers , or militia , into which they should be put after such imperfect training , would have little benefit from them . If trained in regiments they would be of real utility . The training of the whole number of 800,000 , which number the Bill proposed successively to train , would have been a very general hardship without any benefit , or an imperfect and contingent one , except in case of incorporation . The volunteer training was such as to leave the men in a state of perfect discipline , fit for service , without any further instruction , whenever the exigency should arise . But , while the general training , in this view , was more vexatious than beneficial , there was another view in which it was serviceable . The men might be trained up so as to be qualified to fill the ranks of the militia and regular army , and , if it should be necessary to make use of them , they would be ready . Instead of training the whole military classes , a sufficient number might be trained to cover any probable exigency that might be expected to arise . The regular army at home at present amounted , with the militia , to 200,000 men , exclusive of artillery . The regular army , if raised to one hundred men to each company , which