have offered to the Catholics of Ireland have been still worse . What could be more galling to them than the late appointment of a privy counsellor , who is marked out for his singular hostility to them in every particular . And then again , 635 the manner in which the Petition was objected to in point of form when first offered to the house was calculated to make the most unfavourable impression upon the minds of the Catholics . Nothing could be more wounding to their pride than the indignities which have of late been studiously offered to them , in the year 1805 the Catholics petitioned parliament . The result we know . In the year 1807 they did not petition . They were advised not to petition . Why did they follow that advice ? Because they confided in the party that advised them . They saw conciliation in every act of administration towards them . Relying on the faith of government , they abstained from petitioning . They found themselves again , on the sudden , disappointed , and in the year 1808 nothing is left for them but to petition again , in order to be heard . But you say that this question should be so decided to-night as that they may be discouraged from repeating their application . Do you wish to drive them from this house for ever ! I entertain no such thought . I hope , and I confidently trust , that this subject will perpetually recur until it shall become successful . I do hope that the Catholics will come before us from time to time until they shall become successful in their application . Let me intreat this house to remember , that in Ireland , by I know not what fatuity , concessions have always come too late . Not too late for any good effect , but too late for the intended effect , that of satisfying those to whom it was made : neither should the house forget what dean Swift said of Ireland , which , if true , accounts for the discontents of its people : 'That it is a country which has always been pillaged and plundered . ' Remember the words of Mr. Eden when he was entering on his mission : 'That the emergency was so great , the time so short , that he could not go home , but had a post chaise at the door of the house of commons . ' This is an instance of the necessity of dispatch . But do you take care that you do not delay this subject so long that the Catholics may , at last , refuse to receive your messenger when he shall arrive with your concessions to them ; for the time is approaching fast when you must do all they require . I see the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer appears indignant at this . I wish to know on what terms the different members of the king 's government are with each other upon this 636 subject . I know that the duke of Portland , is , nominally , at the head of the present administration . He was once a strenuous friend to the Catholics . Is he true to his point ? Is he 'the son of their table ? ' and are they 'planets that are not able , without his beams , to shine ? '—But to conclude ; I wish to know whether it would not be better for all parties that we should go into this committee ? No , says the chancellor of the exchequer , you should not , for nothing will satisfy the Roman Catholics but the absolute formation of a new establishment in the Church of Ireland . No , says the noble lord , for this inquiry will lead to the emancipation of the Catholics . To which I say , not necessarily to either ; for the committee will not be bound to adopt any one measure which may be proposed . They will only have to inquire