punishment were only resorted to in such instances as would justify its continuance for life , it would be cutting off all hope of return to the old scene of their criminality , and probably correct those vicious propensities they had formerly indulged in . He concurred most heartily in remitting , in several instances , the punishment of death , for other less punishments . Though he was decidedly in favour of the system of giving a latitude to the discretionary power of the Judge , in proportioning the severity of the punishment to the nature of the crime . considered it a defect in the law of England , not to extend transportation to the natural period of the criminal 's existence . He reprobated the idea of increasing the discretionary power of the judge . The law , he thought , should be clear , discriminatory , and decisive , and the less was left to the arbitrary will of the judge , the better . It had been said , that as there were many shades of difference , it would be better the judge should have a proportionate option : admitting even this position , still it would not follow , that transportation for life would not be a national as well as an individual advantage . Whatever might be the nature of the confinement , or punishment , as it was termed , of transportation , it was certain , a temporary banishment was productive of no good effects to the morals of the convicts . Was it , then , proper to send so many young persons and children out to that colony for a short space , who , in the course of nature , might be expected to return pregnant with all the accumulated contagion of those more experienced offenders , who had grown old in habitual vice and infamy ? From his present view of the importance of this subject , he assured the house he would early in the next session move , that a Committee be appointed to take into consideration what advantages had followed the introduction of the present system . the chairman , thought the most regular way of introducing the present clause to the consideration of the house , would be by first reporting progress , and then moving in the house , that 886 an instruction be given to the committee to introduce the present clause , after which it might at leisure be discussed in the committee . observed , that he had not justly incurred the censure so liberally bestowed on him , of indulging in wild theories . The imputation he thought unjust , and undeserved : his intentions were to restore , not to shake , the foundation of the common law . The clause he censured as altogether objectionable . The duration of the punishment for seven years was sufficient to answer all the purposes expected . He wished , if possible , the clause should be received , in order that it might be fully discussed , when the house was in possession of both the act itself and the clause in point . thought very few of those transported for seven years ever were able to come back at the expiration of their sentence : this , so far from being a national benefit , was a national reflection on our justice.—The bill was then recommitted , and the clause added to it ; and the house having resumed , the report was received , and ordered to be taken into further consideration on Wednesday . rose , and spoke as follows : — '' Mr. Speaker ; however I may regret that the proposition which I had the honour of giving notice that it was my intention to bring forward this evening , has been postponed until this late hour , and that the attention of the house must be considerably exhausted by the discussion which has just terminated , yet , sir , I still think it right to submit to their consideration , the important subject which was the object of that notice .