peculiarly incumbent on the house , in the name of the people of England , to declare openly to the world , that the British parliament never did or will countenance any act of oppression and injustice in its Indian government . And , as evidence of its sincerity , this house resolves forthwith to appoint a committee to inquire into the before mentioned act of the assumption of the Carnatic , the alleged motives thereof , and the particulars of the treatment of the family of our late ally , the nabob Mahomed Ally , and of the prince Ally Hussein , the lawful successor to the musnud of the Carnatic ; and that it be an instruction to the said committee , to inquire into , and to report , whether any and what reparation can or ought to be made to the said family , for the injuries they have sustained by the usurpation of the said Azeem ul Dowlah ; and that they ; may further report their opinion by what means the British character can be most effectually rescued from the obloquy and odium incurred from the above conduct of its servants , and how the British interests in India may be best secured from injury thereby . '' on his legs , stating that although convinced of the culpability of marquis Wellesley , he did not impute to him corrupt motives or personal feelings . He had acted in a manner which he conceived to be for the advantage of the East India company and the country : much was he mistaken in so conceiving ! But the question was not upon the motives by which the noble marquis was actuated , but whether what he did was not prompted by a false ambition for the aggrandizement of his country ; and whether that ambition was not gratified by the vio- 923 lation of every principle of justice . What effect would such conduct have on the British character ? It was said the good of the country was promoted . It was for the house to decide on this ; the materials were before them ; every paper was produced ; they were masters of the subject , and it was for them to determine whether they should or should not make these actions their own , and sanction a policy , as it appeared to him , so remote from wisdom or justice . This was a serious and important question ; and for the honour of : the British character , he was grieved to witness such a division as had just taken place . Of late years many wicked and designing men had , by their writings and actions , endeavoured to bring the parliament of the country into contempt . They had maliciously attempted to bring disgrace on the legislative of the empire ; but he would seriously ask , whether all such persons could do , or any species of malice or abuse , had one-thousandth part of the effect of such a circumstance as this going out on a question which involved the national character in the nearest degree for policy , justice , and humanity , with only four or five members more than was absolutely requisite to decide on the most unimportant business . This was not a sound for the moment , it was not a transaction to be speedily forgotten . The papers now before them would be read and considered by future ages . It was not the character of the governor-general of India alone , it was the character of the British nation which would be recorded and commented on by the historian.—From his pen it would appear to future times , that after a lapse of years , the affairs of the Carnatic were brought before the British parliament ; that every paper and species of information was in their view ; that the subject had been frequently and amply discussed ; and that even such was the notoriety of the circumstances , that not a single member could be excused for not being perfectly conversant with them . It