He was restrained in doing so , not merely from the lateness of the hour , but really from a sort of despondence he entertained that any arguments which could be offered could have any weight with a majority of the house , who seemed , in opposition to reason and evidence , disposed to pass a vote rather of approbation than censure . He could not suffer the subject to pass by without making a few observations upon some of the arguments urged by the noble lord . The principle contended for by the noble lord in support of the policy of the East India company in India , reminded him of the last line of a song , written by Dr . Swift for a highwayman , 'Every man round may rob if he pleases . ' In the annals of injustice , and in the annals of romance , what could be more preposterous than this principle ? In alluding to the manner in which the evidence upon this subject was forced from Ally Rhezzi , it was impossible to come at the truth by such a mode of examination as that adopted on that occasion . The effect of torture was not to produce truth , but to produce only that which the person inflicting torture wished to be told . The construction put upon this evidence reminded him of a passage in the works of lord Shaftesbury , in reference to torture , that he would produce , out of the words , 'My son Tommy has got the piles , ' a very good plot against the house of Hanover . He regretted extremely that the house had not the aid of his learned friend ( the solicitor-general ) on this side of the motion , who made so great a figure on the trial of Mr. Hastings ; but , it would seem , the principle by which we were to be guided , was that the natives of India had no rights , that we had no duties , and that all was to depend upon the decision of our majorities . He firmly believed , that for the enormities committed by the British power in India , in all the enormities under all the successive variations of the French Revolution , and by no means recently under Buonaparte , no parallel was 941 to be found . If , then , they could not find a parallel in Europe for the enormities committed in India , how could it be supposed that the votes of the house of commons were to effect any reformation ? He would wish he could separate the man from the conduct , but , unfortunately , both must be taken together . As to the motives of the noble , marquis , what was the use of any enquiry about them ? A man might have a motive to get money for his family , a laudable one to be sure ; but , then , if the motive were carried into effect by a violation of all justice , were we to excuse him for his motives ? The right hon . gent , concluded by lamenting most sincerely what had happened ; lamenting that men in the situation he saw could be found to defend it ; and lamenting more than all , that a British parliament should sanction it . They were not to look at this affair with the eyes of others ; the papers were before them , and from the decision they gave thereon , the world would pronounce sentence upon them . , in reply , answered the charges of mismanagement of the cause , that had been brought against him . It was said , that in opening the question , he had made use of violent language and personal invective . He referred to the annals of parliament , and defied any member to produce an instance where such a cause had ever been introduced with less of either . He had never said , as had been asserted , that no man ever returned from India