Claim to the benefits of the Contract as waved by the acceptance of the 3,000l . a year , Mr. Palmer was obliged to accept this allowance in the year 1793 ; and in 1797 he applied to Mr. Pitt to have a committee appointed to investigate his case . Why , then , if Mr. Pitt had considered the original agreement as cancelled by Mr. Palmer 's acceptance in 1793 , would he not have said , upon this application in 1797 , `` Why , good God , sir ! what do you mean ? You gave up all your pretensions to my bargain , by your acceptance of 3,000l . a year in 1793 . `` —Did Mr. Pitt say so ? No , he granted the request : then , it is evident , that he considered the case as Mr. Palmer and every one else did . Although by the law laid down in 971 the case of `` Wilkinson against the Commissioners of the Navy '' it was decided , that those who acted merely as the servants of the executive government were not personally bound by their engagements , but that the performance depended entirely upon their own honour and good faith , yet for the honour of our government those contracts have ever been held sacred and inviolate ; whenever it was necessary to decide upon a bargain of such a nature , when disputed , the circumstances were not stifled , as in this case , but it is the constant practice of all Public Boards to come to issue upon the facts , and thereby give cognizance to courts of justice . Why , then , do not the noble lords send Mr. Palmer 's Claims to a similar tribunal , and let him have justice done him by a jury of his countrymen ? This is all he desires , but this he is refused ! And for what reason ? Why , the whole world must see that his majesty 's ministers know the weakness of their defence , and therefore take upon themselves the disposal of it , lest they should be exposed if they were sent elsewhere ? —The bargain has , upon Mr. Palmer 's part , been most honourably fulfilled : the government alone has failed , and if the noble lords thus attempt to get rid of a measure which they are afraid to investigate , they commit an act as unjust as it is impolitic . observed , that he held the situation of Post-master General at the time of Mr. Palmer 's suspension from the Post-office , and that the cause of such suspension was the contumacy and insubordination of Mr. Palmer . He was of opinion , that Mr. Palmer 's conduct while in office was extremely reprehensible , and that the pension he at present enjoyed was fully adequate to the services he had rendered . entered into a detail of the circumstances of Mr. Palmer 's appointment and dismissal from office , and contended , that while he continued to be the servant of the public it could not be contended but that he was entitled to remuneration for his services ; but having been dismissed from that service , in his judgment , he was no longer entitled to claim that remuneration under the agreement in question . With respect to the Opinions of the chief justice of the Common Pleas , and of the attorney general and others , which had been handed about , and stated as favourable to Mr. Palmer 's claim , he considered that these were no- 972 thing more than assumed opinions upon unascertained facts . Upon the whole , therefore , his lordship thought the bill was of a nature totally new in parliamentary history , and such as that house could not consistently maintain . having called the attention of the house to the real question before them , said , he should agree to the adjournment of the debate , because he wanted more information upon it . The noble and learned lord on the woolsack had attacked