Good God , sir ! is it possible that one of its members could have been guilty of carrying arms and ammunition to the enemies of his country ? Such a person surely ought to be tied to a stake in Palace-yard . With the house , however , it will rest to say , what ought to be the fate of any man who falsely and flagitiously brings such a charge against one of its members . I do 736 think the documents on your table will satisfy the house that I am little calculated to carry into effect so treasonable a project . I was not on that side of India during my last voyage , and I never , directly or indirectly , had any intercourse whatever with any enemy of my country . Various other instances of similar conduct on the part of the newspapers have occurred ; advertisements have been inserted for evidence or information against me ; and a pamphlet published , called A Discourse , foisted on the public as a discussion on Copenhagen , but evidently meant as an attack upon me ; the preface and appendix constituting more than two thirds of the book , full of the grossest scurrilities , evidently meant to prepare the country for the present attack on me , although it so happened , the honourable gentleman never heard of the Etrusco till the morning he first presented himself to the house on the subject ! This author has also endeavoured to administer another species of poison to the public , by insidiously stating that I had only been so many years afloat after my promotion ; that , sir , was my misfortune ; I had not interest enough to get a frigate , nor could I , without a dereliction of my bounden duty , refuse to be employed by his majesty 's government in the various manners in which they have chosen for the last fifteen years to direct my exertions.—Nothing , sir , can more thoroughly mark the rancour exercised against me , than an attack which an hon . gentleman made upon me , with so becoming and well-timed a liberality , at the moment the safety of my life was a questionable point in the opinions of my physicians ; not as a relevant topic of debate , but to make an impression against me while I was arraigned under a most serious charge ; for I am certain my appointment as captain of the Baltic fleet , could have no reference whatever to the provisioning of the Rochfort squadron ; and yet the hon . gentleman , in a most unqualified manner , while arraigning the noble lord 's conduct who has no successfully president at the head of the board of admiralty , says , 'his appointment of sir Home 'Popham to be captain of the Baltic fleet 'was an outrage , and disgusted every officer in the fleet . ' Now , sir , I will tell that hon . gentleman that the appointment he alluded to was not what he has been pleased so describe it . This house shall choose between that hon . gentleman 's high , authority , and the opinions of two officers of the first rank and character in the ser- 737 vice , ( whose letters happened not , like several others on the same subject , to be destroyed : ) the senior , an admiral nearly related to a noble lord sitting on the opposite bench ; and the junior , a vice admiral , sir Thomas Graves , who has had the honour of receiving the thanks of this house , and the highest mark of his sovereign 's approbation , added to what is equally dear to him , the most unequivocal testimony of that illustrious hero lord Nelson , of his meritorious conduct on the occasion for which these honours were given.—'July 17th , 1807 . My dear sir ; I was very happy to find from admiral Gambier that you have absolutely received your appointment as captain of the fleet ; I rejoice in