the evil it professed to prevent altogether . He considered it merely as a compromise made with a party that nobody knew , and which that house ought not to submit to . The bill in itself was certainly either good or bad . If it were good , is ought to meet the universal concurrence of the house ; if it were bad , it was entitled only to general rejection . It ought however to be recollected that it was recommended by a committee especially appointed by that house to enquire into and take into consideration the state of the finances of the country , who had recommended the measure as a primary step towards making much more extensive and important reforms and retrenchments ; and he did not perceive that it was opposed by any one , save those who were decided enemies to any reform at all-Taxes to a very great amount had been imposed on the people , and he allowed most properly imposed ; because their safety , and security in every thing that was dear to them depended on it . No man should however tell him , that places could be suffered to be given to sucklings , without the greatest disadvantages resulting there from . The chancellor of the exchequer was supposed to have a considerable share of power over the king 's conscience ; and how could he in any reasonable way grant a reversion of that ? He could not but feel hostile to the bill altogether ; but the preamble was sufficient to make him so , for it went only to suspend that which he thought should be entirely abolished ; and he was sure the country looked for something more effective than such a half measure . He called the attention of the house to the situation of the country—to the very heavy taxation to which the people were liable ; and yet he was happy to say , there never was a period in the history of the country in which the people shewed a warmer zeal for its interests , or a more determined loyalty towards the existing government . thought the house was not in a situation to give an opinion of what gentlemen on the other side would be at ; at one time they were satisfied with the bill , now they were dissatisfied . It was impossible to understand their meaning . They had talked a great deal about places in reversion , and of the necessity of shutting the book . Why had not the minister of the day , to whom those gentlemen were attached , who received 24,000l . a-year of the public money—why had not he been 21 the first to shut the book ? [ Here there was a cry of name ! name ! which continued for some time , until— observed to the hon . gent , that lie must see the inconvenience resulting from allusions to former debates . proceeded . He thought there never was a time so ill calculated to bring forward such a subject . When the country had a minister who set himself forward as an honest man , which he certainly was , he could not help considering an opposition of this kind as the most unprincipled that ever existed . They only wished to set themselves up in the places of the present administration . ( Much laughter from the opposition side of the house . ) 'As for you , ' said the hon . gent. , ' I have known you these thirty years . ' at War opposed the bill , as not likely to produce any good effect whatever . It had been held up as the corner-stone of a system of reform which he was much afraid could never be realized ; and it was a duty which the house peculiarly owed to themselves , by way of supporting their own honour and dignity , not to hold out hopes which must inevitably be disappointed . He had no doubt but the Committee of Finance had great merit , not only