relieved without some sacrifice somewhere . And indeed their case is desperate , if it be expected that they shall propose a mode of relief to which no man will urge an objection . That circumstances should have furnished so unobjectionable a mode as the present measure , was not within their expectation ; and if this should fail , they must indeed be sanguine if they continue to hope.—It has been remarked , I think by Montesquieu , that the colonies of a monarchy are generally better off than those of a free state . The remark is just , and the reason is plain . A monarch has no interest to oppress one class of his subjects in order to favour another . In a state where a popular assembly has much to say , it is otherwise . There , different interests come into collision ; the stronger will prevail , and the colonial , being the weakest , will generally be oppressed.—The conduct of Great Britain forms no exception to this remark ; and we have paid the price of it . America resisted , and was lost . The West Indies can not indeed resist , but they may be ruined.—Methinks I hear some gentlemen say , What then ? It may be true perhaps , that the present proprietors will be ruined : but what is this to the nation ? The islands will remain ; sugar will still be imported ; manufacture will still be exported ; and ships will still be employed.—Persons who can thus treat the extinction of a whole community , as a matter of indifference to the state , whose injustice produced it , will hardly expect to be addressed with the language which a just and generous nation would desire to hear . But , sir , it will be found , that those amongst us who are least sensible to the feelings of justice and generosity , are not so entirely without interest in the case as they flatter themselves they are . If , Sir , matters could proceed quietly to this point , I grant you that nothing would have happened but the total ruin of the present proprietors ; and whether this , with all its ramifications , would or would not produce some serious convulsion in the state , I will not pronounce.—But matters will not proceed quietly to this point . Let us trace the natural progress of their ruin a little , closer . For a short time it will probably happen , that such proprietors as are unincumbered with debt , and have other resourses , will endeavour to continue their establishment , submitting rather to a total loss of income than capital . The majority can not do this ; and their estates will be 512 abandoned to the creditor for his debt , however disproportioned to the value . A foreclosure of three-fourths of the West-India property must speedily take place . But however cheaply the property will be acquired by the new owners , still , if it produces nothing a similar transfer must soon recur . Perhaps it will be said , when this has happened to a certain extent , a diminution of produce will ensue , and every thing be restored to a proper level . But observe what must happen in the mean time . A whole community will not be led to certain ruin without an effort to save themselves . This application to Great Britain is their first effort . I know not what may be the next ; but this I know , that no wise nation will place any class of its subjects in a situation where they have nothing to lose . Be as powerful as you may , be they as weak as they may , it is unwise to reduce them to despair . How the storm may burst , I can not tell ; but in a war like this , it is not easy to say what new cases may arise . I like not to dwell on this subject . Let those hear