to be seldom exercised , nor even to be often talked of ; it being a fact that the solidity of the tenure , by which the property was held , was diminished even by the frequency of the dis- 839 cussion as to the right to hold it inviolate . He could not , therefore , deny the argument of gentlemen on the other side , as to the letter , but he protested against it as to the spirit . If the church itself did not see this bill to be dangerous , it was more behind its interests than usual . If it did not see in this measure a speck which would in time burst forth into a cloud , it was more insensible to its situation than he had supposed . The church of England , he was satisfied , had more to fear from this measure than from the pope and a full conclave of bishops , even in the zenith of their power , and before his holiness was reduced to his present abject state . He could not help , however , admiring that far-sighted talent by which the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wilberforce ) was enabled to smell out the dangers of popery at 500 miles distance , while he continued utterly insensible to all the dangers of fanaticism assailing the church of England , even under his very nose . The gentlemen on the other side , however , appealed to the charity of the house , and asked if the curates , who did the business , ought not to be paid ? To this he had no objection , but yet he contended they should not be paid out of other persons ' pockets . But , said the hon . gent . again , this is only on account of the non-residence of the proper incumbent . This , however , was taking it as granted , that non-residents were delinquents , a doctrine in which he could not agree ; as it was perfectly possible that a person might be non-resident from bad health , or from many other justifiable causes . This , too , was to play fast and loose with the question . It was one moment to represent it as a mulct on the non-resident ; the next , as a bill for the relief of the curate . Instead of legislative proceedings , if the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer would exert himself zealously , earnestly , and sincerely , to see that none but proper persons , in point of character and learning , were admitted into the church , he would do more to effect the object in view than a thousand bills like the present could ever accomplish . contended that evil existed , and that remedy was called for . There was not a sufficiency of resident clergy to do the duties of the church . The income of the curates did not keep pace with those of the rector , nor with the circumstances of the times . Hence , one curate was often obliged to serve two or three parishes ; and thus baptisms and 840 burials stood over till certain fixed days . Church property was given on the condition of performing the duties of the church , and the country had a right to provide for the performance of those duties out of that property . could not see that the present bill ought to be objected to because it did not go entirely to remedy the evils under which the poorer clergy laboured . It was no reason that the house should refuse to do that quantum of good which was in its power , because a still further degree remained , which it could not reach . Instead of endangering , he conceived that by the present measure he was strengthening and securing the foundations on which the church of England rested . The right hon . gent . alluded to a charge made against a right reverend prelate , as it he had improperly presented