to consider that they could be charged with any communications hostile to the British government , being men of low rank and character . I am perfectly aware that these men were very different in their qualities and dignity from Gholam Ally khan and Rizza Ally khan ; but I contend that they had enough of both for any purpose of treachery or violence against us . This is the sort of person generally employed in India upon such occasions ; and as a proof that such is the custom , I will here read to the house a passage from Orme 's history very applicable to this question . Orme says : ? The secrets of the princes of Hin- 793 dostan are very difficult to be discovered : in affairs of consequence nothing except in the most equivocal terms is ever given by them in writing ; and whenever the matter is of great importance or iniquity , it is trusted to a messenger , a man of low rank and great cunning , who bears a letter of recommendation testifying that he is to be trusted in all he says ; so indefinite a commission reserves to the lord who gives it the resource of disavowing the transaction of his agent , and this he never fails to do whenever the iniquity is discovered . Deriving my knowledge of India from this pure authority , and from a local residence of eleven years , I deem it my duty to state to the house , that I regard this correspondence as the evidence of a treacherous spirit of hostility on the part of Wallajah and Omdut ul Omrah ; and far from being surprized that the proof is not of that nature to satisfy the interested feelings of the partisans of those nabobs , or the doubting minds of some few of the gentlemen opposite , lam rather surprised that so much has been discovered in writing ; for I must repeat upon my own knowledge , what I have already stated upon the authority of Orme . that in matters of great iniquity seldom is any thing committed by the natives of India to writing ; they thoroughly understand the arts of verbal prevarication ; in the examination of a witness , so little does he regard the truth , that he will vary his testimony according to his feelings and interests , and according to the impression which he thinks his first assertion may have made upon you . The exposure of his verbal contradictions he scarcely regards , and never considers his case hopeless until a document appears against him . In this case I am satisfied from the evidence in writing , connected with what I know of the conduct of Omdut ul Omrah during the war against Tippoo , that he had cherished the counsels and intentions of that prince , defamed the character of our alliance , and had violated the letter and spirit of the treaty of 1792 , for purposes hostile to our interests and security . It has been contended that , although the hostile conduct of Wallajah and Omdut ul Omrah had forfeited their right to the Company 's protection , yet Ally Hussein , the innocent heir of the latter , not having partaken in his guilt , ought not to have suffered for it . Sir , I am sure no person could feel more sincerely than lord Clive for the necessity which called upon him to 794 act against Ally Hussein ; and the whole of the proceedings upon your table shew how anxiously and humanely that noble lord endeavoured to preserve to Ally Hussein a situation of affluence and dignity . But lord Clive was not at liberty to intrust the rights and security of the Company in the Carnatic to those very ministers who had been the counsellors of Omdut ul Omrah , and were the guardians of Ally Hussein ; and therefore he exercised that which is the right and duty of nations , to call upon the son to repair the mischief of the father . The extract which I