that measure would subject the country to . In former times , when the army was so composed that it could not be kept in order without extreme severity , it might have been right to enact and to enforce that military code , the penalties of which were now the exclusive disgrace of the British army and the British nation . But at the present time , when so great an amelioration had taken place in the discipline and composition of our military force , it was no longer excusable to continue those penal enactments ; and , certainly , he should pause before he would give his consent to commit the whole people of England to what was dishonourable , and pernicious to the army itself . He had no objection to a conscription , in the full force of the word . He could never consider it a hardship on a man to be called upon to defend his home and his coun- 106 try , or to qualify himself for that necessity . It was not on that ground , therefore , that he had any objection to this measure . But , before he could consent to subject the British people to any general call of this nature , he would call for an amendment in the military code . He could never allow the British people to be subject to a disgrace , for which Britons were particularly unfit , he meant the lash . He would never give his consent to have the British people lashed . It was in this part of the measure , however , that the fitness of the noble lord to be its proposer was particularly felt . Experience had shewn , that the noble lord was the fittest man in the world to submit a whole people to the lash . He allowed , for it was the opinion of the ablest military men , that the immense power of France , directed by the ablest and most experienced leader modern Europe had seen , was sufficient to impress the necessity of calling forth our whole physical strength to meet the threatened danger . If any fair and honourable mode of drawing forth this exertion had been made , he should have been ready to give it his support . But the measure now before the house , though perfect for every purpose of disgrace , was impotent in the view of strength . He was astonished that any man should presume to interfere in the government of this country , with so little experience , as to bring forward for the main defence of the nation , a measure so inconsistent with the constitution and genius of the people , and with every principle of common sense . The French government had now under its controul , nearly 100 millions of people . It had the command of all the ports of the continent , and might soon have fleets in various quarters , equal at least in number to ours . In these circumstances , this country could not rest its safety on any thing but an armed population . The British nation should be in a state to feel no alarm , even if it had not a ship on the sea . He was not dissatisfied that the people should be made an armed people . What he was anxious for was , that measures should issue from that house of a nature to inspire the people with enthusiasm , and to animate them to general exertion . He would not , however , give up the people to be flogged . He would not allow Britain to be a flogged nation . When individual soldiers voluntarily sold themselves into that situation , it was a sufficient shame to the country that permitted such an abuse ; but he 107 would not allow the people to be brought into that condition by compulsory enactment . The burthen of unmitigated personal service he left out of his consideration this night , because it was absorbed in the paramount importance of the other points .