production of the paper ; at any rate , he did not see why the log-book of the Royal George should be particularly singled out ; and if information was wanted , why all the log-books of the squadron were not called for . had no objection whatever to the production of the log-books of all the ships . professed to entertain the highest respect for the character of admiral Duckworth , but he did not consider the splendid achievements of that gallant officer as a bar to any investigation into the causes of the failure of the expedition to the Dardanelles . He should therefore vote for the production of the paper . contended , that if it was meant to impute any blame to admiral Duckworth , either directly or indirectly , it would be but fair that he should have timely notice of such an intention . He likewise took this opportunity of observing , that , in his opinion , the question which stood for discussion on this evening , ought not to have been brought on in the absence of sir R. Strachan , or of some person qualified and authorized to defend his conduct , as far as it might be implicated in the question . was also of opinion , that if there was an intention of imputing blame to admiral Duckworth , ample notice should be given , for the purpose of allowing the gallant admiral sufficient time to take measures for the vindication of his honour and character . As to what had fallen from the honourable admiral who spoke last , respecting sir Rd . Strachan , he must observe that it was not the intention of the hon . gent . who had given notice of a motion on this evening , to impute the least degree of blame to that gallant officer . He meant , as he understood his intention , to bring forward a charge in a manly way against the admiralty board ; and certainly , in defending the conduct of that board , he should not throw the smallest censure upon the conduct of that excellent and meritorious officer . withdrew his motion for the present evening , with the intention of bringing it forward on this day se'nnight . in rising to Tiring forward the motion of which he had given notice , began with professing , that nothing was more distant from his intention than to throw out the slightest reflection upon the conduct of sir Rd . Strachan , for whose character , both as a naval officer and a man , he entertained the highest veneration : and nothing which had fallen from the hon . baronet ( sir C. Pole ) went to impute to him any such intention . All that that hon . baronet had said , was , that the testimony of sir Rd . Strachan would be very material in guiding the decision of the house upon the question , which he was now bringing before it , and in this he perfectly agreed with him . For example , there was one paper that had been moved for , for the purpose of shewing the reasons which made it necessary for sir Rd . Strachan to quit his station before the port of Rochfort , prior to the sailing of the French squadron from that port in Jan. last . He understood that no such communication had been received at the admiralty , and therefore there remained a chasm in the evidence , which it would have been most desirable to supply by the evidence of the gallant admiral himself , could he have been called to give such evidence at the bar of the house . He had also good reason to believe , that sir Rd . Strachan had found it necessary to take water and provisions from the Ferrol squadron ; but there was no evidence to this effect in the papers which were on the table of the house ; and as the admiral was not present to be examined as to the truth of the fact , he should