intended to exclude them from the office of governor or director of the bank of Ireland . There was a contrariety of opinion amongst men eminent in the law upon this subject , and thus a considerable doubt had arisen . By the act of 1793 , Roman-catholics were allowed to hold the offices mentioned , notwithstanding any statute or bye-law ; the word charter was not mentioned , and from this omission it was argued by some eminent men , that catholics being ex- 902 cluded from the direction of the bank under the original charter , were not eligible under the operation of the act of 1793 , in consequence of the word charter not being mentioned in that act . Other men of eminence in the law were of the contrary opinion , that the intention of the legislature to admit catholics was evident , and that they were eligible under that act , the omission of the word 'charter , ' being of no consequence . This doubt was not remedied in the bill before the house , it being there left as it was . That house had the superior advantage of calling for the opinion of the Judges , and he thought this was a case in which that opinion ought to be called for . A doubt existed as to the law : and what was the proper course to take to solve that doubt , but to put a question to his majesty 's Judges ? This was so plain and obvious , that he was at a loss to anticipate any argument that could be urged against it . If it was said , it was of no importance , a question must surely be considered of importance which related to the privileges of four millions of his majesty 's subjects . If it was said , there was no doubt , the doubt was acknowledged in the bill now before the house ; and it was , in his opinion , of great importance that it should be set at rest , particularly when it was considered that this bill was to continue for 31 years . His lordship concluded by moving to refer a question to the Judges for their opinion as to the point , whether under the operation of the act of 1793 , combined with other acts , and the Bank Charter act , Roman-catholics were eligible to hold and exercise the office of governor or director of the bank of Ireland . thought such a mode of proceeding as that advised by the noble baron wholly unprecedented , or at least highly inconsistent with the usual practice of the house . The bill before their lordships was strictly and directly a financial measure , and on such measures were it necessary to take the opinion of the Judges , the public business would be at a stand , or be protracted to an insufferable length of time . The point which the noble baron 's motion involved was only an incidental one , and left the law as it now stood . He was therefore at a loss to conceive with what practical good effect his acceding to the noble baron 's motion could be attended . It was open to a catholic , should the proprietors of the bank think proper to select him , to bring his 903 case into a court of law , or to take the opinion of the Irish judges upon it in the exchequer court ; or if their decision did not satisfy him , to bring his case before that house by writ of error . Then would be the moment to discuss and decide the point of law , and not on the present occasion . Otherwise it would be prejudging the question , now to take the opinion of the Judges upon it . Besides , were the Judges to say the catholics were eligible , would the house immediately proceed to alter the law ? Was that the object which the motion of the noble baron had ultimately in view ? If so ,