that might have actuated the noble marquis in his conduct , and he was less disposed to argue the accusation urged against him of his being actuated by pecuniary interests in his administration ; but looking at his general conduct as a governor of India , he must say there was no parallel in the history of that country which presented so unbridled an instance of insatiable ambition . The sum total of what the country knew of his conduct as governor was , that he succeeded to the government after lord Cornwallis . He found India in a great and increasing state of prosperity . He found a system of equity and economy in the public expenditure , admirably calculated for the solidity of our establishment in that country . But when he left it , he left behind him an example of the most pernicious prodigality and profuseness . When he landed , he found a disposition in the Company 's servants to revere the laws , and to abide by the decrees of his majesty ; but when he left it , the utmost contempt prevailed of the laws and regulations of the Company . When he went there , the native powers of India placed the utmost confidence in the faith of the British government ; but he left them entertaining in their minds the most irreconcilable sentiments of disgust and enmity , on account of its treachery and oppression . In short , the result , of the noble lord 's administration was this , that when he went to India , he found Great Britain without a foe , and when he departed , he left Great Britain without a friend . Upon these grounds he felt himself called upon to say thus much , not from any personal enmity to the noble marquis , but from a principle of preserving his own consistency . He took this opportunity of defending himself from the insinuation thrown out by the noble lord in the commencement of his speech , that he had departed from principle in seeming ; to neglect the cause he had so strenuously undertaken to advocate on former occasions , by stating that his sentiments upon this subject had never been in the least altered from the first intimation he received of the oppression and tyrannous dethronement of the young nabob , and the subsequent information that arrived in this country of his murder . On that occasion his mind was so horrified by the 938 atrocity of the act , that he resolved immediately to institute an inquiry into the causes of so gross a violation of the laws of civilization and humanity . Circumstances , however , had prevented him from carrying the desired object completely into effect personally . He saw no prospect then of pursuing the investigation in that administration , and from these considerations he did not press it . He had , however , moved from time to time for a great number of documents , which must remove at once every suspicion of his having cooled in the cause . He concluded by declaring his fixed determination at all times never to shrink from the task he had imposed upon himself , of representing the noble marquis 's conduct in the plain and unvarnished manner in which he fully persuaded himself the various documents on the table exhibited the circumstances of his admistration to the country . contended , that this was a most extraordinary discussion , and made on the opposite side a question of party rather than of principle . supported the Resolution . The proposition of the noble lord , that this was held to be a grave question by the house , might well be doubted , if they were to judge from the manner in which they had decided upon the evidence adduced in support of the charges against the noble marquis . Upon what principle it was that the house intended to act in its decision upon this subject , he was at some , loss to conjecture . Although it might be argued in favour of the noble