But as they must be certain of the contrary , I think we ought not to go one step farther in this discussion . I consider it in the highest degree inexpedient , in times like these , to raise the hopes of the Catholics , when there exists not a single chance of our being enabled to gratify them . I sincerely deprecate a useless discussion , by which , in the present temper of the house , in the warmth of those party feelings which have 603 marked its debates throughout the session , and in which every question called forth personalities and mutual recriminations , no other end could be answered than that of exciting new discontents among those , whose Petition it is now proposed to discuss in a committee . The right hon . gent . who opened the debate , has not had so good an opportunity as myself of knowing the sentiments of the people of England on this subject : and , as far as my experience goes , those sentiments are not favourable , but the contrary . The people of Scotland are also , so far as I know , hostile to the measure . And the reason , I am persuaded , why petitions have not come forward from various quarters against it , is because it has been universally believed , that the temper of parliament itself is so adverse to the measure , as to leave it no chance of success . Sir , it is now time to speak out . The popular feeling in this country is decidedly against the measure ; and it was on this ground that a right hon . friend of mine , now no more , declined to urge it further on a former occasion . With respect to the anomalous circumstance of a Protestant church establishment in Ireland , supported in a great degree by Catholics , I feel , and perhaps regret , the circumstance as sincerely as any man : but it is inevitable . I also feel , that to grant to the Catholics their present claims would by no means satisfy them completely ; for it would be in vain to endeavour to reconcile them to the permanent support of a Protestant church establishment . Successive concessions , so far from silencing , have only stimulated them to fresh demands . Even the most zealous reformer could scarcely have supposed that so many concessions to the Catholics would have so rapidly succeeded the first granted to them . I fear that new concessions now would but occasion new demands . Measures , which tend to make a fundamental change in the political situation of a great country , should at no time be hastily adopted . It behaves the legislature cautiously to feel its way , before it consents to any great change in the principles of the constitution , lest , by a false step , mischief the most irretrievable might ensue . The language held by my right hon . friend , now no more , when talking of the measure of union , or with respect to Catholic emancipation , was , that the union would enable the legislature of this country either to grant full emancipation to the Catholics with greater safety , or with- 604 hold it with less danger . I am sure the candid mind of the right hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Grattan ) will admit , that Mr. Pitt met with much more opposition in the popular mind than he had apprehended , and that this had induced him to relinquish the measure entirely . That mind is still averse to it . And for these reasons , I shall think it my duty to resist the Catholic claims , although I have a great regard for their welfare . I have every wish to promote their instruction . Before I sit down , I must observe that they had themselves promised not to bring this matter forward— ( No , no , no ! from the Opposition . ) —However that may be