the commissioners of Rye harbour to complete the works . The appropriation bill was subsequently brought into the house , but this grant was not included in it : and the committee upon it on the 8th of April was adjourned to a late hour , for the purpose of allowing the vote of money for Rye harbour to be made the subject of a separate bill . Another case had occurred in 1779 , of a grant upon the petition of Dr. Smith , as a reward for his having attended sick prisoners in London and Westminster . That petition had been , with some counter petitions , referred to a committee , which made no report . In the year 1781 the petition was renewed , and on the report of a committee , a bill was brought in , and passed the house of commons for granting 1,200l . to Dr. Smith , which bill was never returned from the lords . It was impossible , after what he had stated , to contend , that it was not perfectly competent to the house to carry its vote into effect , either by separate bill , or by its insertion in the appropriation act . The grant had been voted on grounds not satisfactory to his mind , and though he still retained his former opinion , it was not upon that he proposed the present course . The house had a discretion , and it remained to be considered under what circumstances the house would be disposed to proceed , by a separate bill , or by including the grant in the appropriation act . If no other motive would apply the course that would be most convenient , would be most desirable . In ordinary cases , where there was not likely to be any difference of opinion elsewhere , it might be proper to insert the grant in the appropriation act . But , if there should be any fair reason to suppose such a difference of opinion to exist in that other quarter , that would be good ground for taking the grant out of the appropriation act . The vote proceeded upon an assumption of an agreement between Mr. Pitt and Mr. Palmer , and then assumed that nothing had happened to defeat such contract , and that a bill should be brought in to carry the contract into effect . That house knew that the other house had the matter under their consideration , by having received a message from it , requiring a communication of the evidence upon which they had passed the bill for granting the annuity to Mr. Palmer . Having , by sending up that bill 1014 to the other house , given it an opportunity of exercising an unrestrained judgment upon one part of the case , they should not , by inserting this grant in the appropriation bill , reduce the other house to the alternative of either acceding to a grant , of which it disapproved , or of rejecting the appropriation of the supplies of the year . The right hon . gent . then quoted the authority of Mr. Hatsel , vol . iii . p. 195 , to shew , that tacking one measure to another for the purpose of forcing another branch of the legislature to accede to it , was highly irregular , and a breach of the practice of parliament ; but that to do this with a knowledge that the part so tacked was disagreeable to the other branch of the legislature , was highly dangerous and unconstitutional . He admitted that this doctrine had been applied by Mr. Hatsel to the tacking to money-bills measures unconnected with the supply , but contended , that the principle extended to preclude the house from any course that would reduce the other house to the alternative he had stated . If , therefore , the house should see no reason , founded upon parliamentary usage , for declining the course he had to propose , why insert the grant in the appropriation act , why clog the supplies of