of a motion on Thursday , respecting the state of he West India commerce . renewed his objections against the bill . It was a bill of the utmost consequence , both as it affected property and the established church ; and above all , as it went to extend the power of the bishops , who already possessed too much . It was , moreover , brought into the house at so late a period of the session , that it was impossible to give it a full and minute consideration . It was yet only read the first time . perfectly coincided in the observations of his noble friend . observed that the prints of the bill were not yet on the table ; but when they were , and he hoped it would be to-morrow , he should then , for then only would it be regular , move that the bill be read a second time on Friday . complained of the shortness of the notice , and again entered more fully into the mischievous consequences of the increased power which it would confer on the bishops ; only one of whom , he believed , would be found to have the spirit to oppose it . called the noble lord to order , as allowing himself to degenerate into personalities . denied that he was out of order ; and said , that he should take the next opportunity afforded him of proving that he meant nothing personal to the most reverend prelate who had spoken on the present occasion . entered the house , and soon after rose to make his motion ; but first presented a petition from the catholic merchants and bankers of the city of Dublin , praying that they might not be excluded from acting as directors and governors of the Irish Bank ; which petition was ordered to lie on the table . The noble lord then began by apologising for the delay which he had unintentionally been the cause of , and proceeded to open the proposition which he should have the honour of submitting to their lordships . He begged leave , in the first place , to observe that the house was going to legislate on a matter respecting which they were wholly in the dark ; the charter which they were going to renew , not so much as being before them , nor even the terms upon which government were prepared to grant the favour of that renewal . The charter was to be renewed for above twenty years , and what was the return to be made to government for the concession ? The band of Ireland was to land one million and a half to government , at a 977 higher interest than government borrowed money at in this country ; and the bank was , moreover , to manage the public debt of Ireland . Now , what was the expence of managing that debt ? It appeared from official documents , that it did not amount to 8,000l . per annum ; so that , for the sum of 8,000l . government granted that to the bank which he was confident that many private individuals would advance ten times the sum for . The bargain , therefore , was , in the first place , most improvident for the country . He should next proceed to consider more immediately the question to which he was anxious to call the attention of their lordships . It was a question by no means of the magnitude of the question of the Catholic Claims ; nor was it , in his mind , at all connected with the grounds and reasons upon which that great question was professed to be opposed . On a reconsideration of these grounds , he might for a moment bring himself to say that they were just , liberal , and politic , when compared with the reasons for which the claim he was now going to make in the name of the catholics , was to be resisted . On the general question it was said ,