, the chancellor of the exchequer , in support of the motion , has quoted the authority of Mr. Hatsell ; that is an authority so respectable , that I can not help reminding the chancellor of the exchequer how unequivocally that authority reprobates the conduct of ministers who give the consent of the crown to measures they mean to oppose . I think he stiles it unparliamentary and unconstitutional . In this I case if we could not expect support , the minister ought to have been neutral . Let us see how his conduct has been consistent even with this . Sir , the proceedings on this subject , down to the fifth and last decision of the house , are fresh in every one 's recollection , nor can it be forgotten by the house or the public , that after all the sophistry and ingenuity , after all the fallacious arguments which have been used to mislead and confound the judgment , parliament , in the name of the people of Great Britain , has declared by majorities as respectable and independent as ever carried any motion within these walls , 'That Mr. Palmer is entitled to the advantage of his contract . ' I should have hoped , sir , that his majesty 's ministers , however pertinacious in their opinion , however mortified by a result so contrary to their expectations and to their usual fortune , would at last have learned , from the steady and honourable resistance to their unjust conduct , a lesson of submission to the so often expressed voice of the parliament . Indeed , sir , I must acknowledge that when I saw this notice on the order book , I was prepared for the withdrawing it , and I really came down to the house under the expectation of it . I can not , even now , think it will be persevered in . Is a conquest by government , over an individual , the object ? Can such a conquest produce a gleam of satisfaction amongst the weakest minded of them ? Will they dare to boast of it to this house , which by this motion they have openly insulted ; or to the country , who by their representatives , called to the subject by long and repeated notices , with all the documents before them on which to found their opinion , have sanctioned Mr. Palmer 's Claim , have recognized the debt and obligation of the country to him , to the extent of the vote in his favour.—But , says the right 1024 hon . mover : 'The house having allowed the Claim of Mr. Palmer , it is only to the mode of voting this sum , that I object : you have put this sum into the Appropriation act , and I am apprehensive that by this means you will endanger passing the supplies of the year through the lords , the consequence of which must be obvious , whereas by the adoption of my present method , you give the other house an opportunity at least to discuss and examine the subject , independent of the other matters which would be affected by it , if they throw out this grant , and in asking this , I am violating no practice or usage of the house , which has frequently adopted this mode on similar occasions . ' Sir , I only pray , that I may have patience to examine these reasons , these pretences which have been urged for a line of conduct , which the more it is examined into , the more unfounded in fact , the more disgraceful to its proposers , will it be found . From the first moment in which the intention of his majesty 's ministers was announced , I have been afraid to trust myself with the discussion of the subject , and I must confess that during the speech of the right hon . gent . below me , I have with difficulty restrained the impatience and indignation I have felt of the grounds on