I am wearied with the subject ; I never discussed one with more pain and regret . I have not been long a member of this house , but , I confess , that my respect for its character has not been increased by what I have witnessed in the course of one short fortnight . The weight of government , and the votes of ministers , given in defence of a delinquency , no one of them , except a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) implicated in the guilt , dared to defend ; and every engine of oppression , every finesse , and unworthy manœuvre practised by the same government , to defraud a meritorious servant of the public , not of a reward , not of a claim , but of a debt due . and acknowledged by this house ; two such instances , I must acknowledge , have not raised either the house or ministers in my estimation . I am , indeed , heartily sick of both . Let me , however , conjure the house to preserve its consistency and character , by-rejecting this motion , as unworthy its countenance . You have already resolved , that Mr. Palmer is entitled to this money . Defeat not this resolution by your vote of to-night ; recollect this gentleman is not 1029 asking you for a pension for political services ; he asks you not for a reversion to those who can have personally had no merit ; he does not even ask you for the payment of services , not commensurate with the reward ; he has bargained with you for 50s . on every hundred pounds which his ingenuity and industry have procured you . Will you deny it to him , after having five times determined his right to it ? If you do , I shall repeat what I have before said , that a man had better take the bond of the veriest swindler of the country , than the verbal contract of a minister . Sir , I trust the house will not countenance this motion ; that it will not be alarmed at the apprehensions ministers have expressed , and which they know how to allay . I apprehend no rupture between the houses , why should there be any ? But if there was a danger of it , is that to deter us from doing our duty ? Let us , at least , do our part of the justice due to this individual , fearless and disdainful of the consequences , fiat justitia , ruat cœlum . An honest man has but one line of conduct here , let him do his duty as a representative of the people , as an honest and conscientious member of the British senate . Sir , I sit down , with the most complete reprobation of this motion , and by giving it my unqualified and determined negative . defended his right hon . friend the chancellor of the exchequer from the imputations of the hon . baronet , who , if confirmed in the opinions he expressed of his right hon . friend , ought not to have addressed him as he had done . He thought his right hon . friend deficient in firmness and decision in not refusing , in the first instance , the king 's consent to Mr. Palmer 's application ; but when he did give this consent , he had distinctly stated , that he gave it only that the question should be investigated , and at the same time declined any pledge upon the subject . All the cases quoted by his right hon . friend appeared to him to be perfectly in point . He then contended , that the measure should be sent up to the lords in a shape in which that house should have an opportunity of exercising their unfettered discretion and judgment . —Sir ; I congratulate the chancellor of the exchequer on the splendid figure he makes in the estimation of two of his leading supporters . By the one ( sir T.