notice on the order book was not proceeded with , the next was taken in its stead . observed , that some disappointment must certainly exist in consequence of the postponement of the noble lord 's motion ; the more so , as in giving the notice on Monday , the noble lord had declared that the motion would certainly come on this day . With respect to the motion which stood for to-morrow , it related to a subject , the investigation of which it was most desirable no longer to defer . , after an eulogium on the industry and talents displayed by the noble lord in the chair of the committee , observed that he had been given to understand that a disposition had been manifested in a certain quarter to bring the parties who now differed so widely , nearer to each other in opinion . He thought , therefore , that the house would consult its own convenience , by allowing an opportunity for any arrangement to be made upon this subject . was proceeding to state his objection to the report , when he was called to order by , who observed , that the subject before the house was merely the time at which the report should be discussed . said , if a right hon . gent , would postpone the Dublin police bill from Friday , he would willingly bring his motion on that day . , if any thing like an 406 accommodation was in view , of which he declared himself perfectly ignorant , thought that Friday would be a better day than to-morrow . lamented that the noble lord had not determined upon this postponement last night . Hail he done so , the discussion of the Local Militia bill would not have been brought on so unexpectedly , and in the absence of several gentlemen who were anxious to deliver their sentiments upon it . was of opinion , that the state of the country might be such , with relation to other powers , as to render it a precedent to adopt the recommendation of the committee . requested that the discussion might be postponed till Monday , as his colleague and he would have an opportunity before that day of learning the sentiments of their constituents . A public meeting in the county of Surrey would be held on Saturday , and he should be sorry that the debate should come on before that time.—After some further conversation , in which sir J. Seabright , sir S. Romilly , lord Binning , Mr. Whitbread , Mr. Barham , Mr. W. Taylor , sir A. Wellesley , and Mr. Windham , participated , it was agreed that lord Binning 's notice should stand for to-morrow , and Mr. W. Taylor 's for Friday . , in the absence of some hon . friends of his , felt it his duty to impress upon the house the necessity of postponing the further proceedings on this bill till next Friday . There was a very general feeling entertained , that the question on the distilleries , which had the precedence for discussion , would have prevented the order , which referred to the Local Militia , from being moved , at least at so early an hour of the night . Under that impression , and knowing that it was the intention of some friends of his to submit certain amendments and clauses in the committee , he should certainly move the postponement of the order till next Friday . pressed the house to proceed ; and contended that there were future opportunities for those members , who were then unfortunately absent , to submit their opinions to the consideration of the house . Indeed , he did not expect a fuller 407 house on the Local Militia Bill than he then saw . said , that notwithstanding the easy , self-satisfied way in which the noble lord expressed himself , he should have recollected that if the house was full , it was filled by gentlemen who came down to the discussion of another business , which