legal rank , knowledge and experience , and I afterwards made them known to the noble person who then promoted the measure for improving the judicature of Scotland . Among other things , he expressed himself to be a friend to the introduction of the trial by jury , where it was practicable , according to the forms and rules of proceeding in the law of Scotland . He shewed me that such had been his opinion when a reform in the court of session had been discussed many years ago ; and that , in a pamphlet which he had written at that time , he had recommended it . But , he added , that he considered it to be applicable only to mere personal injuries or delicts , for which reparation in damages was required , such as assaults , libels , or the like . He particularly mentioned , that to questions arising out of bills of exchange , and likewise I think , he said , out of policies of insurance , it was not applicable , That they were 1068 the great source of increased business in the court of session . That in the former especially , nice and difficult matter frequently arises as to the consideration given for a bill , and how far it is a mere accommodation note , for which no value originally passed.—Such questions , his lordship thought , could not be tried by a jury.—To those who are accustomed to the course of justice in this country ( England ) , this will seem most surprising , when we all know that the sittings at Guildhall are almost entirely employed in trying causes arising out of policies of insurance , charter-parties , bills of exchange , and , other commercial transactions ; and that deviation in a voyage , or want of consideration for a bill of exchange , are mere questions of fact , peculiarly calculated for a jury . But if such is the prepossession of a person of so much learning in the law of the country where he presides , respecting the introduction of this mode of trying those causes , it behaves us to do our utmost not to let such opinions operate to prevent the introduction of trial by jury , but , if possible , to enforce its introduction in mercantile causes , as they will receive a more satisfactory and more speedy decision in that than in any other tribunal . — Persons accustomed to the judicial system of England , would naturally and justly suppose , that the preamble to the bill ( to the expressions of which I have already referred ) would have been followed with an immediate enactment , introducing trial by jury in all cases of litigation connected with the causes assigned for the great increase of judicial business in Scotland . But instead of this being the case , mark how the bill proceeds : —Commissioners are proposed to be appointed to inquire into and report concerning the propriety of the introduction of trial by jury in civil causes . The words of the clause in the recital relating to this matter , are : 'and whereas it has been conceived , 'that it might be for the utility of the 'subjects within Scotland , that jury trials 'should be introduced into the proceedings 'in certain causes before the Court of Ses'sion in Scotland . '—The tame , hesitating , indecisive language of this recital is but a poor encouragement to report in favour of the introduction of trial by jury . Instead of exciting the commissioners to recommend the introduction of that institution , it is calculated to repress the ardour which gave rise to the idea of introducing this 1069 most important improvement into the law of Scotland.—I am confident , sir , that this tameness of expression in the bill is not consonant to the general feelings of that country on the subject . It is quite clear , that the people of Scotland wish the trial by jury to be introduced in civil causes , and it is to