adverted to a story of two link-boys , who were taken up for uttering a libel , in the days of Wilkes and Liberty : one of them , called Jack , who could not read , handed it to the other , named Will , and begged he would read it to him ; in the act of doing which , the beadle took them both up , and carried them before the magistrate . Jack pleaded that he , not being able to read , had only desired the other to do it for him . 'What are you ? ' said the magistrate . 'Please your honour , ' answered Jack , ' I am an anti-ministerial writer . ' 'What ! ' said the magistrate , 'how can you be a writer on either side , if you ca n't read ? ' 'Oh , your honour , ' replied Jack , ' I chalks IS on the lords ' coaches . ' Such a poor anti-ministerial libeller as Jack , might , by an information ex officio under this bill , be imprisoned for want of bail to the end of his days . Under all the circumstances , considering one part of the bill to be unnecessary , and the other highly objectionable , he moved that the said bill be rejected . rose , and observed , that he had expected some noble lord who supported the bill would have attempted to shew its necessity . He had conceived that the noble and learned lord ( Ellenborough ) had intended to do so , and he was 419 ready to give way to hear such necessity shewn . He considered the bill as an innovation upon the sound and wholesome principles of the common law . The principle of part of the bill , with respect to requiring bail , was first adopted in the 20th of his present majesty , in a revenue act , and it was found so injurious , that a bill was brought in , in the 38th , to remedy the evil , it being found that many persons had remained in gaol for a considerable time without the means of bringing on their trials . He deprecated the principle of applying to other cases enactments found necessary for the better collection of the revenue , and still more as it was merely stated in the preamble to this bill as a reason for its enactment , that it had been found convenient . Was this a reason for altering the law generally ? With respect , to the process upon indictment and information , where was the necessity shewn for such an alteration ? This bill besides went to require bail equally upon an indictment presented by twelve , sworn men , upon an information granted by the court of king 's bench , and upon an information filed ex officio by the attorney-general . This was an innovation which he thought pregnant with the most injurious consequences ; nor could he for a moment consent that a power of holding to bail should exist upon the mere , filing of an information by the attorney-general . His lordship quoted some legal authorities for the purpose of proving the ancient practice of the constitution , contended that by this bill a man might be tried in his absence and without his knowledge , and called upon those who resisted a bill which they conceived to be an innovation upon the prerogative , to resist a bill which was an innovation upon the constitution . If no innovation was to be suffered in the one case , none ought to be allowed in the other , at least without proving some strong necessity . contended , that considerable misconception had taken place with respect to this bill , which did not alter the law as it now stood , or at least very slightly , but merely defined more accurately the course to be pursued . As the law at present stood , it was well known that persons might be held to bail not merely upon