We had seen all the nations of Europe , with armies composed as ours were , fall before France . The greatest military powers of the continent , from relying on mere mercenary armies had been , as it were , trodden down and walked over by France , without resistance , He was aware that the constitution of this country placed every man at the disposal of the king , to be placed in the station in which he would be most wanted to resist the enemy in case of invasion . He objected not to this ; but he wished , by the abolition of the disgraceful penalties attached to the condition of a British soldier , to make the situation such as a British freeman might , without impropriety , be placed in . The fatality with which neglects , such as were now to be complained of in this country , were attended to monarchs less consummately virtuous , than ours , ought to teach us the duty of doing every thing incumbent on us to secure a life so precious . He therefore begged his majesty 's ministers to be cautious how they proposed measures of general defence , clogged with obligations dishonourable to any nation , but particularly inconsistent with the characteristic and constitutional freedom of Britons . Unless this measure should be amended in the committee ; and unless a general amendment should be made , by omitting the obnoxious penalties from the Mutiny act , he should be under the necessity of giving it his decided opposition in the latter stages . He lamented that every thing that was clone by the British government , was calculated to give an idea that the nation was hastening to its fate . A short time ago , a great measure was brought , forward for the general and permanent support of the army . That measure was scarcely allowed to commence its operation , when it was altered , and in substance repealed . There was nothing but vacillation in our councils . In the present administration , nothing was brought forward but measures of mere temporary convenience , and immediate practical policy , measures that stamped their authors as mere journeymen . There was nothing like those great principles by which alone nations could flourish , and from which no nation aver departed without involving its own rain . Having entered his protest 108 against the measure , on these most important points , he would reserve his further observations to a future stage of the bill . vindicated the military code of this country , which he pronounced to be the most lenient in Europe . It had been contended that the present plan was unpopular , and calculated to increase the influence of ministers : this he thought a contradiction in terms . He could not understand how a measure could give ministers influence , and be at the same time unpopular . could easily remove the difficulty which the hon . gentleman had , of conceiving how any thing that would give patronage could be unpopular . Measures of taxation , for instance , were extremely unpopular , yet no measures were attended with more extensive patronage in the appointment of collectors , & c. ; and even that patronage was felt as one of the greatest hardships annexed to them . His hon . friend behind him ( Mr. Herbert ) had complimented the noble lord opposite on his gallantry in fighting in the foremost ranks for the Union , and conquering the opponents of that measure . His hon . friend ought , however , to have recollected , that one of the greatest conquerors of antiquity asserted , that he would take any town into which he could get room for an ass laden with gold to enter . That this was the sort of agency employed in the conquest for which his hon . friend gave the noble lord so much credit , he had the authority of the Irish chancellor of the exchequer for believing . It was strange that the noble lord , who