the advances made oat of the petitioners ' funds at home , for supplies in goods and bullion sent to India and China for payment of bills of exchange drawn upon the petitioners from thence , and for sums paid in England on account of political and military charges appertaining to the Indian territory , have very largely exceeded all the returns received in the corresponding period from the said countries , which by an account carefully made out appear to be indebted to the home concern in the said period to an amount exceeding five millions sterling.—That the petitioners do not presume to request the interposition of the house , to aid them in their present emergency , without at the same time shewing their unquestionable ability to discharge all their present debts in England , and to repay whatever the house may in its wisdom think fit to assist them with ; for , independent of the Indian Debt which the petitioners submit is justly chargeable on the Indian territory , the petitioners beg leave to state that , on the 1st of March last , the sum total of debts , carrying interest and not carrying interest , owing by the petitioners in England , then amounted to the sum of 9,122,621l . ( not including the amount of their capital stock , but including the debts hereinbefore mentioned to be due to his majesty for Customs and Excise ) , and the sum owing by the public to the petitioners , taking the same as it stands in the annual accounts at 2,460,000l . and other good debts due to them in England , together with the value of the petitioners ' goods now unsold in their warehouses , and of the petitioner 's houses , warehouses , and other property in England , amount to the sum of 14,149,623l . ; and moreover , the petitioners certainly expect further goods from India and China in the course of the present year to the amount of 5,271,000l . which , added to the last-mentioned sum , will make their actual property in England amount to 19,420,023l . from which the debts aforesaid being deducted , there will remain a balance of 10,298,002l . ; but taking only the amount of the goods now unsold in their warehouses , being 7,815,305l . and the amount of goods to be expected in the course of the year , being 5,271,000l . both will make an aggregate of property amounting to 13,086,305l . and if from this be deducted the estimated amount of sales in the course of the year , there will still 72 remain at the end of the year goods to the amount of 8,307,092l . as a security for any loan that may be made : —That the various Accounts and Estimates necessary to support an application by the petitioners to the house for relief in the premises could not be made out in time for the petitioners to prepare and present a petition thereon before the time limited for receiving private petitions was elapsed ; and therefore praying , that in consideration of the circumstances of their case , leave may be granted to them now to present to the house their petition , praying that the house will be pleased to take the matters aforesaid into their consideration , and to grant to the Petitioners such relief in the premises as their case may require , and to the house shall seem meet . `` —The Petition being read by the clerk , said , that as the affairs of the East India Company were already under the consideration of a committee of that house , which was then employed in investigating them , he would move , That the Petition be referred to the said committee . said , although he should be inclined to bow to any recommendation of that committee , yet he could not help thinking the most fair way would be to refer this Petition to a special committee , as it appeared to be a question of very great importance , in order to ascertain whether the