, as to point out other means of relief to the Sugar Planters ? There was a necessary connection betwixt the subjects , and the committee could hardly disjoin them.—There was not a majority , not even a third of the Committee which had the most distant connection with the West Indies . There were of it gentlemen of great landed property , and of agricultural knowledge ; and there were others of general acquaintance with mercantile and financial concerns , connected with various parts of the empire , and to whom the wise disposal of the question was a matter of essential interest . Would a committee made up wholly or chiefly of landed proprietors have been more competent or more impartial ? Let the proceedings of the committee be looked to . Had they sat so many weeks to detail in evidence the long catalogue of West India distresses ? or had their time been taken up almost entirely in ascertaining to what extent , under the present circumstances , injury to the agricultural interest of the mother country could possibly result from the experiment . For his own part , ( who had found himself nominated of that committee without his previous knowledge , ) he must declare , ( he had often declared in the committee , ) that the measure should not have his approbation , if it were merely shewn to be beneficial to the Colonies ; 523 but only if it appeared to be , under a new situation of the country , a measure of wise and useful precaution for the general benefit.—An hon . baronet ( sir J. Sinclair , ) had referred to the Report of a Committee of the last parliament , and had repeated some expressions from it ; willing to shew that this very question had been recently determined by a committee of parliament which had decidedly disapproved the measure . But the hon . baronet had omitted to state , that the former committee had it not at all in their contemplation to stop the Distillery from grain . They were to consider of the expediency of admitting Sugar to be used in common with grain in the distilleries ; and against this measure there did appear to be on the score of revenue , objections so many and formidable , that the committee could not recommend it . They had , however , concluded their Report by suggesting the propriety of endeavouring to remove those impediments which stood in the way of an expedient , the adoption of which , at a future time , might be matter of necessity.—Now , after that Report , the appointment of the existing committee was a fair presumption that those who recommended such an appointment did see some change in the situation or circumstances of the country which might possibly prove the expediency , not of mixing sugar with grain in the distilleries , but of substituting sugar for grain for a limited time . Such circumstances , doubtless , had been in the contemplation of the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , when he suggested the enquiry ; and they were principally these ; the interruption of that intercourse through which for an average of years past we had received into the consumption of this kingdom , a supply of about 770,000 quarters of grain annually from foreign parts , and , moreover , a temporary stoppage by the American embargo of that intercourse by which our West India colonies were ordinarily supplied with flour and grain . These two facts , taken together , formed an entirely novel situation of the country , which could not be viewed without anxiety , and which , indeed , had called for the anxious solicitude of some of our most eminent agricultural economists . The timely attention to facts thus notorious and important was so far from being of a nature to excite , that it ought , on the contrary , to allay apprehension . Nothing could cause more confidence in the people as to the essential provision for their sustenance , 524 than to