one of the sorts of ink , and the whole imposition was detected . But the bishops were very eager for uniformity : where was that uniformity in the church of England , when the differences in the Common Prayer Books of Cambridge and Oxford amounted to 3,600 and upwards ? All the bishops ought to be ashamed of themselves . He begged pardon for saying 'all ; ' one respectable prelate had made a most logical , sound , and liberal speech on the present occasion , and had been most miserably answered by the priest who spoke last . When the privileges of three millions of people were under consideration , it was scandalous to be reading anonymous libels against them . He should have thought that the noble viscount on the cross bench ( Sidmouth ) might have been better acquainted with the rule of order , than to accuse the catholics of a want of patriotism , merely because they persisted in claiming what appeared to them to be their due . The noble earl then read a paper published by the English catholics , disclaiming all the mischievous doctrines imputed to them , in which they were joined by the Irish catholics , and concluded by observing , that there could not be a libel urged against them to which that paper was not a complete answer . was satisfied that the discussion of this subject could produce nothing but irritation and mischief . He contrasted the conduct of the noble lords opposite when in power , with their conduct now they were out of power . When in power , they were ready to relinquish even a comparatively insignificant measure to relieve the catholics ; now they were out of power , nothing would content them but a full and complete concession . 686 The noble baron who brought forward this motion declared , that this concession was necessary for the salvation of the empire . If he thought so when in office he ought to have declared it ; if his opinion had changed , he ought to explain the cause of that change . A great delusion was practised by stating that three millions of people were interested in this question , when in fact not more than three hundred could be actually interested . He wished , however , to be distinctly understood as giving no opinion on the catholic claims ; what he meant was , that it was extremely indiscreet to agitate the question when its fate must be anticipated . opposed the motion , because he was averse to the whole principle of the measure . He had every reason to love the people of Ireland , but he was convinced that a compliance with the prayer of the petition would be so far from tranquillizing that country , that it would have a quite contrary effect . The catholics now wanted seats in parliament ; but this was only to be the step to a great deal more : He gave it as his opinion , that if the parliament was opened to the catholics , eighty dissenters from the church of England would be returned for Ireland ; and this opinion was founded on the great increase of the catholic freeholders . Adverting to the negative proposed to be allowed to his majesty in the appointment of Roman-catholic bishops , he observed that this was no more than giving a concurrent jurisdiction with Buonaparte , who commanded the pope . The principles of the catholics , he thought , ought to be watched with jealousy . He quoted an observation in the publication of Dr. Milner , in order to shew the spirit which still appeared to prevail among them . This was a remark on the statue of his majesty , or his predecessor , at Cork ; which was said to be painted yellow because the king was an orange-man , and sided with a few thousands of his subjects against as many millions . He agreed perfectly with the noble baron who introduced the subject , that it would be wise to make