revolution , there never existed so happy an opportunity for Great Britain to strike a bold stroke for the rescue of the world . But , sir , it is said , 'if you do not distrust the administration , why discuss this subject in parliament ! ' Sir , I will tell you why . I am disposed to trust administration . But I wish to demand two things : I wish first to declare , that , in my opinion , we must not deal in dribblets ; we must do much or nothing . Why do I make this declaration ? Because no cabinet which has hitherto existed in this country—not even excepting that with which I had the honour of being connected —has pursued simply and plainly one clear and distinct object . Instead of striking at the core of the evil , the administrations of this country have hitherto contented themselves with nibbling at the rind . In this censure , I must not include an hon . friend near me , nor Mr. Burke . They would have proceeded directly and completely to the object which they had in view , or they would not have advanced to it a step . But with these exceptions , the ministers of England have pursued a petty policy ; they have gone about filching sugar islands , and neglecting all that was dignified and all that was consonant to the truly understood interests of their country . I wish therefore , sir , to let Spain know , that the conduct which we have pursued we will not persevere in , but that we are resolved fairly and fully to stand up for the salvation of Europe . The next demand I have to make , sir , is , that if a co-operation with Spain be expedient , it should be an effectual co-operation . I repeat , that I am far from prompting his majesty 's government to engage in any rash romantic enterprise ; but , if upon ascertaining the state of the popular mind in Spain , they find it is warmed by a patriotic and enthusiastic ardour , then , sir , all I ask is , that that feeling should be met here with corresponding energy and enthusiasm . Bonaparte has hitherto run a most victorious race . Hitherto he has had to contend against princes without dignity , and ministers without wisdom . He has fought against countries in which the people have been indifferent as to his success ; he has yet to learn what it is to-fight against a country in which the people are animated with one spirit to resist 889 him . So far , sir , from bringing forward a motion prematurely to embarrass his majesty 's government , I solemnly declare , that , if the opportunity to which I have alluded of a vigorous interference on the part of England should arise , the present administration shall have from me as cordial and as sincere a support as if the man whom I most loved were restored to life and power . Is this a vain discussion ? Let those who think so look at the present state of Europe . Will not the animation of the Spanish mind be excited by the knowledge that their cause is espoused , not by ministers alone , but by the parliament and the people of England ? If there be a disposition in Spain to resent the insults and injuries , too enormous to be described by language , which they have endured from the tyrant of the earth , will not that disposition be roused to the most sublime exertion , by the assurance that their efforts will be cordially aided by a great and powerful nation ? Sir , I think this a most important crisis . Never was any thing so brave , so generous , so noble , as the conduct of the Asturians . They have magnanimously avowed their hostility to France , they have declared war against Bonaparte ; they have no retreat ; they are resolved to