of the community , were so seriously concerned . saw no reason for further delay , as sufficient time would yet be 919 afforded for every reasonable purpose.—After a few words from Mr. C. Wynne , the bill was read a second time , and ordered to be committed on Wednesday . opposed the grant ; for which , he said , the trustees ought not to have applied to parliament while they had in their hands a sum of 50,000l . towards carrying on the purposes of that institution , no account of the application of which was laid before the house , nor the interest of that sum , which ought also to be applied to the purposes of the establishment , He said , that a great waste of the public money already granted had been committed , in paying a large salary and allowances to an useless and unnecessary officer ; namely , the Auditor ; and expended in building for him a house , with extensive gardens and offices . There was no such officer in the Military Asylum , and he thought this a wasteful profusion of public money ; and towards a clergy-man , too , who possessed two valuable livings in Ireland , upon which it was his duty to reside , and which , in the spirit of the act lately passed in that house , he ought to be obliged to do . He objected also to the employment of a surgeon with a large salary , house , and offices , who never had been in the navy ; because he thought , that all officers of a naval institution ought to be naval men , and that this institution , by employing men wholly unconnected with the navy , was rather a discouragement to the navy than otherwise . expressed his astonishment that the hon . baronet could expect that a sum of 50,000l . which was the donation of private persons , and given expressly on the condition of providing for such children of seamen as they should recommend , was to be applied in the first instance for the quite different purpose of carrying on the building now adopted by his majesty , and sanctioned by parliament . He was ready to give the lion , admiral credit for the friendship he had always professed towards the navy ; but was utterly at a loss to reconcile that profession with the 920 hon . admiral 's opposition to the means of carrying on the building of an Institution , where 1000 children , the orphans of seamen , were to be provided for , and which must actually be stopt , if the means were not immediately granted for continuing the business of architecture ; and this merely because two gentlemen were employed as officers in the Institution , who were not actually naval men . He was utterly at a loss to account for this persevering opposition from the hon . admiral , who , while ha professed a zeal for the interests of officers in the navy , was actually , in effect , endeavouring to impede objects most interesting to the feelings of those officers . There was a school instituted at Greenwich Hospital , designed originally for the sons of naval officers , to the number of 200 . That school was now full , but not entirely with the children of officers , of whom there were but 73 , the rest being the sons of common seamen ; and for want of room the son of an admiral was now obliged to sleep in the same bed with one of those common boys . It was designed to remove from the school to the Asylum all the children of common seamen , so as to leave the Institution free for the full number of officers ' children ; and yet to this intention , the hon . admiral was , in effect , offering every opposition in his power . As to the gentleman who filled the office of Auditor , he was not employed by the present commissioners ;