in justice . He could declare with truth , that the right hon . gentleman alluded to could never have been induced to accede to such a measure from unjust motives . He also should not do justice to the gallant officer if he did not declare , that he had seen him uniformly actuated by a strict sense of integrity , the highest honour , and the utmost devotion to the service of his country . declared that he should never be deterred by the dread of recrimination from submitting what he esteemed it to be his duly to offer to the house . He was sorry the gallant officer could not be present ; but as what he had to say would depend on the documents alone , he could easily inform himself on the subject . He had stated on a former night , that the appointment of that officer to be captain of the fleet under admiral Gambier had created the utmost disgust throughout the nary . He did not state so without documents on which to ground his assertion ; and he thought he could not do better than read a letter which he held in his hand , addressed to admiral Gambier on this occasion . The hon . gentleman then proceeded to read a remonstrance to lord 755 Gambier , from admirals Hood , Keates , and Stopford , on the subject of that appointment , and contended that this document fully justified the expressions he had used on the former occasion . The hon . gent , was proceeding to some observations respecting the question relative to the Rochfort squadron , when he was called to order by who contended that there was no connexion between the observations of the hon . gentleman and the question before the house ; at the same time declaring , that he was perfectly ready to meet the hon . gent . upon the topic to which he had referred , whenever it should be brought regularly before the house . observed , that as the expressions used by the hon . gentleman on a former occasion had been adverted to , he was perfectly in order in explaining these expressions , and the grounds upon which he had used them . It would be for the hon . gent , however , to decide how far his statement ought to be carried for the purpose of such explanation . was not disposed to proceed further on the subject , as his object had only been to shew that the case he had urged was supported by undoubted authority . He should conclude by declaring that , as the case of his hon . friend seemed to him to be fully made out , he should vote in support of his resolutions . ( sir John Nicholls ) would not discharge his duty to the house , nor to the memory of that illustrious individual who was now unfortunately no more ( Mr. Pitt ) , if he did not state to the house the grounds of the opinion upon which he had recommended the grant . Ever since this subject had been first mentioned , he had felt personally embarrassed with respect to the matter . It had been said , that the grant had been made upon a reluctant report from the king 's advocate ; but so far from that having been the case , the report concluded without expressing any opinion , which , on so novel a case , the law officers who signed the report were not competent to give . On so grave a question as the exercise of the inquisitorial power of that house respecting the expenditure of the public money , it was important to keep in view the object of the motion . That object was a censure on the conduct of a late administration for an improvident grant of money , in order to prevent a similar act in future . It was unfortunate , for any individual to be the 756 object of accusation in that house , but it was particularly unfortunate for