he stated , was , 'What religion are you of ? ' To which the child was taught to reply , ' I am , thank God ! a Protestant . ' Such opinions were merely calculated to revive all those latent sparks of animosity , which , but for the culpable industry of some , might have long since been extinguished . The whole system of education in those schools , he maintained , was destructive to the peace and tranquillity of that people , who had been too long and too lately reminded of those mischievous and unfounded assertions , those envenomed calumnies , and antiquated stories , which had hitherto been employed most effectually as the means of exciting those against each other , whose natural benevolence of dis- 10 position must have , in the ordinary course of things , led them to unite in peace , concord , and the common cause and general welfare . He was happy , however , to find these calumnies and gossippings seemed of late rather to be confined to that house . He should not have any objection to the present grant , but he nevertheless thought it his duty to State his intention of bringing the whole establishment very shortly under the review of parliament . thought the opposition of the hon . member , even supposing he had the document to which he wished to refer the house now in his hand , perfectly irregular , since there could be no motion made in the committee for the reformation of the general establishment . maintained , that the antiquity of these establishments and grants were alone but sorry reasons for their continuance . Many others , which had commenced nearly about the same time with these , loudly called for abolition . It was not the character of the lower order of Irish to neglect their children , nor were the Catholics of Ireland the most prone to commit this unnatural crime ; they had at least the feelings and humanity of men , if they had not their political advantages . He maintained , that the children educated in these schools were not proper objects of charity . Their education and temporary support were too often made the means of purchasing them perhaps by the inadvertence of their parents , from the religion of their forefathers . Hence whatever pains might be taken , there was not above one-fifth of those who received their education in these schools , who were added to the number of the established church . It was , then , a great delusion held out to parliament to suppose the supplies yearly granted for this purpose were in any degree proportioned to the advantages the country received . In most Catholic and remote parts of Ireland , those schools had been much on the decline , while they had proportionally increased within the vicinity of Dublin . rose to justify the character of the board appointed under the government of the duke of Bedford . By enumerating some of the persons who composed that board , he thought he could justify them from any intentions hostile to the established religion . These were the primate of Ireland , the provost of Trinity 11 College , Dublin , the chief justice , and several others connected both with the government and the established church . said , the evils of Ireland were of a particular description , and arose from the prejudices of the lower order , and the mischievous principles disseminated by misguided and depraved characters of the higher order . The publications of the day were fraught with the venom of party ; and a late pamphlet published in Dublin by an association of priests , to the amount of 110 , had set forth a detail of all the flagitious and criminal misrepresentations of the conduct of England to Ireland . When such extravagancies were committed without reprehension , he was almost surprised to hear there existed in Ireland an Attorney-General . thought these works , if they did exist , had been published by way of reprisals