bill , and determined not to urge the 962 matter further at present in the house of commons . Then the chancellor of the exchequer starts up ; and , without having given the least hint of what he was about to do , urges forward that bill which he had opposed in every previous stage with professed hostility ; performs the function which only appertained to a supporter of the bill ; passes it , and sends it up to us as sanctioned by the deliberate judgment of the house of commons . Wherefore ? Because , to those who had determined to trample on the Claim , it was more desirable that sentence should be passed upon it , than that it should remain to strengthen itself by its intrinsic merit in public opinion ; so it was to be expedited to us , to receive that doom which it was thought would be secured for it in this place . Flattering indeed to this house to imagine that such a question , a question of private property and personal justice , would be prejudged here ! No other construction , unfortunately , can be given to these steps . How ought we to look upon those who have co-operated in such a plan ? That is a point which I leave to your feelings respectively ; for it is too painful for me to press.—So much , my lords , for the preliminaries . Now see upon what sort of argument the motion itself is recommended . The noble lord does not pretend to deny the original specific contract entered into by Mr. Pitt , nor does he dispute the fact , that the advantage reaped by the public from Mr. Palmer 's plan has gone far beyond what had been contemplated ; but he gives you a choice of two solutions to do away the inference from his admission . In the first place , he tells you that though it was Mr. Pitt 's intention to grant those conditions , they were found irreconcileable to the Post-office Act ; therefore , Mr. Palmer accepted a lower per-centage and a place , both to be held at the pleasure of the minister . Mr. Palmer 's invariable assertion to the contrary , and his loud reclamation against Mr. Pitt 's subsequent conversion of the terms into an annuity of 3,000l . is intitled to at least as much weight , as the loose supposition now offered to you . Must it not , however , strike every one as the grossest of absurdities in Mr. Palmer , that he should gratuitously waive a benefit assured to him for life , in order , without any additional or compensatory boon , to rest upon the will of whosoever might be minister ? This , too , when he knew the irritation of all the old servants of the Post-office against him , for 963 his pretension of managing a branch of their duty better than they had devised means of doing . The point , however , is clear from that very evidence on which the noble lord thinks he can be borne out to another conclusion . That Mr. Palmer might be entitled to interfere at the Post-office , it was necessary he should have a place under the Post-master General ; a place , we will allow , on the tenure of good behaviour ; and a calculated portion equal to the salary of the place was to be deducted from the per-centage . Now , who does not see that in reason and justice this deduction could only be understood for as long as he should hold the place ? Remove him , and you return to the original contract . That contract , it is now said , was not admitted by Mr. Pitt . The contract , my lords , can not be denied . It stands in clear written proof before you . Nothing but assumptions , assumptions of the most extravagant nature , appear against it ; and that Mr. Pitt should have thought himself at liberty to impose arbitrarily