lordships to 'grant me two years leave of absence for 'that purpose from the date hereof . I 'have , & c. HOME POPHAM . '—Copy of a letter from P. Stephens , esq . to lieutenant Home Popham.—Admiraity-office , 19th 'February , 1787.—Sir ; In return to your 'letter of the 16th inst . requesting two 'years leave to go to the East Indies to 723 transact some private affairs , I am commanded by my lords commissioners of the admiralty to acquaint you , that they can not give you leave to go into any of the East India Companys settlements without your first obtaining the companys permission to go thither . I am , & c. P. STEPHENS.—Copy of a letter from P. Stephens , esq . to lieut . Home Popham : Admiralty-office , 22nd Feb. 1787.—Sir ; Having communicated to my lords commissioners of the admiralty your letter of the 20th inst . * informing them , that you have no intention to go to any of the East India companys settlements , your private affairs requiring you at the Danish settlement of Fredericknagore , and requesting two years leave of absence for that purpose ; I am commanded by their lordships to acquaint you that they do not think fit to give leave to any officers on half-pay to go to the East Indies , unless they are employed in the service of the East India company . I am , & c. PHILIP STEPHENS.—Copy of a letter from P. Stephens , esq . to lieut . Popham : Admiralty-office , 28th March , 1787 —Sir ; Having read to my lords commissioners of the Admiralty your letter of † yesterdays date , desiring you may be indulged with two years leave to reside in the Danish settlement of Fredericknagore , in the East Indies , on your private affairs , upon your relinquishing your half-pay till you return to England ; I am to acquaint you that their lordships are pleased to give you two years leave for that purpose upon your relinquishing your half-pay accordingly . I am , & c. P. STEPHENS'.—One would have supposed , sir , that even a less observing man than the hon . captain , who is by no means deficient in penetration , would have suspected that all this caution on the part of the Admiralty was not entirely without , cause . One would have thought that it must have occurred to him , that there was something illegal , something not quite correct in the traffic , in which he proposed to engage . But I have no occasion to have recourse to reasoning or supposition ; I will prove that the hon . captain was perfectly aware of the illegality of this trade , though he has thought proper in his Me- * Here there is a memorandum in the papers that this letter from lieut . Popham could not be found in the Admiralty . † Here is a memorandum that this letter also could not be found . 724 morial to assert his ignorance of it . The hon . captain , having obtained this leave , immediately went to Ostend , where he entered into a commercial connection with the house of Charnock and Co. a house of all others the most notorious for smuggling and illicit trade . It was this house that used to fit out cutters , which contended even with British vessels , and it is recollected in the navy how obstinately the British hon . a cutter fitted out by Messrs. Charnock , defended herself against the Hyœna , commanded by admiral , then captain Thornborough . From this port of Ostend , the hon . captain sailed in the Ville de Vienne , a vessel of from 400 to 500 tons burthen , under Imperial colours ; and would it be believed went first to Bombay , and afterwards to almost every other settlement of the East India company , though his leave of absence was obtained to reside at Fredericknagore . In 1789 we find him at Calcutta , engaged in illicit