, and to counteract the intentions of parliament so often expressed.—Sir , the insult to the individual , by this argument , and by these pretences , is trifling in comparison with that with which he dares to treat the house . After having been five times told , in the independent language of parliament , that if individuals can not obtain justice out of doors , they shall within its walls ; even 1026 from the minister himself , supported as he needs must be , with great and commanding majorities on most occasions , one should have hoped , and expected , that the decent respect due from him to the voice of parliament , expressed through organs , which could be only influenced by the principles of justice in voting the public money , would have induced the right hon . gent . to bow to an authority so satisfactory and convincing , so entirely exonerating him from all responsibility , or at least , that he would not have insulted the house , by an open disregard of its votes , by this sovereign contempt for its decision , by coming at this late period of the session , when most of its independent members are out of town , and the friends and dependents of government composing the greater part of the house . Was ever so marked , so contemptuous a disregard of the voice of parliament ? Was ever so unworthy a finesse practised by the first minister of the government on the house ? —So much for the manner in which the right hon . gent . has brought forward this motion . And now , sir , as to his justification on the score of precedent ; he has certainly favoured us with a number of precedents , of special bills , brought in for grants to individuals , which he tells us are applicable to the present case ; and , he adds , `` that it is not even a general , much less an universal , rule to include such grants of money in the appropriation act . `` —Sir , I am now at issue with the right hon . gent . ; for I maintain , and I defy the disproval of my assertion , that there is no one instance , on the journals of your house , of a sum of money , due as a debt to an individual , which has not been voted in the appropriation act . I will put the whole of this case on the truth or falsehood of this assertion ; no one will dispute that this is a debt due from the public to an individual ; an acknowledged one , recognized by the votes , and solemn resolutions of this house . It must , therefore , be voted in the manner all similar sums are voted . But what are these precedents of bills , which are said to apply to this case ? I really am astonished that the right hon . gentleman should insult our understandings , by attempting to impose these cases on us as in any degree similar to the present . What was the case of Mrs. Stevens ? a conditional remuneration ? Mr. Philips 's the same . The condition unperformed , the remuneration would not be bestowed . How , 1027 but by a bill , could such a grant be made ? 'But , ' says the right hon . gent . 'these were certainly conditional , and I am afraid do not quite apply ; ' but then he adds , triumphantly , 'the case of Mr. Roche was an absolute debt , money acknowledged to be due , and yet a bill was brought in for this purpose . ' Now , sir , if this be the case which is to direct our votes to night , the right hon . gentleman must shew , that it is entirely applicable to the one in question . Most certainly the right hon . gentleman has a great advantage over us , in the production