, the same reasons which prevailed to dismiss Mr. Palmer from his official trust operated still stronger to cancel the agreement , and to annul it for ever . How was it possible for government to preserve a compact with a man , who was himself violating the main principle of all governments , by industriously fomenting a spirit of insubordination , and holding forth a studied example of contempt and disobedience to superiors in office ? Mr. Palmer had been appointed to watch over and protect a particular branch of the revenue , and though his own personal integrity in that situation certainly stood unimpeached , yet the spleen and petulance of his disposition had tended to produce effects nearly as prejudicial , as ever his dishonesty could have done . The principles of gentlemanly honour prevented him , indeed , from practising a fraud himself , but the criminal suggestions of anger and revenge induced him to sanction the fraudulent practices of others , and to encourage the injury of that very revenue out of which he was at the moment vitally supported . Let me ask , how is it possible Mr. Palmer could expect to have an agreement fulfilled between the public and himself , when he was teaching his own deputies in office , how to inconvenience that very public , and how to counteract that very service , and those very resulting benefits , for which he himself was to be so liberally rewarded ? —It could not be . For those reasons , the minister was more than justified in cancelling the agreement ; for if he had kept any compact with so bold an offender , he would neither have been justified to his conscience , or in the eyes of his countrymen . Mr. Palmer 's own letters are an ample proof of his offence.— [ The right hon . gentleman here read extracts from the letters , vide ( a ) ] Prom these letters , I must positively contend , 232 that if even the appointment and agreement had passed the great seal , yet upon the production of such testimonials , there would be an abundance of evidence whereon to found a scire facias , and have the patent rescinded . I can confidently appeal to all the gentlemen of the long robe in the house as to the verity of my legal remarks : nay more , if a bill of indictment had been preferred , whether Mr. Palmer might not have been convicted of a conspiracy ? Then , will this house for a moment entertain a claim with so impeached and flawed a title ? Or will it sanction by its grant the repetition of such dangerous conduct ? I feel persuaded that , this house will not . Upon the whole , I do not think Mr. Palmer has any further claim on the justice of this country ; and I am certain , that if Mr. Pitt had attempted to countenance his claims , or to have restored him to office , the gentlemen who now advocate the petitioner 's case , would have been the loudest in their condemnation of the minister . I am sorry to make any remark that may appear personal to the supporters of the petition , but I must observe , that it will prove an extraordinary encouragement , to the multiplication of claims upon government , if every discontented man , be the nature or expediency of his demands ever so preposterous , can ensure to his support the whole embodied phalanx of opposition , merely because an enforcement of the claim may embarrass his majesty 's ministers . In fact , it is hardly possible to attribute otherwise than to party spirit , and a desire , perhaps , to add one single vote to their minority , the conduct of gentlemen on the other side of the house . To every impartial mind it is impossible to detach the reward of Mr. Palmer 's services from the contemplation of those services still remaining actively engaged for the public . Both the salary and the