conquer , or to perish in the grave of the honour and the independence of their country . It is that the British government may advance to their assistance with a firmer step , and with a bolder mien , that I have been anxious to afford this opportunity to the British parliament , of expressing the feelings which they entertain on the occasion . I move , sir , `` That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , that he will be graciously pleased to direct that there be laid before this house , copies of such Proclamations as have been received by his majesty 's Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs , and which have been issued since the arrival of the French army at Madrid ; whether by the Spanish Government , the French Commander in Chief , or by persons since claiming to act on behalf of the Spanish nation . '' replied nearly as follows : —Mr . Speaker , I am disposed to give every credit to my right hon . friend for his motives in agitating this subject , and I can assure him , that he is very much mistaken if he imagines that it was intended to check or rebuke him , by any thing that was said on a recent evening from this side of the house . At that time al- 890 though I was in possession of my right hon . friend 's communication , my right hon . friend near me was not so . Sir , I could very easily shew my right hon . friend that it is impossible to produce the papers for which he has moved ; some , because they have not reached his majesty 's government in an authenticated form ; others , because they are not accurately described in the motion ; and all , because if we were in possession of the information which they contain , it would be highly improvident in us at the present moment , to communicate that information to the world . While I state this , however , sir , I hope my right hon . friend will not misunderstand me so much as to suppose that I impute to him any blame for this proceeding , or that I undervalue the pledge which he has given us of his support in any plan of active operations which it may be deemed advisable to adopt with respect to Spain ; the more especially when it is considered that in that pledge may be implied the support of those persons with whom my right hon . friend is accustomed to act in parliament , and of whose body he is so eminent and distinguished a member . Sir , I should have been far from charging my right hon . friend with blame , even had he gone so far as to chalk out to his majesty 's ministers the line of conduct that in his opinion it would be expedient for them to pursue . From this he has abstained . Indisposed as I should have been to censure my right hon . friend , had he proceeded to that extent , I can not but feel that his speech , moderate as it has been , calls for such a general disclosure of the sentiments of his majesty 's ministers as may be made without hazard , without a dishonourable compromise , and without exciting expectations which may never be realised . It is therefore , sir , I declare to the house and to the country , that his majesty 's ministers see with as deep and lively an interest as my right hon . friend , the noble struggle which a part of the Spanish nation is now making to resist the unexampled atrocity of France , and to preserve the independence of their country ; and that there exists the strongest disposition on the part of the British government to afford every practicable aid in a contest so magnanimous . In endeavouring to afford this aid , sir , it will never occur to us to consider