now propose to give to them , for that they are coming on perpetually to demand one privilege after another . It is your fault , that they are left to come to you from time to time , to demand more and more justice at your hands . But the right hon . gent . says , that if you grant , what is now asked of you , you must go on until there is nothing left to be granted . This might as well have beeen said in the year 1788 , and in the year 1793 , when some things were granted to the Catholics , as at this moment . It is an argument , ( if , indeed , it is not dignifying it too much to give it that name , ) which would have done just as well at any period , as it will do now , because it goes against granting the Catholics any thing , at any time ; and if it even were true , would be a satire on the legislature for every thing it ever did for the Catholics . But it seems the mode here proposed , of going into a committee , is objectionable ; that you should not go into that committee unless something-specific were pointed out to be done ; that we should say , before hand , what is to be done ; and thus it is that the spontaneous Petition of 30,000 persons shall be passed over , instead of being referred to a committee , because it is apprehended , by some , that you may do something too little , for the Catholics , and so displease them , or , if you please , you may , possibly , do something so far too much , as to displease others ; then , I say , this is reasoning in favour of going into a committee , because there you will have an opportunity of discussing what will , or what will not satisfy the Catholics , or their opponents ; otherwise you may as well say that the whole of your penal code against the Catholics should have remained entire . Upon the reasoning of the chancellor of the exchequer , you were quite wrong in what you granted to the college of Maynooth the other day—that grant , pitiful as I think it was , was yet too much , for , if he be right in his argument , it should not have been granted at all . Nay , upon his 633 reasoning you should rescind altogether the grants which the legislature has , from time to time , tirade to the Roman Catholics ; for they are the source of all their discontents . All this , I say , is false reasoning , and I hope this house will view it in that light , and that you will go into a committee upon this subject , to inquire what is best to be done . We shall then see what it is the friends of the Catholics wish to do , and if you find they aim at too much , you can then oppose them . But do not say you will not hear their Petition ; for that is the course now recommended to you by those who oppose it . But the right hon . gent . says , that if the Roman Catholic religion shall be changed at any time , he shall then be willing to consider whether any thing farther can be granted to its profesors . What change does he want ? Does he want the Pope to become a temporal nonentity ? If that be the change he wants , that change is already effected . But , 'the king should have the nomination of the Catholic bishops , in Ireland , instead of the Pope . ' That again is , in substance , offered to you ; for the Catholics propose that the king shall have a negative upon every one of them , and that none shall officiate as