a slave in his very capital . A more considerable , and almost independent French power , fixed in Doab , and in possession of the person of the mogul , menaced our most 372 vulnerable frontier on the side of Oude , allied with France , and prepared to cooperate with her or any other invader of the British dominions . Mark the change . The sultaun overthrown ; his hatred , his name , his kingdom extinguished for ever . The Nizam emancipated from French influence , amongst our closest and most attached allies . The Maratta confederacy , broken , disjointed , and humbled by our arms , is no longer an object of anxiety or alarm . The French force in every part of India dissolved and dispersed , and scarce an individual of the nation remaining on that vast portion of the earth , but by our sufferance and permission . The unquestioned predominance of Britain established , without a rival throughout the Indian world , and the blessings of British justice and government extended to millions of thankful and protected subjects.—In the course of these events much has been added to the British dominions , much to the glory and splendour of the British name , to which no one has more contributed than my right hon . friend near me . ( Sir A . Wellesley . ) But , sir , the wisdom which guided , and the genius which inspired all the measures from which those effects have flowed , have not so much added to the extent of our possessions and the glory of our name , as to the permanent strength , solidity , and security , of our empire . Contemplating our situation as the late governor-general found it on his arrival , and comparing it with what he left it at his departure , we may well say , lateritiam invenit marmoream reliquit.—I shall trouble you no further , than merely to acknowledge with gratitude , the indulgence I have received , and entreat the house to believe if I appear to have abused it , that I have been induced so long to trespass on its patience , in obedience only to the strongest sense of public duty , and a conscientious conviction , that in vindicating the acts of lord Wellesley 's administration , I am defending the most important and valuable interests of my country . contended , that the nabob 's father and grand-father had lived and died in amity with the British government , and that by the treaty of 1792 , the nabob was not precluded from any but a political association , or correspondence with the native powers . No one act of hostility had been committed by the nabob , nor had he been proved in any instance to have violated his engagements with the company . He could not agree in 373 the view of this subject taken by the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , because it appeared by the Papers , that the general government in India had the intention to annex the nabob 's territories to those of the East India company , long before any charge of perfidy was imputed to him . What must have been the fidelity of the nabob , if the governor general could not from the year 1798 to 1801 , find any pretext for the usurpation of his territories , for an usurpation he considered it ? After the clear and able statements of the hon . baronet , it was unnecessary for him to say any thing more on the subject . He was aware how little the house was inclined to entertain a question of this kind . If any thing was calculated to rouse the spirit of that house , the statements lately made in it , relative to the nabob of Oude , must have done so . At that time the house must have seen the honour and interests of the country sacrificed ; and after the same had been passed over without the slightest notice by the