it have been then ? I question if we should have heard that , on that account , barley should be cheaper , any more than we hear that barley should be cheap because the crop of wheat was abundant . You see , sir , the principle is , that the loss by deficiency of any crop may be charged on any other crop ; but the abundance of any crop may not be carried to the credit of any other crop in extenuation , of its price.—We will however sup- 504 pose all this to be settled with the farmer.—He will next claim a sufficient profit to enable him to live comfortably and genteelly . We know what this means , for we have it before our eyes . Parts of the country may differ ; but in many parts it means this , that they are to live at more expence , not only than their own ancestors , but the ancestors of many of their landlords . It would also be expected that their profits should enable them to provide for their families , not only in their own line , but also in the different walks of life formerly occupied by the higher orders . Still it remains , that they should have the means of laying by wherewithal to purchase their own or neighbouring farms , if such should come to sale : and accordingly I have heard , from no incompetent authority , that half the land which has been sold of late years , has passed into the hands of farmers.—In this class , as in every other , the road to prosperity should be open . Industry , perseverance , and economy , should insure competency ; superior skill and superior fortune should lead to advancement : but where gains are so considerable as to enable a great proportion of any class to move from its sphere , ill consequences will follow . Luxury , every-where pernicious , is no-where so fatal as when it infects those whose business it is to till the earth : I throw out as a suggestion for those whom it may concern , whether the too great association of the higher orders with this class of men , by whatever excellent motives it has been prompted , may not have served in some degree to give them ideas that rather belong to gentlemen ? And from the very narrow view which some gentlemen take of this subject , I can not help adding , that it seems to me as if they had too much adopted ideas that belong to farmers.—I shall say no more on this subject , but that , in my opinion , the rents of land are too high , the profits of farmers too high , and the price , of provisions too high for the people , the bulk of whom have no other prospect than that of closing a life of labour in a workhouse.—I now turn to another part of the subject , the Colonial case . This , sir , though we have endeavoured to blind ourselves to it so long ; though it is but a very short time since , even in this house , we have heard of the exorbitant gains of the planters ; though , within two years , they were still thought to be the fittest subjects for fresh taxation ( the tax being only not collected from 505 the impossibility of taking something where nothing was left ) ; * notwithstanding all this obstinate ignorance of their case , that case is now fully made out , so that no man can pretend to doubt it ; by the concurrent reports of three successive committees , it is proved to be neither more nor less than this , —That colonial property , having for a long time made very inadequate returns for the capital employed , is at last arrived at that point , that it makes no return at all . So that this great part of your empire , whose produce pays directly four millions into the