admiralty on the subject . He read extracts from a letter , dated 11th of Dec. stating to the admiralty the distress of the fleet , which letter was answered by the admiralty on the 18th , sending a supply of provisions in one victualling ship : although this ship was intended for the supply of three squadrons , namely , that off L ' Orient , off Ferrol , and Rochefort , yet she did not convey more than equal to sixteen days bread , for the line of battle ships off Rochefort alone . He said , if every pound of bread , which had been so sent , had been received by the Rochefort fleet alone , it would not have put it in a situation to follow the enemy . Such inattention on the part of the admiralty was the greatest blow England could receive , as it would be the greatest triumph the enemy could obtain . That day was perilous to us indeed , when we found ourselves unable to furnish 7 sail of the line sufficiently to keep their stations . He could not conceive what was meant by sending one store-ship out to supply such a fleet with bread , wine , and water . He could not foretel what would be the decision of the house , but he knew well what would be the sense of the country on such conduct : the house might divide three to one in its favour , but the nation would not be a whit the more convinced . He then read an extract from a letter to the board of admiralty , dated the 15th Dec. in which it was declared , that the fleet was in total want both of sails , water , and every other necessary with which a fleet should be provided . In consequence of such a situation , sir Richard Strachan was compelled to quit his anchorage , to look out for victuallers ; what was the event ? The enemy , taking the advantage of his absence , escaped out of Rochefort , which they never could have done , 137 or would have attempted , had sir Richard been sufficiently provided to have kept his station in Basque Roads . At length , however , he did obtain a supply of 346 tons of water , which exactly provided his fleet for 26 days ; and although he admitted that the Superb and Colossus further increased his store , still they did not so increase it as to enable him to pursue the enemy with safety . On the 28th , the Admiralty had an acknowledgment from the fleet of 23 days bread , 45 days water , and 24 days wine ; this supply , added to the former supplies , exactly made a total of eight weeks and three days provisions ; and he would ask , was that a sufficiency for a pursuit ; for instance , to the Cape of Good Hope ? The present board of Admiralty might be actuated by as pure and praiseworthy a zeal as possible , but he lamented their talents were not equal to that zeal . He said , as to sir Rd . Strachan 's squadron quitting Basque Roads , he believed there was a reason for it , but too serious for him to state in that house . As to the transports which it had been stated were sent to relieve the squadron , although three had been sent , still but one arrived . He complained loudly of the mischief which would ensue from keeping ships at sea on urgent duty , waiting for the arrival of transports ; they should be so situated as totally to feel above contingencies ; but here so fatal was the adoption of a contrary course , that even had our blockading admiral seen the fleet which he blockaded standing out to sea on the 21st of Jan. he could not have chased them 20 leagues from land ! From the very weekly accounts laid upon the table for the perusal of the country