circumstances , but would very shortly be before the house ; this would enable them to decide upon the necessity of the measure . He should , therefore , move 'That the committal of the bill be deferred until this day se'nnight . ' of Scotland saw no reason for the delay proposed , and was surprised to find the hon . member had any serious objection to the bill , which was only intended to set the superannuated Judges of Scotland on the same liberal footing as those of England . It was an improper mode of providing for the superannuated Judges from the revenue of the king ; first , because these pensions could be withdrawn at pleasure ; and secondly , because they would expire with the life of the king . He considered the delay proposed as dangerous to the Bill , and , therefore , should oppose it . wished the bill should not be committed until the report of the Finance Committee should be before the house ; the delay was inconsiderable , and might be attended with advantage to the country.—After a few words from Mr. Rose , the gallery was cleared for a division . On the division there appeared for going into the Committee , Ayes 63 ; Noes 32 . Majority 31 . The house then went into a committee . On the Clause entitling any of the Judges of the Courts of Session or Justiciary , the Lord Chief Baron , or any of the Barons of Exchequer , to retire on 3-tths of their salary , sir John Newport proposed as an amendment , that the words `` or Barons of Exchequer '' should be omitted . said , it was altogether a mistake to compare the duties of the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland , with those that were discharged by the court of the same name in Westminster Hall . The former were merely a Board of Revenue . It had been justly said , that on an average they had not twelve causes before them in twelve months . During the term before last , he was informed there were only three causes , and during the term just finished not a single one . thought it would be better to permit the Scotch to have all possible means of remuneration for their labour in their own country . The present deficiency was , perhaps , the reason why so many young Scotchmen thronged the streets of London , hunting after promotion . If it would be the means of keeping these young adventurers at home , he should feel happy in giving the bill its greatest latitude , and should , therefore , support the original clause . said , the whole of the revenue questions in Scotland came before the court of exchequer . If it were once to be laid down , that persons who from age or infirmity were incapable of instructing the jury aright , be allowed to continue judges , the complaint of there being little revenue business in Scotland would soon cease to operate . It was necessary to take care that the Judges in that court , as well as in every other , were efficient . was decidedly of this mind ; but he presumed to think it would hardly be said , that the Barons of the Exchequer had hitherto been inefficient . Therefore , there could be the less necessity for the present bill so far as they were concerned . He was informed , that it was quite consistent with the duties of this office , that the person exercising it , should reside in a foreign country . He expected to have heard from his learned friend , some reasons for the present measure , but he was disappointed . The learned lord had said , that 22 causes had stood in the paper for trial during the last term ; but every gentleman present knew , that there was nothing extraordinary in this , as not one of them might have been insisted in . for Scotland thought it invidious