East India Company were preferring a claim or a demand . He thought that as such a full investigation was necessary , the hon . gent . who presented this petition ought to have given the house a regular notice of his intention to refer it to the consideration and investigation of a committee . He did not wish to enter into any discussion of East India affairs at present , but he thought that when the house were to be induced to agree that such a sum should be given away , the case ought not to be submitted to them in such a thin house . In the most common cases such notices had uniformly been given , and was it not absurd to endeavour , under other circumstances , to make the house sanction and encourage a demand to that extent upon the public ? He hoped , therefore , that a regular notice would yet be given , for he could not so permit one shilling of his constituents to go towards the East India company . He had been formerly one of the East India committee , and then thought , as he still did think , that that company was a monopoly that ought not long to exist . This was a question which would 73 yet come to be discussed ; but he could not permit any question of this kind to go on without reminding the house of the fallacious hopes that had been held out , that the East India Company would be able to assist the funds of this country upon a future occasion . In what way , he would ask the house , were they to do it r Had they any means of doing so when such claims were submitted ? The Committee now silting would , no doubt , make out their Report in the most judicious manner ; but unless he should sec vouchers and accounts laid before the public , in the same manner as private merchants would do were they submitting similar claims , and not the mere statement that they had resources here and resources in India , he for one could not be convinced of their actual capability . Having had access to their papers , he could not help thinking this monopoly was a drawback to the general trade of the country , by affording the Americans to draw off one half of our trade , and tended to prevent it in future ; from becoming more extensive . He thought it was , therefore , the indispensable duty of ministers to inquire , whether , under such circumstances , they should propose to parliament to renew the company 's charter , which would expire in 1811 ? He was one of those who would never consent to the renewal of that charter for another three years after , that year , provided he had then a scat in that house . thought the house under obligations to his hon . friend , for the manner in which he had brought this subject forward . Being a member of the committee for inquiring into the affairs of the India company , he had an opportunity of seeing documents which enabled him to form an opinion , that the Company never would be able to repay the loan they were now calling on parliament to grant . There was a deficit in the present year 's account of no less than three millions ; and what reason was there to suppose that the Company would not come next year and call for another loan ? If the money they called for now was granted , it must be considered as a gift , and not as a loan . It , therefore , was necessary immediately to consider whether the monopoly ought to be renewed . The Company was now carrying on a trade without any surplus revenue , by borrowing money at a high interest . Their trade was daily decreasing , and the Americans had become their rivals in it . Some means should be devised to stop this