No people has ever had so much to lose ; none has ever been threatened with a greater danger of the loss of all . Every former peril of our own history shrinks into nothing in comparison with the present hour . No confederacy ever formed in Europe possessed so great a force as is now combined against us . We have no recourse as formerly to the support of other powers . Their strength is annihilated , their independence lost , and even their wishes are for the most part alienated from us . We can not look with any hope to the divisions of our enemies . The whole power of Europe is grasped by a single hand , and directed by a single will ; wielded exclusively against this country , and pointed with undivided energy at the sole object of our destruction . In this great and awful crisis , what is proposed to you ? Not to despair of your country—God for- 654 bid ! But to apply yourselves to the best means of its defence . That when we are thus menaced from without , we may at least be united within ; that if we hope for no extreme aid , we may not deprive ourselves of any part of our own resources ; that if we can not profit by any divisions of our enemies , we may not ourselves be found , in the hour of trial , a divided people . The magnitude of our real danger the mind of man can scarcely grasp . Do not add to it by visionary alarms . Our enemy is formidable without example . Against him , and not against your own countrymen , call forth the whole strength and energy of the empire.—All may yet be insufficient . But if we then fall , we shall be reverenced even in our defeat ; and if we conquer , that triumph will be doubly glorious , which is achieved by the union of a free people . To the exultation of present victory it will add the confidence of permanent security . This is a policy too plain and obvious to be argued . What is there that can prevent its adoption ? In some former periods , danger might have been apprehended from the Catholics of Ireland . If king William , against the whole tenor of his life , and in opposition to those principles which constitute the glory of his character , consented to measures of intolerance in Ireland , he had at least the plea of notorious disaffection . In the eyes of every Irish Catholic his government was an usurpation . The same opinion may have operated in a less degree under some of his immediate successors . But does it now exist ? The very family is extinguished whose pretensions were opposed to him . If those pretensions could be now revived , does any man believe that one arm would at this day be raised , one voice heard , in their support ? The claim is at an end ; the danger has ceased ; the very circumstances in which it originated are forgotten ; and your jealousies alone survive ! Has any fresh ground of apprehension since arisen ? None is pretended . Are we threatened with any practical inconvenience from these conceptions ? No . We hear only of imaginary theories of government , of fixed and immutable principles of our constitution , which must , it seems , for ever withhold its benefits from these Petitioners . Dreadful principles , if such must be their eilect ! —Hard necessity , which is to raise an eternal barrier against four millions of your subjects ! I know of no such principles under any form of government ; much less are they 655 compatible with the doctrines of a free constitution . All legislative bodies are bound to accommodate their laws to the sole objects for which their power is given —the safety and happiness of the community . It is their duty to exact no more than those interests require ; to leave