it , in this instance , more than I should probably in any other , because you are so well acquainted with the Baltic , where the fleet is supposed to be going . I think from your great professional knowledge , resource , and activity , lord Mulgrave could not have made a more judicious choice for the appointment . I have long known your admiral : he is a most honourable man ; and although you have never been on service with him , I am certain your assiduity will gain his good opinion wish my flag had been hoisted ; I should have rejoiced in acting hand in hand with you : much success attend you , and believe me , my dear sir , very truly yours , C. P. HAMILTON.—Extract of a letter from vice admiral sir Thomas Graves . July 22nd , 1807 . It does not appear that they are certain who are to be your flag officers , though doubtless long since appointed ; all agree that you are captain of the fleet , which , it is said , will consist of twenty or thirty sail of the line ; an invincible force , in which your genius and talents will have ample scope : and I think the situation you hold in the expedition is as creditable to those who appointed you , as I am persuaded it will be advantageous to the public , and honour able to yourself and the service . ' I will submit to the house , whether the opinion of these officers , written at a moment when they little expected I should take the liberty of making it public , added to the opinion of three very respectable officers who were then at the board of admiralty , ought not to have more weight in the decision of the noble lord , than the extraordinary acquirements upon those topics of the hon . gentleman . I will also , if the house will allow me to read a few more 738 letters , give most unanswerable proof that the other allegation is the reverse of true , 'that every officer was disgusted with my 'appointment . ' I am really quite ashamed to trespass so much on the house ; but really , sir , the hon . gentleman did so forcibly press the unpopularity of my appointment , that I can not refrain from attempting to remove such an impression.—'April 9th , 1808 . My dear sir ; having observed in the newspapers an assertion made in the house of commons , that your late appointment as captain of the fleet gave disgust to every officer in the expedition to Copenhagen , I feel it my duty , as one of the captains employed on that service , to assure you , that so far from being disgusted or displeased , it gave me most sincere pleasure to see you in a situation I conceived you so perfectly calculated to fill with credit to yourself and to your country ; an opinion most fully confirmed by my observations on your zeal and unwearie desertions at Copenhagen ; and I have much satisfaction in saying , I express not my own sentiments , but those of all nay brother officers I was in the habits of intimacy with , which I believe includes the greater proportion of the fleet . I have only to add , that I shall rejoice most heartily to see you again in a situation to call forth your talents for the good of the service . I am , my dear sir , & c.—Extract of a letter from a captain in the Baltic fleet : April 18th , 1808 . Our friends here inform me you are about to be employed again ; I , who witnessed your unremitting exertions and abilities at Copenhagen , with the general satisfaction you gave both army and navy , should be better pleased that you were in the same situation again , rather than in command of a single ship.—Extract , March 10th , 1808 . I observe by the