production of this paper , he should vote for its being laid immediately on the table . said , that the house did not know whether the paper related to the report or not . If any member , after 807 the report was examined , should think that the committee had reported short on any subject of which it treated , then would be the time for the motion for additional documents . He admitted that the paper in question must be produced when the committee reported on the matters to which it related ; but there was no occasion to lay it , till then , before the house . observed , that every facility had been afforded to his hon . friend to procure all the evidence with respect to the home affairs of the company ; and if no more evidence was produced , it was his hon . friend 's fault . It was rather unfair , therefore , to hold up the committee to the public as desirous to conceal the situation of the company . He disclaimed any such intention . The Report related to the home affairs ; and if he had been in the committee at the time , he certainly would have voted with the majority for withholding that paper for the present , as having no relation to the matters contained in the report . If what had been decided by the committee as debt was alone to be proposed upon that report , there could be no use for the document ; but , if any assistance was intended to be voted in the first instance , then , however hard on the company it might be , he would assent to the production of the paper . He did not wish to gloss over the affairs of the company ; neither did he wish to prejudice the public against them . They were entitled to justice . They had exposed their affairs very fairly ; and all the members of that committee were most anxious to find out and state the exact and fair truth on this subject . admitted , that the best way of proceeding would be , in the first instance to clear all our debts to the company if any were due , and then to examine into the general state of their affairs . If it was , therefore , to be understood that nothing further was to be proposed by the hon . president of the board of controul in the committee of ways and means , except a liquidation of the debt , he thought his hon . friend might suffer himself to be prevailed upon to withdraw his motion for the present . observed , that he would never retract what he might at any time have said respecting the committee , but still maintained that it was improperly constituted . He would watch over their proceedings , however , in whatever manner he thought proper . The report consisted of 808 two parts ; the one of debt , the other of loan . With regard to the latter point , the paper he moved for was very essential ; and it was the more necessary to have it at present , since the answer of the hon . president to the question , whether he meant to propose only a liquidation of the debt , or a loan together with that , had been evasive . There was something , however , in what the chancellor of the exchequer had said as to the report not being as yet known to the house ; and on that account he would withdraw his motion , meaning to repeat it if any loan was to be proposed in the interval between the first and second report . said , that he only meant in the first instance to propose a liquidation of the debt . reprobated the language held by Mr. Creevey , that the East India Company were bankrupts ; and contended that while the committee was composed of men perfectly competent to examine into the state of