in the description of the offence , stating whether it was privately or not , in order to contra-distinguish it from robbery , which was the taking of property with violence ; although he thought it was an offence bordering upon it ; as he believed , there were persons much disposed to use force upon such occasions should they meet with any resistance . He therefore thought , it was a felony that ought to be punished with more severity than mere simple larceny , and he should propose , that a punishment somewhat more adequate than that stated in the bill should be substituted ; leaving it at the same time in some degree to the discretion of the Judge , according to the circumstances of the case . His object was to get a punishment somewhat above that of mere larceny , and at the same time below that of a capital offence . He should propose that the highest punishment should be transportation for life , and that the lowest punishment should be 884 transportation for a period not less than 7 years . At the same time , it might be proper for the Judge to have it in his power to make a substitution for transportation , namely , imprisonment in the house of correction , for a period not exceeding three years . The learned gent . then concluded with proposing amendments to the effect he had stated . opposed the principle of making transportation the minimum of punishment for such offences as had been described . There might very justly exist doubts as to the degree of criminality existing on the part of the offender , and certainly there should , be no unnecessary restriction laid on , with respect to the equalization of the punishment to the crime itself . He recited an instance of the extreme severity of the law , in sentencing a poor young woman to transportation , for having , in a sort of jest , stolen one of her companion 's bonnets , and who , after a considerable time passed in captivity , made her escape with some other daring exiles , to the port of Timur , in China , in an open boat , after a passage of several thousand miles , through a most stormy sea , and unparalleled suffering . considered reform necessary for the purpose of bringing the law , as it now stood , to the original principles of its institution . He quoted a passage from Judge Blackstone before alluded to , stating that sir H. Spelman had , above a century before , lamented , that although all things had , since the original foundation of our law , on this head , in the time of the Saxon monarchy , extraordinarily increased in price , yet the life of man was daily growing cheaper , by permitting it to be forfeited for the peculation of the same sum for which it had been forfeited in the reign of the Saxons . It should therefore be the business of the present times to reduce the law to its ancient state ; and if the same punishments were continued , to equalize them to the crime , or in other words , to the value of the goods thus stolen . He felt it his duty to oppose the clause as too novel ; in fact , it was much more so than the bill itself ; though the proposition came from an hon . member who was the more averse to the bill from the consideration of its tendency to innovation . Besides , the clause had come into the house under the most inauspicious circumstances , whilst the bill was in a committee , and without any notice . These circumstances could not escape the attention of the house , nor 885 fail to excite some degree of jealousy on the subject . contended that transportation for limited periods failed often of producing that salutary effect on the morals of the convicts which it was expected this mode of punishment would have had . If the