: `` Be comforted ; relief is near ; `` See , all your friends are in the rear . '' down to the last , who says : — `` Older and abler pass 'd you by ; `` How strong were those , how weak am I ; One might add , with little alteration : — `` Ruin , we own , is just in view ; `` But this is your affair—adieu . '' Such is British justice ; such is British compassion ; and such is the fate of British colonies ! Worn out with lassitude , continued oppression , and repeated disappointments , what other sentiment can remain for them but despair , or , if there be a hope , it must be a hope of separation from what ( if this measure be rejected ) I will not call the mother country ? —Sir ; I trust it will not be rejected ; but that sentiments more worthy the justice , the liberality , and the wisdom of a British house of commons , will prevail . I hope so the more , as I observe that , although this has been artfully cried up as the cause of the landed interest against colonial , and possibly thereby the majority of those representing the former may be hostile to 520 the measure ; yet that many gentlemen of this description are not so , but considering the subject in a more enlarged view , are its warm supporters . That we and they may succeed , is my sincere wish ; for I very much fear , that if this measure for the relief of the colonies shall fail , it will be the last we shall ever have occasion to consider . concurred in the general principle laid down by his right hon . friend the chancellor of the exchequer for Ireland , as to the propriety of not interfering with the com laws , an interference , in general , which could not be productive of any beneficial consequence . But , at the same time , he must allow that there were extreme cases , in which it would be necessary to resort to such interference . The question , therefore , was , whether the present circumstances of this country were such as to constitute a case of that description ? The late crops of barley and oats had been short , but not the crop of wheat . Though there was no danger of scarcity at present , yet they ought to look to the future , and in the event of a short crop this season , they would not be justified in not leaving to the executive government the power of giving to the public consumption that amount of corn which was consumed in the distilleries . He did not agree either with those who supported this as a colonial measure , or with those who defended it on the score of existing or apprehended scarcity , but with a view to the great national interests which it was calculated to promote . said , that with reference to the note produced by his hon . friend who spoke last but one , he could assure him , on his honour , that he never had interfered in it directly cir indirectly . He hoped he was not weak enough , after having seen , on the last night this question was discussed , so many of his friends who had generally voted with him , differ from him upon it , to attempt to make it a party business ; and he assured him on his honour he was not indiscreet enough to give his assent to such a letter . He thought this explanation was warranted , from the confidence placed in him by his colleagues . An hon . gent , had thought proper to find fault with what had fallen from him on a former occasion respecting Ireland ; all he . could say was , that it was justified by the language of the chancellor of the exchequer of Ireland