to be properly only the per-centage on the net revenue.—After some explanation from Mr. Long and Mr. Rose , Mr. Bankes 's motion was agreed to , and a Committee appointed accordingly . urged the propriety of proceeding to the further consideration of the Local Militia bill ; at the same time , he left it entirely to the feelings of the right hon . gent . whether he thought that the business which he had brought forward ought to take the precedence . stated that some of the witnesses , not expecting to be called upon on this evening , had not attended.—The Serjeant at arms having inquired , it was found that no persons were in attendance , and Mr. Tierney having declined to move any new order on the subject , thought that the attendance of those witnesses should be enforced , not so much by way of punishment , as for the sake of example in future . supported the motion . said , that the house had a right to compel the attendance of any witness , and it was for the house to consider whether their absence was wilful or accidental . If it was wilful , the course would be , to order them into custody ; but if it was accidental , it would be for the house to order their attendance on another day . rose and spoke as follows : My lords ; I am now to bring before your lordships the important subject of the Petition which has just been read . I am sincerely sorry if its postponement to a later day than that which I had originally proposed has produced inconvenience to any member of this house , especially to those whose character and functions must give them peculiar interest in this debate , whichever side they may think it their duty to espouse . To their wishes I would gladly have shewn that attention to which they are so well entitled . But , for the sake of the cause entrusted to me , I was bound to consult also the convenience of others whose assistance on such an occasion I could not but be anxious to obtain . I have still , however , to regret the absence of one noble friend of mine ( earl Grey ) , whose eloquence is so well calculated to adorn and to enforce any opinions which he honours with his support . That absence is owing solely to the same domestic circumstance which would before have prevented his attendance . He has particularly requested me to state this fact , and to declare to your lordships his full and complete concurrence in the motion which I am about to offer . A declaration which he was desirous that I should make , in order to obviate the possibility of misrepresentation ; but which was wholly unnecessary to those who know his character . From an agreement with him on any subject I must always derive the greatest plea- 644 sure ; but I have peculiar satisfaction in claiming for this question , in the success of which I have been so long and so deeply interested , the full advantage of his high authority . In other respects the postponement has been extremely advantageous to the discussion of this night . To myself it is a source of unspeakable satisfaction . I know not what may be the feelings of others ; no language can express the difference of my own sensations at the present hour , from those with which , only a few days since , I should have brought this subject forward . I allude to the effects already produced by the recent discussion of this matter in another assembly . From that discussion a dawn of better hope has risen upon the advocates of this great cause ; and we enter on the duty of the present day with the cheering confidence of approaching to complete success . I speak not merely of the brilliant talents , and dignified moderation , with which the question was introduced ; these were anticipated from the person