the hearts or damp the spirits of four millions of people willing to share our danger and our fate , and only wishing in return to partake of the common privileges of Britons . The crisis had been represented as an awful one : it was truly so , perhaps not to be paralleled in the history of the civilized world ; and in the prevalent indifference , the smoothness of our passage , he feared , was owing to the rapidity of our descent ; and at the first fatal shock our fears would be lost in our despair . Therefore he thought we should awake from our lethargy , and apply the remedy before it was too late . An hour should not be lost in acceding to the just , equitable , and unanswerable claims of our Catholic brethren . If it was objected to him , why , such being his sentiments , did he , upon a former occasion , express his regret that the petition had been at the present period introduced ; he was ready to answer , that his regret then arose , not from any disapprobation of the prayer of that petition , but because he thought that at the present period there was not only no hope , but on the other hand , a certainty , that their claims would be rejected : and 674 his regret arose from his dread of the exasperation likely to be produced by such rejection ; for it was not in the nature of man to be disappointed , and not manfully to feel that disappointment . At the same time he was satisfied , that if the Catholics had seen in his majesty 's present government any wish to accommodate , any disposition to conciliate them , they would have waited more patiently ; but from the ill judged policy that had so recently been evinced towards that body , they were compelled to appeal to the constitutional organ for a legitimate object . The late government , of which he had been an humble member , had brought in a bill which , if its object had been literally translated into its title , might have been called a bill to prevent 100,000 of his majesty 's subjects from joining the French . This bill certainly was not meant to embrace any of the great objects had in view by the Catholics : it was rather meant as a peace-offering , as a forerunner of better times ; and might be said to have been sent forth as the dove with the olive-branch , to tell the persecuted catholics that the waters had subsided , and that the rising day would soon restore her original beauties to the face of nature . He was grieved to find that such had been the policy of the present government ; nothing to allay , to sooth , or to reconcile , but every thing to incite and exasperate . Why was this ? At any time , such conduct would have been impolitic ; but , at the present crisis , it was such a union of folly and madness as never had been equalled . When the powers of Europe were wielded against us by one man , the most formidable , and at the same time the most inveterate foe England ever had to cope with , was it immaterial in such a contest , whether the people of Ireland were fired with all their native ardour in our cause , or sunk by our injustice into a listless dejection and a cold-blooded neutrality ? With what face could the noble viscount ask the Irish Catholic to brave every danger , to expose himself to the hazards of battle , for the mere purpose of securing to the Englishman what he refused to share with him ? The noble viscount could not make so selfish a proposal , and if he did , it would be met with merited indignation . The noble earl concluded with conjuring the house to think well of the claim that was made upon their justice