on conceding , until you have satisfied them . The right hon . gent , says , 'that if you grant to the Catholics that which they now ask they will be ready to accept it'—ready to accept it ! they will be ready then to demand it : and upon the same principle they would then be desirous of possessing more in proportion to their service in the state , and they would say that the measure you adopt should comprehend the whole of their claim , and that they were entitled to every thing , because they are the great majority , and on the authority of Dr. Paley , they would have the same foundation in reason and in argument , to say that the whole establishment should be given up to them , as that which they are now asking . You can not satisfy them until you go that length . That is to say , the granting what is now asked , would not satisfy the Catholics , but would operate as 623 a stimulus to greater demands ; it would be giving them an assurance that they are right in what they are now asking , and you would be disposed yourselves immediately to feel that you were acting unjustly , according to your own principles , if you withheld from them that which is the natural consequence of your own doctrine ; and therefore , upon your own principle of tranquillizing Ireland , by concession to the Catholics , if you mean to act wisely by Ireland , and wisely by the whole empire too , you should not attempt to procure your tranquillity by halves , or by short measure , but you should do the whole at once . If you mean to satisfy the Catholics by concession , you should make up your minds to establish the Roman Catholic religion in Ireland , and then you will satisfy the Catholics , but short of that you never can satisfy them by concession : for , upon your own principle , they would be most unwise persons to be satisfied with what you now propose . But let us suppose , for a moment , that they should be satisfied , then it is alledged , that you will have tranquillized Ireland . I am not sure of that . There are , in Ireland , those who are not Catholics . What are we to say to all the Protestant Churchmen ; and to the Protestant Dissenters ? It is said , that the Protestant Dissenters are in favour of this application . We have testimony on the other side of the house to the contrary , and we have now upon your table a Petition to the contrary effect . We have the Common Council of the city of Dublin , and we have the evidence of an hon . member of this house , that we should dissatisfy the Churchmen of Ireland by adopting this measure . There certainly are many in Ireland who do not think well of this measure . As to the Protestant Dissenters of Ireland , we do not know that they are likely to be conciliated by it ; at present we have no complaint from them ; they do not appear to consider much about the progress of the claims of the Roman Catholics.—So much , for the present , for the dispositions of the people of Ireland . But the right hon . gent . would take very short measure indeed of the opinions , the sentiments , the dispositions and the feelings of this part of the united empire , if he supposed , that because there are no petitions against this measure , the people of England are not against it . There is but one county in England in which this subject appears to have been discussed , that is the county of Oxford . 624 There it was expressly determined not to petition ; but for what reason ? —Because they felt it to be unnecessary ; they knew , full well , that the measure