considerable portion of your electors , having political power ; forming a part of the United Kingdom ; and applying to the constitutional organ for a legitimate object . In discussing the merits of the petitioners ' claims , I should recommend to gentlemen to avoid any intemperate language , and to adopt a spirit of concord , that nothing may pass in debate which shall sharpen the public mind . Whatever decision the house may come to , upon the motion which I shall have the honour to propose , for going into 550 a Committee to take the Petitions into consideration , I should hope that the temper with which it will be met , and the manner in which it will be argued , will rather approximate the minds of gentlemen , than remove to a farther distance , the great objects of justice and of policy . With such hope , therefore , I wish gentlemen would apply the balm of oblivion ; that they will not revive those topics which can only serve to irritate and inflame ; that they will not go back to the battle of the Boyne , nor to the business of 1745 , nor indeed to any of those afflicting periods in which , unfortunately for my country , parties contended against each other . If you go back , so will the Catholics ; if you make out a law against them , they will make out a case against you ; then we shall have historian against historian ! men of blood against men of blood ! The consequence will be , that the parties will remain unreconciled and irreconcileable—each the victim of their own prejudices , and the result will convince you that the victory remains only for the enemies of both . In the course of so many years of contest and prejudice , it is impossible not to recollect that much evil must have been engendered , national calamities must have multiplied , and much violence have passed . In the tempests to which Ireland was reduced by the two contending parties—the one fired by bigotry and intoxicated with victory—the other overpowered by misfortunes , and wrung by oppression—I say , it is impossible but that great political evils must have arisen . However , therefore , we may lament those times , we trust all agree , in settling their accounts there was much to admire in both parties , but also we must recollect that there was something to forget . Something has happened since those periods which makes it necessary to do away those religious distinctions . It is now desirable that a spirit of unanimity should prevail . When gentlemen call to mind the state of the war , and the consequent danger which menaces our empire , they must be convinced that unanimity is necessary for our existence as a state . It is this feeling which pervades my mind , and it is a feeling which I most seriously wish to impress upon the mind of this house . A cordiality in co-operation is what I strenuously recommend ; and I do most sincerely hope and trust that the good sense of both nations will supply the defect of national concord . We are now arrived at that period when the cessation 551 of all party rancour , and religious animosity , is not only desirable , but fundamentally necessary . It is a sentiment which not only the Irish Catholic and the Irish Protestant should feel , but should be the guide of both nations in their intercourse with each other . With great concern , therefore , I saw scribbled on the walls of this country , these idle words , `` No Popery . '' What could be the object or the hope of those who encouraged so wicked and abominable a cry , I can not pretend to divine . It could not be for the purpose of promoting unanimity , nor of adding to the national strength . On the contrary , it had this effect , that it held out to the people