India Company . Did they appear to feel much injury ? No . Did they institute any prosecution in consequence ? No . Did they present any memorial on the subject ? No . Did they interfere in any way whatever respecting it ? No . Was it not evident , then , that they were willing to allow a relaxation of the laws in which they alone were interested ? Nor was this surprising : these laws were made at a time when a company was formed in the Austrian Netherlands , which the East India Company feared as a rival . This was at the commencement of the last century . In 1725 , however , that company was suspended , and in 1731 totally abolished . Since that period , it was notorious that British subjects had been engaged in trade in the East Indies . What , in fairness , was to be inferred from the recommendation of the hon . captain , by the government of India , to the court or directors ? Either that the government of India thought that they sustained no injury by the infraction of the law ; or , if any injury had been sustained , that it was counterbalanced by the services rendered to the Company by the hon . captain . The only case at all analogous to that of the Etrnsco , was that of the Walsingham packet , and of the Prince of Wales . In the former , half was given to the captors , and half to the original proprietors ; in the latter , a third was given to the captors , and the remainder to the original proprietors . If the treasury had acted otherwise than they had done to the hon . captain , they would have made his case an exception . What he had received was not a reward for a violation of the law ; it was `` a restitution of a small part of his depreciated property.—Adverting to the continuance of the hon . captain on the continent after the seizure of the Etrusco , of which circumstance such an unfair advantage had been taken by the hon . gent. , he read the letter from the duke of York to lord Spencer , then at the head of the Admiralty , in which his royal highness described the extraordinary exertions of Mr. Popham when with the British army in Holland , and recommended him most strongly to be promoted to the rank of post-captain . He also read the answer of lord Spencer , who informed his royal highness , that he 754 would take the earliest opportunity of complying with his request , and that he should feel the greatest satisfaction in promoting an officer who had deserved so well of his country . The present was a most serious accusation against the treasury board ; against that great man ( Mr. Pitt ) , whose purity of character neither the voice of party nor the breath of calumny itself had ever attempted to sully . It was his pride and satisfaction to reflect that he had been publicly connected in the same administration , and that he had been honoured by the private intimacy of that illustrious character , who in the whole course of his splendid career had been distinguished by the most inflexible integrity , by the highest sense of honour , and by the most perfect devotion to the cause of his country . If the hon . gentlemen on the other side thought crimination and recrimination the best way of employing the time of the house , he could have no objection to it . If not , he could not see the object of the present motion . If they thought to gain a triumph over a former government , now that the right gent . who had been at the head of it was no more , he might regret that their defence had fallen into such weak hands as his , but he must at the same time say , that the triumph was not founded