portion of the respect of the house or the public , he must or ought to have forfeited it by his present conduct . When the world saw that house debating in the manner they had done this night , it was impossible not to think that if the people had energy , the ministers had none . There was a secret influence in the cabinet of this country , which Mr. Pitt would have spurned at , and which any man who had been , as the right hon . gent , pretended to be , in his confidence , and emulated his conduct , must equally have despised . assured the hon gentlemen on the opposite side of the house , that a great majority of those who were in the habit of regularly voting with ministers did not scruple to censure the measure of making doctor Duigenan a privy counsellor in the severest terms . Not only had ministers great power over themselves , but they seemed also to possess complete influence over those of their own party , in preventing them from saying a single word in defence of this most extraordinary proceeding . As for what had fallen from the right hon . secretary for Ireland , the reasons which he had given for this proceeding were not only wholly unsatisfactory , but he did not believe them to be the true reasons . But though he had no hope of extracting any explanation or defence of the act `` from his majesty 's confidential ministers , he assured them that if by persisting in their silence , they believed they would persuade the country , that this silence arose from any other cause than a total inability to vin- 155 dicate their conduct to the house and the public , they were very much mistaken . seing that the right hon . gentlemen sat still completely spell-bound , professed to entertain very little hope of rousing them from the state of silence and stupor into which they had fallen . The feelings which this silence excited , were in the first instance those of indignation ; but these had already subsided into compassion , and he was afraid that they would terminate in ridicule and laughter . Never , since the Speaker sat in the chair of the house , was there an example of such conduct in the official servants of the crown . If , however , they were insensible to what they owed , both to their public duty , and to their private characters , he implored them to have pity on those from whom on this evening they expected support , and to assign some reasons for the vote which they expected them to give . It must be implicit confidence indeed , which was given , when those who looked for it , would not even deign to ask it . What must be the religion , where a monkey is the god ? Would nothing , he asked , operate upon the right hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Canning ) who was such an advocate for boldness and openness of proceeding ? or was the whole burthen of debate on that side of the house to be left to the gallant general ( sir A. Wellesley ) and the hon . gent , under the gallery ( Mr. Beresford ) ? The former had stepped forward with much zeal and intrepidity ; and in such a task , courage was certainly wanting , for never before , he firmly believed , had that gallant officer volunteered on such a forlorn hope . The amount of his defence was , that the appointment was not of material importance , and , as far as related to doctor Duigenan personally , no danger was to be apprehended from it , because he was to be tethered down in the council , and only to be let out on ecclesiastical questions . The other hon . gent , chose a different line of argument ; he gave up both the cause and the doctor ; contending that the