touched upon by other gentlemen in the course of the debate , which rendered it impossible for him to pass them over without observation . Undoubtedly , a difference of opinion might exist as to the propriety of bringing forward the motion ; but of this he was convinced , that in the view which the right hon . gent , had taken of the subject , no mischief could possibly arise from the discussion . He did not press any proposition upon his majesty 's ministers which required any improper disclosure . It had been brought forward by a right hon . gent. , who , on all occasions of difficulty , in every crisis of the country , waving all political hostility , had uniformly come forward in support of the country . The hon . gentlemen opposite were , unquestionably , not pledged by the sentiments expressed by that right hon . gent , to a general support of government . It was not an irrational pledge of that description to which his right hon . friend had adverted , and , if the gentlemen on the other side were not disposed to concur in the feelings and sentiments of that right hon . gent. , if they felt not a disposition to assist the Spanish nation on this opening for resistance to the tyranny of France , they certainly were at liberty to pursue what cause they might deem most expedient . But on this , as on every former occasion , they seemed in language to have disowned the right hon . gent , who had from such laudable motives brought forward this question . The house and the country would not fail to contrast the tone of that right hon . gent . 's speech with the chilling language of the hon . gentlemen on the bench with him.—He had to regret the course of the observations pursued by the right hon . 896 gent , who spoke last in the latter part of his speech , in bringing forward some topics between the two nations , at a time when the co-operation of both was necessary for the salvation of the world . It was not a course which any true patriotism would recommend at such a time , to remind that nation that England was the power to oppress it by the plunder of its frigates , and this , too , when the object of the right hon . gent , was to disclaim any pledge to support the contest . Then , again , the right hon . gent , had adverted to all the topics of the last fifteen years , and certainly it was not with a good grace that such condemnation came from that right hon . gent. , who had been so long during that period in office . But no gentleman was more ready to condemn any principle , which he might have once entertained ; and it appeared that he was always in opposition to all the governments of which he had been a member , though he generally remained in office to the last . Surely , when the right hon . gent , stated , that no British objects were to be prosecuted in this contests he could not mean to contend that objects of British interest , which might not be connected with Spanish objects , should not be attended to ; at any rate , it was not for that right hon . gent , to maintain such a doctrine ; he who had sent out a force to Alexandria , who had diverted a considerable part of the forces of the empire to Buenos Ayres , and who had even dispatched an expedition to the other side of South America , for the purpose of supporting the cause of Europe by an attack upon the back of Spanish America . It was rather strange that the right hon . gent , should be so fond of returning to the charge of ship-stealing , when he had himself sent a fleet to Constantinople , not to support the Russians ,