at issue , therefore , was relative to the rate of interest and the mode of transmitting payment of the debt due by the public to India . As to this , he had no doubt of the charge made by the Company being perfectly fair and reasonable , and that if their accounts had been submitted to a master in chancery , the amount of their claim upon the public would have been nearly four millions , instead of the sum at which it had been charged in the Report . He could not really see any just grounds for objecting to the liquidation of the debt as now-charged , as it was strictly due by the public . If the noble lord was determined to persist in objecting to any part of that debt , he should at least allow , even in his amendment , that which he might look upon as unobjectionable . stated , that the principle upon which he had proposed a grant of five pounds , was merely for form sake , as he objected to the voting of any sum whatever upon the Report in its present imperfect state . He did not object to the paying of Indian interest so much as he did to the expence which was charged for carrying out bullion to India . said , he most heartily concurred in the Resolution , as it appeared to him it was fair and reasonable the Company should receive payment of the money in the same place , and in the same manner , in which it had been borrowed . The public must be paying interest for that money , until such time as it was sent out to India , and therefore he thought there could be no question as to who should bear the loss . Mr. Wilberforce and lord Morpeth severally stated their sentiments in favour of the original resolution , and lord Folkestone 's amendment was negatived without a division . The original resolution was then put and agreed to . desired some explanation as to the lateness of the time at which this treaty was laid before the house ; and how this sum came to be paid so long by government without any former communication to parliament . Policy required , that when we gave away such large sums we should know wherefore . He also observed , that returns ought to have been laid before the house , of the proper application of this money . He observed in the treaty that a particular number of men was mentioned , as that which it would be necessary to provide for its defence . He did not approve of this . It was certainly enough for us to say that we would defend it , leaving the number to our discretion . entered into a detail of the circumstances by which Naples had been drawn into the war with France , and stated that it had been done by a Russian commander who had landed troops there . But the king of Naples being drawn into the war , G. Britain was bound by every consideration to assist him in his defence . The engagement to pay 25,000l . a month , or 300,000l . a year , had been entered into by the government 862 before the late one , and part of the money had been paid . In 1806 , when the change took place , the Sicilian ambassador applied to the ministers , and it was resolved that a regular agreement should be drawn up , but , in the mean time , the payments were made . The regular engagement was not drawn up till the close of that administration . The instrument arrived here in July or August last ; but from some mistake of Mr. Drummond , there was an article in it to which we could not agree . It was therefore necessary to send it back , and he hoped it would appear that they had laid it before the house as soon as possible . With regard to the returns mentioned by