of them in detail , meaning to rest the expediency of his motion on what must be obvious to every impartial man in or out of this house ; namely , the impossibility of one Proctor executing the duties allotted to him : he had never been able to collect any substantial objection to the appointment by his majesty of three or more learned and discreet Proctors to officiate as King 's Proctors in the said courts . With this view of the subject he should take the liberty of moving the Resolution and Address as before recited . felt it necessary to oppose the Resolutions , as injurious to the interests of the nation , and of the navy itself . If the hon . officer felt so strong an impression upon the subject , it was rather matter of surprise that he had not persuaded any one of the various boards of admiralty , which had existed since he had first mentioned this subject , to think with him . And , certainly , there had been amongst those boards , some with which the hon . officer had some influence . It was to the executive or to the board of admiralty that any application should be made , and not by address from this house . The right hon . gent . then entered into a detailed statement , to shew that it was the interest of the navy itself , that the king 's proctor should be employed on their behalf . Numberless complaints had within the last four years been made against privateers , and the reason was , that the owner of the privateer was his own dominus litis , and at liberty to conduct his business , so that many vexatious proceedings were the consequence . It was desirable that the king 's proctor should be independant of the navy agents . As to the statement of the number of causes , that could not be a ground for the motion , unless the hon . officer had shewn that those causes had been neglected . The king 's proctor would have as much assistance as he want- 873 ed , and if more proctors were to be appointed , the reasons of the case would apply with more force to the king 's advocate , who was obliged to discharge all his duties personally . The fact was , however , that the business was regularly and diligently attended to , and as no case had been made out , he was confident the house would not agree with the motion of the hon . officer . The king 's proctor , when appointed , had given up ail private practice , and , if his present emoluments were to be divided amongst others , how was he to be indemnified ? His former clients would not come back to him , and he did not think the hon . officer would be of opinion that the king 's proctor should be allowed to act for parties as well as for the captors . After shewing by reference to the original prize act , and to several subsequent public documents , that the employment of the king 's proctor for the captors was consonant to ancient practice , he concluded by declaring , that he should give his negative to the motion , as injurious to the interests of the navy , and interfering with the prerogative of the crown . supported the motion . Neither the prerogative of the crown , nor the interests of the nation , would be at all injured by the appointment of more than one proctor , for all the proceedings would be as much under the eye of government as before . The proctor considered himself as totally independant of the captors . It would be much better for the navy that they should be enabled to choose a proctor who would be responsible to themselves . He stated various inconveniences that resulted to the captors from the present mode of proceeding , and said , that the navy felt the utmost anxiety for