, and , in a plentiful year , it was in his opinion more . It was but four or five years ago the price of barley was in Norfolk and Suffolk as low as 20s . per quarter , and the average of the kingdom 23s . or 24s . Even the circumstances of the present moment afforded evidence of this opinion , inasmuch as there was a sufficiency to carry us through upon three-fourths of a crop , and a total failure of peas and 869 beans , to supply the places of which in the feeding of hogs , & c. a considerable quantity of barley must have been used . To estimate the effect upon the price of the article by the loss of the distillery markets , these circumstances then must not be forgotten , the effect was not to be considered by the measure of quantity used in the distilleries , it was the withdrawing any demand from a market sufficiently supplied that would so affect the price , and which it was well known would sink it very far indeed beyond the ratio or amount of such demand withdrawn . There was another circumstance also that would operate upon the price , and that was the loss of the competition excited by the appearance of the distiller in the corn market.—Upon the whole , he was satisfied the measure , however limited , would have a very injurious effect upon the agriculture of the country , and would discourage to a great degree the spirit of improvement and of enterprise in the cultivation of the soil . It was possible that the class of farmers who do not look beyond the moment would not be influenced in their conduct till they experienced the effects , but every man of information and reflection who was about to embark a considerable capital in the cultivation of lands hitherto waste and unproductive , or who was about to carry into effect expensive improvements upon lands already in tillage , must inevitably feel the most serious alarm from such an unprecedented and unnecessary interference with the markets for the produce of agriculture . Every merchant and manufacturer knows and dreads the effects of any interruption or restriction of the market for his commodities , be they what they may , and it must be as sensibly or even more sensibly felt by the agriculturist than any other persons . The return of capital employed in the cultivation of lands was slower and the profits less than that employed in any other way , and upon that account as well as others , required a steadier market , and more perfect security to induce the direction of it to that object . These considerations , as well as many others , had convinced him that the proposed measure would be productive of incalculable mischief , and he had heard no arguments stated in the course of its progress through the house that had at all shaken his original opinion ; indeed , scarcely any that appeared to bear upon the subject . He should therefore give his most decided negative to the third reading of the bill . rose in pursuance of the notice which he had given , to call the attention of the house and the country to the mode of conducting the business of the Navy in the High Court of Admiralty . It was a subject which he had considered of the first importance to his majesty 's naval service , and on which he had more than once endeavoured to express his sentiments to the house , and to urge and pray for amendment ; but , he was sorry to say , the influence which the right hon . and hon . members connected with that court possessed , had hitherto effectually prevented the alteration required : this was not to deter him from exerting his utmost to correct evils which were notorious , and which must continue to exist whilst the court was conducted as at present.—It was his intention to move two Resolutions , the one purporting that the duties