sir John Throgmorton ( a moderate catholic ) , in which their wish to insinuate a catholic establishment was sufficiently indicated . If , therefore , the legislature of Great Britain were to surrender to the catholics the barrier in question , that surrender would lead to the destruction of the present ecclesiastical establishment in Ireland . The next question to be discussed was the probability , should the prayer of the petition be complied with , that such compliance 690 would benefit the Irish people at large . No one could more lament the disturbances that had recently occurred in the sister kingdom ; but , on a close examination , he found that these disturbances had not originated in any political or religious cause . They chiefly arose from a demand made by the catholic priests for an increase of their dues , and from other local grievances , which , although they were severely felt , were still but local . If he was well-founded in this statement , what became of the noble baron 's assertion , that a compliance with the petition would allay the general discontent of the Irish ? No man could deny-that it was desirable to allay that discontent ; but he would positively deny that the measure proposed was calculated to do so ; on the contrary , he was convinced , that by inciting to new demands , demands which could not be complied with , we should give birth to new causes of discontent . The noble baron had dwelt on the necessity of compliance on account of the great danger to which the country was exposed in the present state of the world . The country certainly was in great danger ; but in former periods it had also been in great danger ( though perhaps not in such great danger as at this moment , yet in danger so great that the government would not have been justified had they not resorted to every means of defence within their power ) , yet the government at those periods never sought for assistance by surrendering the barriers of the constitution . In the beginning of the reign of king William , the country was exposed to a great foreign force ; the French fleet disputed with the British the dominion of the seas ; Ireland was in a most disturbed state ; in England there existed a strong party attached to the exiled family . But , amidst all these dangers , did the government think of surrendering the barriers of the constitution ? No ; they felt that the security of the country depended upon the constitution , and that the security of the constitution depended upon the protestant establishment . By uniting these firmly together , they were enabled successfully to battle with the enemies by whom they were surrounded . In declaring his conviction that the mass of the people of Ireland would not be benefited by the concession which it was proposed to make to them , he was supported by very high authority . Arthur O'Connor , Messrs. M'Nevin and Emmett , had distinctly stated , that they would not . But it was to-him 691 most obvious , that those who , under a protestant establishment , were allowed to make and to administer the laws , ought to submit to some test of their determination inviolably to maintain that establishment . did not think it necessary to enter into a discussion of the various polemical points which had been brought forward in the course of the debate . The question for parliament to consider was , what was the state of Ireland , and what the remedy proper to be applied to it in the present exigency ? If the good will of four millions of the people was necessary to the safety of Ireland , if Ireland was necessary to the safety of the empire , this measure ought to be acceded to . With the danger of the present day he contended that no preceding period could fairly be compared . The reign of William III . which had