the question now to be considered was a mere question of treaty , and he was prepared to argue , that in the treaty made with the Arcot government , there were stipulations which prohibited the nabob of Arcot from holding any correspondence whatever with any native power , unless the consent of the British government was previously obtained . He suspected that the learned gent , was not able to make a connected defence for the princes of the Carnatic , in consequence of his having taken up the question in this manner , and of his having , at the end of his speech , entered into a dramatic declamation on the interval between the imprisonment and the death of princes . This allusion could not have applied to the question ; and therefore in making it , the learned gent , could only have been wasting his 930 strength . He contended that it was not the duty of marquis Wellesley to rest the safety of the British dominions in India , on any rule of proceeding which might be laid down in parliament , but on the general principles of policy and jurisprudence . The learned hart , had argued that the grounds on which the removal of the family of Arcot had taken place , were contrary to the rules of evidence ; but he did not consider that it was not a question between one subject and another , or between a sovereign and a subject , but that we were trying a question with a sovereign prince , with a co-estate . Lord Wellesley , therefore , could only act on the principles of the laws of nations ; on those principles , according to which a declaration of war would be justified . When the public safety required any particular mode of proceeding , it was not necessary to have such evidence as would be required in a court of justice . When during a period of profound peace , Sebastiani had been sent by Buonaparte to Egypt to shake the foundation of all our political and commercial relations in that part of the world , did the house of commons , at the time the question of war came to be discussed , require any more evidence of that fact than public rumour ? They merely went on the question of fair presumption , in judging as to what were the views of the enemy . When a treasonable correspondence was carried on between certain persons in Ireland , and other persons at Paris , it did not require the strict rules of evidence to detect it . Now , what were the circumstances that came out in evidence at Madras ? Would the learned gent , say , that no documents but those on the table had been found at Seringapatam ? The princes of the Carnatic did acknowledge , that they carried on a correspondence with the government of Mysore , and he wished gentlemen to see what was the nature of this correspondence , and how far it was a breach of the treaty that existed between the British government and the nabob . The first period at which the correspondence took place , was in the year 1793 . Whatever the nature of the correspondence might be , it must , however , be allowed , that the same having been carried on at the time of the treaty made by lord Cornwallis , it was amply sufficient to justify the jealousy of our government ; and marquis Wellesley would have acted a strange confiding part , highly detrimental to our interests , if , after the discovery of such correspondence , he 931 had left the government of the Carnatic where he found it . Here the noble lord referred to the several letters written by the nabob to the prince of Mysore ; and said he should prove that the nabob of the Carnatic knew these letters were in direct violation of the treaty . They were not letters of mere compliment , but they were communications of political importance , which he knew he