Creevey ) , that there should be no remuneration without reference to labour . He objected strongly to the increase of the influence of the bishops , and wished that livings , both in the hands of lay impropriators as well as others , should be placed on a better foundation . He perfectly absolved the mis- 836 sionaries in India from the crime imputed to them , and thought the evils there had originated in the misconduct of those higher in rank and station . opposed the passing of this bill into a law . The grand objection he had to it was , that it gave the most improper influence to the bishops , who were altogether dependent on the crown , and who would not fail to extend the interests of the crown , through the medium of the regular clergy , among the population of the island . This was an evil of the greatest magnitude . The objection made by his hon . friend , he thought related not to dissenters in name , but applied to such as outwardly professed the established church , but dissented from the true spirit of the 39 Articles , and were enemies in principle to the established church . The more residents , he believed , the less would be the number of sectaries ; but from the peculiar frame of this bill , he should propose that the house should go into a committee on it , though he should vote against its passing into a law . thought the present an instance of legislative interference uncalled for . It suggested no remedy for the evil it pointed out . No one parish had preferred a complaint . It had been urged , that it was necessary to increase the salaries of residents , yet no proof had been exhibited of this necessity . The ground on which the bill stood was absolutely fanciful and whimsical ; it went on a supposition of a necessity which , it appeared , did not exist . It seemed the right hon . mover had affixed the idea of respectability among the clergy to the sort of clothes they should wear , or the hospitality of their household . Poverty had hitherto been the badge and honour of our religion ; but opinions had changed , and it was not now necessary alone that the clergy should be respectable , but they must also be rich . The catholic religion had one established principle in it , which had done much for its security and protection from encroachment . Though the higher orders of their clergy might be possessed of wealth , the regular and officiating clergy had all the influence over the lower order of the community , which a similarity of life and equality of income must ever give them under any system of religious government . It was not the wealthy compeer of the squire who would be found to possess the most influence . Increase of salary would fail to make them 837 more respectable . He had yet move serious constitutional grounds of objection ; — the system of undue influence given by this bill over so great a number of clerical freeholders and voters at elections . If it should be necessary to increase their salaries , art act should follow to disable them from voting , as had been done with respect to others , in less danger of being influenced . The true cause of the grievance now existing was , the neglect of the bishops in permitting persons to take holy orders who were not proper for the situation . These were then left without either livings or income , and the evils now complained of were the consequence . After such an abuse of their power , was it right to give them more ? Had they known the state of the clerical establishment , and the number of their clergy , they could not have fallen into the error , and thus have contributed to the disgrace of the clerical function . Perhaps it would be said , the