and where the debt , exclusive of costs , did not exceed 20l . In such cases upon application to any of the superior courts at Westminster , the party might be discharged , but with a provision that his goods and effects should be liable to execution in the same manner as if the plaintiff had not taken in execution the body of the defendant . It might , perhaps , be asked why this power of discharge was not given , as in other cases , to the judges at their chambers ? But there had been found in various instances so many openings for fraud with respect to applications to judges at chambers , that it was thought better to confine the application to the court . He had not brought in the bill without consulting with others of great legal knowledge , who entirely approved of its provisions . If it was asked , why not extend the provisions to larger sums ? He answered , that this was an expedient which , if it was Found to be beneficial , might afterwards be extended ; but he could not consent , in the first instance , to run the risk of affecting public credit by 100 extending provisions of this nature too far . He hoped that as it stood , it would , if carried into effect , afford some relief to persons imprisoned for small debts , without having any injurious effect upon commercial credit . The bill did not extend to Scotland or Ireland , as he did not wish to complicate the measure ; but the provisions might be afterwards extended.—The bill was read a first time . in rising to move the order of the day for the second reading of the Local Militia bill , thought it might be for the convenience of the house , and tend to save time , that he should take that opportunity of apprizing gentlemen of a few alterations which he meant to propose in the committee upon the bill . The alterations he had in view bore so directly and so much upon the general principle of the bill , that he was inclined to suppose they would , when explained , narrow considerably the limits of any discussion upon that head . The first alteration which he meant to propose , he adopted in consequence of its having been thought desirable that the measure under consideration should contain a proviso for the exemption from its operation of persons who had actually served in the militia , either personally or by substitute , or who had incurred any penalties in consequence of the militia acts . In framing his bill , he had followed the principle of the Training bill of the right hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Windham ) , which looked to personal service , and extended to all not actually serving in some other force . It was thought , however , desirable to allow persons of the description to which he had alluded , an immunity equivalent to that which they enjoyed under the militia laws , and for that purpose a certain number of years was fixed upon as the period of exemption , rather than an indefinite time.—The next point upon which he proposed an alteration was , to enable Volunteer corps that might be disposed to serve as local militia rather than as volunteers , to change the nature of their service : and on this head it was to be expressly provided , that no decision of a majority of any corps should bind those , either officers or men , who might be indisposed to the change of service , to serve in the local militia contrary to their own wish . The clause he had to propose , 101 therefore , would provide for allowing the officers of such volunteer corps to hold Commissions in the local militia , and enable his majesty to dispense with the qualifications in such officers required by the militia laws , and by this bill . It was also to provide for the transfer