down by a Resolution , it would be better to appoint a Committee , further to inquire into the efficacy of the discovery . said that in foreign countries there was a firm and decided opinion of the efficacy of Vaccination as a preventive of the small-pox ; and he did not think that the instances of alleged failure in this country were sufficient to shake our confidence in it . But if any 844 doubts were entertained , he did not see that there could be any better method of solving them than by forming an Institution of the nature of that proposed by his right hon . friend , to whose investigation every case of failure in future would be submitted . explained . His object was merely to bring the house to a Resolution such as he had proposed , and to communicate that Resolution to his majesty by address , in order to his giving such directions as would be suitable to the case . declared , that though he considered the discovery to be of the very greatest importance , he could not figure any circumstances whatever that could induce him to follow up the most favourable report of its infallibility which might be brought forward , with any measure of a compulsory nature . said , that since he gave notice of his intention of submitting to the house a motion respecting the collection of Tythes in Ireland , he had had an opportunity of learning , from the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , that this subject had been for some time under the consideration of his majesty 's ministers , and that it still was so , with a view of bringing forward some measure for remedying the evils complained of , if it should appear to them that any measure could be devised for this purpose . Under these circumstances , he conceived he should best consult the interests of those who desired an alteration in the present system of tythes , if he postponed his motion for the present . He would , therefore , do so ; wishing it , however , to be distinctly understood , that if his majesty 's ministers did not bring forward some measure early in the next session he would then submit to the house the same motion which he had proposed to submit to it on Monday next . disapproved of the hon . gent . 's withdrawing his motion ; and gave notice , that , on Thursday , he should move for the appointment of a Committee to inquire into the state of the Tythes in the county of Kerry . then moved , that his majesty 's most gracious Message be referred to the Committee of Supply . He took this opportunity of stating , that though this Treaty was now for the first time brought forward , it was no new transaction , but one which the present ministry had found to have been in the contemplation of their predecessors , and that in the year 1805 it had been intended to conclude a treaty with the king of Sicily , by which a subsidy of 300,000l . per annum was to have been granted to that monarch . The events which occurred towards the end of that year , however , were sufficient to account for nothing being then done to bring the treaty to a completion . In the beginning of the following year , things continued in a similar state . In the autumn . Mr. Drummond had been sent for the purpose of adjusting the business , but on the return of the treaty , it was found to contain stipulations to which his majesty had been advised not to assent ; and it was but lately that the business had been finally arranged . He had thought it necessary to say thus much , that the house might see that this was not a new measure . gave notice , that he would on Monday next put certain questions to his majesty 's ministers relative to the nature of the