was the person to see that they were properly victualled , and regularly relieved , and he corresponded for that purpose with the port admiral at Portsmouth and Plymouth . Every page of the papers shewed that lord Gardner had acted in that manner . It might happen , however , that this plan of blockade , during a naval campaign , might , under the pressure of more important objects , be altogether suspended . At the time to which the papers referred , the expedition to Copenhagen , and the return of the fleet and the prizes , had occupied much of the attention of the Admiralty . Squadrons were also provided to blockade the Tagus , and to convey the Royal Family of Portugal to the Brazils . Another squadron was also assembled at Spithead , of sufficient force to meet the Russian fleet then expected to come up the Channel . He called upon the gentlemen opposite , who were disposed to be fair , to give credit to the letter of sir Rd . Strachan , declaring his approbation of the attention of the Admiralty to his squadron . It appeared by the papers , that , in November , the squadron had ten weeks provisions on board , and that 18 days after , ten transports , one of which was immediately driven back , and only four of which were able to reach their destination , had been sent out with 700 ton of water to the squadron . The large ship was sent out with a temporary supply only , and he admitted that the Admiralty was answerable for every thing up to 21st of December , at which date the squadron had six weeks water , six weeks and four days bread , and eight or nine weeks beef , pork , and wine . It might be a question why the Mediator had not sailed till the 6th of Jan. ; but he shewed from the letters from admiral Young , that the weather alone prevented her sailing , and he was confident the hon . gent . would not question the authority of that , gallant officer . He denied most positively , and challenged any gentleman to prove , that sir Rd . Strachan had for a single moment , left his station . The hon . bart . had fallen into an error , when he asserted , that the Admiralty was blamable for not sending out the supplies earlier . They could not contend with the elements , and it appeared from the papers , that the state of the weather was such , that from the 3d of Dec. to the 28th of Jan. during a period of 55 days , as not to allow the vessels to sail . Was the Admiralty to blame for that ? As well might they be blamed for a vessel 's foundering at sea , as the Admiralty of the day be blamed for the unfortunate loss of the Royal George . He should not trespass longer upon the attention of the house , though he had felt it not unnecessary to add these general observations to the able and impregnable arguments of his hon . friend . Philip II . of Spain , the greatest tyrant the annals of history exhibited , on hearing of the fate of his Armada , exclaimed , 'Thank God it is no worse ! ' That consideration which a tyrant manifested for the interposition of the elements , the Admiralty had a right to expect from a British senate . observed , that the Resolution went to say that sir R. Strachan 's squadron was not supplied with provisions , and that was proved by the documents on the table , beyond a question . It had been said , that sir Richard had never left his station on account of the want of provisions . A letter from him , dated the 21st of Nov. , says , 'The wind having veered to the Northward , he stretched out to sea to try to meet some of the transports that