it was apprehended that the Scotch judges would be anxious to retire and enjoy the profit of a pension without the trouble of the office . This was saying , it was and was not a sinecure ; either must be given up : it must be admitted , either that , if it is a sinecure there would not be such inducement to retire , or that it is not a sinecure , and therefore worthy of a future compensation , when the judge retires through old age or infirmity.—The committee then divided on the amendment , Ayes 41 ; Noes 84 : Majority against the amendment 43. rose to move for leave to bring in a bill to revive and continue the powers of the Commissioners of Military Inquiry . He hoped there would be no objection to pass this bill through all its stages as speedily as possible . A bill for this purpose had already passed both houses of parliament in this session , but by some accident , it had been omitted in the commission which had passed the great seal for giving the royal assent to bills agreed upon by both houses . In consequence of this omission , the powers of the commissioners had expired yesterday , and it became necessary to have this bill revived , to continue them . thought it right to make some observations on this case . It was contrary to the constitution that bills agreed upon by both houses should lie in the other house without being noticed , when a commission from the great seal came down to give the royal assent to bills so agreed upon . There being no reason to suppose that the present case happened otherwise than by mere accident , the present motion might be sufficient . After some conversation , in which Mr. Ponsonby suggested the propriety of a special entry on the Journals , the Speaker stated there was no parliamentary knowledge of the facts to ascertain which , so 803 as to warrant a special entry , a formal inquiry should be made in the house of lords : but that no irregularity would be seen on the Journals of this house by proceeding without a special entry , as this case would appear to be the same as that of a temporary bill to continue another , which otherwise would have expired before the continuing bill could receive the royal assent.—Leave was accordingly given to bring in the bill , which was passed through its first and second reading , committed , reported , and ordered to be read a third time tomorrow . presented a Petition from the managers of the London Vaccine Institution , stating the effects of their care and the exertions used under their direction , in spreading Vaccine Inoculation . The petitioners prayed public aid , the institution having been hitherto supported only by voluntary contributions . Before the Petition was read , rose and observed with considerable warmth , that a grosser forgery had never been submitted to that house . interrupted the hon . member , and reminded him that the Petition had not been yet read , and that when it was , the house would be better enabled to judge of the nature of its contents . Mr. Fuller resumed his seat amidst considerable laughter . The Petition was then read , and sir T. Turton moved , that it do lie on the table , when again rose and apologized for his abrupt manner of rising before . He said that this business was a gross cheat ; a palpable trick to swindle the public ; or , if it was not absolute swindling , it went very near the wind . When they came to solicit his subscription , he thought they were at the head of some respectable corporation , but what did they turn out to be ? A parcel of Quakers or Presbyterians , or whatever they were called . They had got at first five guineas from him ; but the moment he detected them , he threatened them with a Bow-street