wise and just , and he had materially contributed to some of them ; but he had always considered the concessions of 1793 as going beyond the line of prudence ; and to the effect of those concessions he attributed the embarrassing anomaly in which Ireland was now placed , with reference to the other parts 693 of the united kingdom . The petition now under discussion demanded every thing that had been reserved in 1793 ; and , in short , a lull participation of the official , judicial , and legislative powers of the empire . He could not bring himself to accede to such a claim . He thought it right to resist the theoretical solecism of a protestant king and papist councils , and to maintain the predominance of that mild and reformed religion , which by its principles was incorporated with the system and security of the British constitution . This opinion had been sanctioned by the wisdom of our ancestors in all the measures which immediately preceded and accompanied the Revolution of 1688 . The same doctrine had been recognized in the union with Scotland , and through the whole of the eighteenth century , and finally in the fifth article of the union with Ireland . If then it were clear ( as he contended ) that what is now asked is not a claim of right but matter of indulgence , the decision must rest on expediency ; and he could not hesitate to say , that he was not prepared to break down the remaining barriers , under the protection of which we have risen to a state of prosperity , freedom , and pre-eminence , which distinguishes us among the nations of the world , and has made us what we are . Nor did he think it necessary to argue how far the catholics , if they should attain what they now asked , might be disposed to look forwards to the attainment of an acknowledged church establishment , and to the withholding of all support to the exercise of the protestant reformed religion . Under these impressions , he was not disposed to go into a committee on the petition , because he remained in the persuasion that every thing had been done which could reasonably be asked or granted . Nor did he feel himself called upon to say whether under any supposable circumstances , it might not become expedient to give what their lordships would now refuse . From the past conduct of parliament he had the fullest confidence in their wisdom , temper , firmness , and consistency ; and greatly would it have been to the credit of many of his countrymen , and of several corporations , if , in the last year , they had preserved the same dignified and conciliatory moderation , of which their parliament had set so eminent an example . But instead of trusting to those on whom it became them to rely , they had converted this great national question into a senseless electioneering cry and cla- 694 mour : and had done every thing in their power to endanger the whole question , by giving to it a temporary and personal character , under a pretext of exaggerated loyalty and ill-founded alarm ; With respect to the mover and supporters of the present question , he gave every credit for the full purity of their motives ; he knew them to be as far removed as he could be from any indifference concerning what is called the establishment in church and state ; nothing had occurred to lessen his friendship for them , or to shake his attachment to them . But he happened to differ from them on a point in which it is impossible to have any complaisance or compromise , and in which the weight of authority can not be placed against the weight of self-conviction . vindicated the character and conduct of the Roman Catholics of Ireland and Great Britain from the aspersions thrown upon them by their enemies , and gave his hearty support to the motion . made a short