2nd time on the 16th of May , and the lords to be summoned . acquainted the house , that he held in his hands a Petition from the lord mayor , aldermen , and corporation of the city of Dublin , praying that house not to acquiesce in the prayer of the Petition presented by the Roman Catholics of Ireland . His royal highness stated , that he had had this Petition for some time in his possession , and was then induced to present it , in consequence of the notice of an intended motion given on this subject last night . declared , that had he been in the house at the time when the Catholic Petition was presented , he should have taken the opportunity of expressing the strong and sincere regret he felt at pressing such a subject again into public discussion . After its recent discussion , a discussion the most serious and conclusive that ever took place in the history of parliament , it was the declared sense of their lordships , by a great majority , not to acquiesce in the prayer of the petitioners ; he could not but regret , that the same subject was again so precipitately pressed , before the attention of parliament . never could accede to the validity of such a position , that because , in former sessions of parliament , that house had come to a decision adverse to the views of a certain description of the king 's subjects , therefore , that it operated as a bar to their future hopes and petitions . But what were the circumstances which particularly marked this case ? It was true , that the house did not accede to the prayer of the former Petition , neither did it reject it altogether ; the motion was set aside by the carrying of the previous question ; and it must be in the recollection of his noble friend , and of the other noble lords who heard him , that many of those who then voted for the previous question , expressed themselves alone hostile to the time in which that Petition was presented . It surely might be presumed , that those objections were removed , and that circumstances had since occurred to render it advisable for that body of people to submit their case to the legislature . intimated to his noble friend , that he was under an error in supposing that the motion founded on the former Petition of the Irish Catholics was overruled by the adoption of the previous question . The fact he believed to be , that the motion for sending that Petition to a committee was rejected by a very considerable majority of their lordships.—The Petition was then read , and ordered to lie on the table . said he could not suffer it to pass its first stage without making some observations upon its general merits . Highly as he respected public opinion , and desirous as he was of always exhibiting a willingness to accede to its judgment , he still did not see any ground to change the opinion he had on a former occasion given upon this subject . It had been totally misunderstood by the public , and he was one of those who could see no danger from giving to the executive government that laudable influence , which in the end provided for the concerns of the public . He was ready to admit , that when the right of granting reversions was vested in the crown , it was an abuse , but ftill it was to be recollected , that the practice had existed for 300 years , and had the sanction of ancient usage . If , indeed , any corrupt grant of this nature had been made , or if there were others which stood in the way of a salu- 32 tary and wholesome regulation , the existence of such circumstances constituted a just ground for their particular modification . The whole tenor of his majesty 's reign proved , that in his beneficent mind there predominated