, after all , the inference could be made good ; which by a strict construction of particular phrases , and by the aid of rules of interpretation not professing to give always the true sense of the instrument , though useful possibly to be observed upon the whole , would establish a conclusion , obviously repugnant to the intentions of the parties , and to the real and substantial equity of the case ? Is it thus that the legislature of a great country would wish to deal with an individual , at the very moment when the country was enjoying to the full extent the benefit of his invention , and with no intention to give back any portion of it , though they were denying to him the proportionate advantage which they had before agreed to , and which they would be willing to repeat , were his invention still to be purchased and could be obtained upon no other terms ? —I will not go again into the examination of the letters to Bonnor , which , one might be sure , would be again brought up ; nor consider how far those letters , culpable and indefensible as they were , might admit of some excuse . It is sufficient to say , that they are nothing to the present purpose : that though they are sufficient , and more than sufficient , to set aside the appointment , to justify and to demand the revocation of the salary and of the office , they did not touch the allowance which had been given in the form of a percentage , and as the price of the Plan that had been commu- 293 nicated . This price is what Mr. Palmer claims , and this is what he has still , as he had formerly , a full right to.—The censure passed by the hon . gent . near me ( Mr. Bankes ) on the conduct of the chancellor of the exchequer , does not require to be adverted to as affecting the merits of the case , which it can in no degree vary : as a matter of general doctrine , I can by no means bring myself to assent to it , seeing that the direct effect must be to place in the arbitrium of the chancellor of the exchequer , what ought to be submitted to the judgment of the house . The cases in my opinion can be but very few , in which a chancellor of the exchequer ought to exert the delicate and dangerous privilege , even though he may be possessed of it , of withholding from the house the power of exercising its own judgment.—The plea of lapse of time , urged also by the hon . gent . near me , is of another sort . Though it does not , in one sense , affect the merits of the case , that is to say , the justice of the Claim , it makes part of the question which the house is called upon to consider . I shall only say , that however good the objection may be on the part of many individual members , of the hon . gent . for example or of myself , it can not well be adopted by a house , which in the instance of the duke of Athol , to say nothing of the general merits of that case , did not scruple to revise a transaction which had passed 40 years before , and which had been sanctioned , not by an order of the lords of the treasury , but by a solemn act of the three branches of the legislature . strongly supported the Resolution , and compared the conduct of Mr. Palmer 's Deputy , who had revealed his confidential correspondence , to that of Judas Iscariot , who sold his master . was of opinion , that this was the most exceptionable demand he ever knew . If the house agreed to the Report , they would reward a public officer for great and manifold misconduct . In