altogether unjust and oppressive ; but there was no part of it more unjust than this exemption . It was fair , reasonable and proper , that foreigners who had property in the funds should equally with the subjects of this country pay for the security of that property . did not think the measure unjust ; but at the same time , he thought that it was impolitic to press it at present . observed that the tax in question was not a property tax , but one on the profits derived from property . It would have been impossible to have got 899 at the profits of foreigners , till the arrangement with the bank for detaining the lax upon the dividends . But it was not the intention of that arrangement to include foreign property . He maintained that , we had no right to meddle with it ; and if we had , it would not be expedient . denied that there could be any injustice in this measure , as the state had certainly an eminent dominion over the property , and the utmost that foreigners could expect was , to be placed on the same footing with the natives of this country . He asserted that the exemption originated , and had been continued , in prejudice and delusion . Foreigners placed their money in our funds for their own advantage , from the superior security and profit which they afforded . There was no reason why they should not pay for this . They were generally aliens ; and though this country owed them justice , they were entitled to no favour from it . thought , that good policy was in favour of the exemption , as the advantage we derived from foreign property , as it stood at present , was greater than any we could have from the tax imposed on all that would then remain . said , that he had attended much to this subject , and felt much embarrassment how to give his vote . If he voted against the motion at present , he confessed that he should do so from a deference to character , and to what had been done before , contrary to the inclination of his own opinion . He took a review of the arguments on this subject , and observed that he did not see any reason in point of justice that would exempt foreigners more than the people of this country . But there were considerations of policy that appeared to him to render it inexpedient to alter the system at the present moment , though he did not conceive that the imposition of the tax would withdraw any material portion of this property from our funds . But the principal reason that induced him to oppose the measure at the moment , was , that it might produce a very bad effect , by persuading our enemy , that his measures against us had in some degree succeeded . said , that from the tenor of the debate , he conjectured that the subject would not be brought forward very soon again for discussion ; and he was anxious , by more than a silent vote on this occasion , to express his decided opposition to the 900 measure proposed , and more especially after the hesitating negative given to it by the right hon . gent , who had just sat down , and whose speech was not calculated to add confidence to foreigners who either had embarked or might embark their capital on the credit of this country . There was a plain and familiar distinction which had not been noticed , but which yet applied , in his opinion , both to the justice and policy of the case . The foreigner who resided here , or who purchased land in this country , became , in common with all British subjects , a partner in the general risks of the state ; but the foreigner who resided abroad and sent his capital hither was a mere money lender , and could not be considered