any proposed regulation . Viewing the bill therefore in this light , he should give it his support ; and although with such an object before a committee of the house of commons , no minister would advise his majesty to grant any office in reversion in the mean time , still he thought it more , constitutional to legislate in the way now proposed , than to leave it to an address of either house of parliament . repeated his former arguments upon this subject , and thought the bill the first step to measures pregnant with danger to the constitution , and which therefore they ought to resist in the outset . He considered the former bill as less exceptionable than the present ; as in that , what was decided was broadly and fairly stated , but in this he conceived an attempt was made to draw their lordships into an approbation of measures which might prove highly injurious , and which , if rumours were to be believed , would tend to a material invasion of the constitution . The bill in itself would , if passed , be an infringement of the constitution , for which no adequate reason was stated . It was not enough to say that inquiries were pending ; their lordships ought to be informed of the nature of the measures which were intended to be proposed , and for which this bill was to lead the way . The former bill had been rejected , and he thought the house ought to make a stand upon their independance , and reject this also , coming , as it did , so immediately after the rejection of the other , and standing as it did on no better , or rather on worse grounds . supported the bill , in order that there might be no obstacle in the way of the labours of the committee of finance ; and the more so as there was supposed to be a disposition somewhere , though not open and avowed , to throw impediments in the way of that committee . The objection of the noble and learned lord , that there was no recommendation from the crown , could surely be of little avail after the recommendations from the throne at the end of the last and the commencement of the present parliament , to adopt measures with a view to economy in the public expenditure . The noble and learned lord had talked of measures to which this would lead , and which would endanger the constitution ; but what was the object of the committee of finance ? simply to consider of economy , and to prevent a lavish expenditure of the public money , at a crisis like the present , when burdens , however necessary , pressed heavily upon the people . From such measures , instead of danger , the most beneficial consequences would result . He considered the present bill as of little efficacy compared with the former ; but it should nevertheless have his support , rather than that no measure of the kind should be adopted . professed himself at a loss to discover any reason which existed for passing the present bill . He thought it was incumbent upon those who proposed or supported a measure which infringed upon a prerogative that had been exercised for 300 years , to shew that abuses existed in the exercise of that prerogative , or that some great public benefit would be derived from its limitation or its abolition . In this case , however , nothing of this nature had been shewn , nor was there any evidence before them that such a measure could be of the slightest utility . He thought there had been a great public delusion upon this subject , and that advantages had been held out which could not by any possibility result from this measure . He could not consider this measure as of the slightest importance with a view to economy ; nor was there any information before the house to prove , in any other point of