in the diligence of their researches , but in the acuteness with which they were desirous of entering upon the investigation of the public expenditure ; yet he was of opinion , that no false hopes or expectations should be held out to the people at the present moment . alluded to the expressions of Mr. Fuller , who appeared to suppose that in his characteristic coarseness he monopolised in his own breast the whole political honesty of that house . With respect to the bill , it was the peculiar province and duty of parliament to regulate and watch over the distribution of the public money ; to sec that it was not lavishly expended ; and to be frequent in the exercise of those functions , which as the representatives of the people , were vested in them by the constitution . At this most important crisis , any thing which related to public economy was not unimportant . It became the legislature to institute inquiry , to stop abuses , and to prevent , as much as lay in their power , prodigality . For these reasons , he , as one delegated by the people , could not approve of the middle course which the house were now pursuing in adopting this bill—a bill which savoured more of prudence than of spirit . The 22 house had been told , that by passing the former bill they were entrenching upon the prerogative of the crown . The prerogative , however , he must contend , had increased fourfold to what it was in former times . Instead of the former bill being an infringement upon the prerogative , it was , in fact , a shield from encroachment . He for one was a firm friend to the prerogative ; but he could not at the same time , forget that the constitution provided that this house should hold as sacred the rights of the nation . It was therefore the duty of the legislature to preserve and protect the one , and guard against the other . The hon . gent , then alluded to the speech of an hon . friend of his ( Mr. Ward ) on a former night ; a speech which no panegyric of his could do justice to . With the sentiments contained in that speech he concurred , and with his hon . friend lamented to see the names of princes of the blood , recorded in opposition to the bill . He would not suppose that they went into the house other than as peers of parliament , nor that the votes they had given proceeded from any other motive than a thorough conviction of the injurious tendency of the bill . He must , however , deprecate the effect on the public mind . He would suppose a case : It might be said , that a faction existed , that that faction had in view no other object than to refuse a redress of grievances to the people . If it should be so said , and that it was the determined intention of that faction to nip the first appearance of reform in the bud , what would the people of England say upon reading the names of the princes of the blood in hostility to the measure of reform . The houses of parliament ought to be guided in their proceedings by constitutional principles . The princes of the blood , the nobles and chiefs of the land , would consult their own dignity by abstaining from opposition to the measure . He trusted that this house would be able to overcome the faction , to subdue , and finally expel them from all control over the responsible ministers of the crown ; and that in so doing , redress of grievances might no longer remain a dead letter in the constitution ; that the attachment of the people might thereby be cultivated ; and that now , when it was most wanted , it might be secured . here arose again , and exclaimed , that the words imputed to him by