not to the extension of commerce , to improvement of manners , or any other of the speculative hopes held out to the Irish , that I looked in the union . It was to the blessing of internal harmony and peace , without which no nation can flourish . What , accordingly , were the expectations necessarily excited in the people of Ireland by the language of the late Mr. Pitt ? That measures necessary to the tranquillity of Ireland , which could not , with safety , be conceded by a distinct legislature , could be conceded with safety after an union . That was not only an acknowledgment , that there was nothing in the claims of the Catholics inconsistent with the constitution ; but that it was intended to look to their accomplishment . Mr. Pitt could never have intended to cajole the Catholics . Do ministers suppose he did ? Yet what would it have been to tell them , your objects are attainable after the union ; and when , by their concurrence , that measure is effected , which 581 without it never could , to say , 'There 'exist in the constitution , which that 'union has perfected , certain principles , 'which eternally exclude you . ' It was impossible his great mind could descend to such baseness ; and I am therefore desirous to extort from his majesty 's ministers a distinct avowal of their opinions , to know which of them accord with the doctrine of Mr. Pitt , as laid down on the union , and repeated in the former debate on this question , that there is nothing in the claim of the petitioners essentially inadmissible ; but that concession is a mere matter of time and expediency ; or , in plain English , to be regulated by the convenience of ministers . It is material to know , how many there are remaining in the ministry , or in this house , who hold eternal objections to the claims of the Catholics of Ireland . The lamentable distractions and animosities of that country forced forward that union ; and the practical advantages expected from it by every man , who , from any honest motive , supported it , was to attach to the government the affections of the Irish people , by extending to them the full benefits of a free constitution . The union grew out of the discontents and dangers of Ireland ; and without substituting measures of redress and conciliation , was calculated rather to encrease , than diminish , those discontents and dangers . Notwithstanding the policy of every one deserving the name of a statesman in this country , nothing has hitherto been done to realize the union , or to afford any correction to the divisions and distractions of Ireland . I hold , therefore , that it follows from the entire principle and purpose of the union , that you should grant the claim of your petitioners.—With respect to another great era , the revolution of 1688 , on the principles of which it is sought to perpetuate the exclusion of the Catholics , I am happy that , in my construction of that measure , I am countenanced by the authority of a noble lord , ( Milton ) whose hereditary attachment to the genuine principles of that great event , render his opinion upon it important . That measure was intended to improve your constitution on the principles of civil and religious liberty . Whatever incidental laws of restraint , or disqualification , were then enacted , arose only from the pressure of peculiar political causes ; but formed no part of the essence , or principle of that glorious effort : they were exceptions to it . There could not be a 582 more monstrous perversion of the character of the revolution , than to associate with it , the perpetuation of laws , restrictive of conscience and liberty . To this country it brought signal benefits . It is therefore natural that Englishmen should look to its era with reverence , and enthusiastically