to convert the people of Ireland , and this we have from the highest authority . Archbishop King , writing confidentially to a friend , says , that the taking any effectual measures to convert the natives , was discouraged by the principal persons in authority , and violently resisted in council . Such was the system of those , who sought to profit from the calamities of that unfortunate country.—Upon the doctrinal points of this question , having already troubled the house at such length , I shall forbear to enter . Besides , to that branch of the subject , I consider that the calmer discussion of the press is more suitable . It has moreover been , since the last debate on the subject , most satisfactorily and successfully treated in various able publications . I could particularly refer to one by an hon . baronet , a member of this house , ( sir J. C. Hippesley ) who , in addition to his own valuable , enlightened 587 and judicious arguments on the subject , has furnished authorities most important and conclusive ; ( which any man , who means to vote on this question , ought to be ashamed to have left unread ) and which can not leave a doubt remaining as to the perfect safety of admitting the Catholics to full civil privileges . Nor can I believe that any man now supposes , that the acknowledgment of the spiritual supremacy of the Pope can at all disqualify a Catholic from being a perfectly loyal and faithful subject in this state.—If , however , no sense of sound policy or justice can enforce relief to the Catholics ; at least the pressing danger of the state should support the consideration , whether the physical force of Ireland is in a state to authorize us to confide in its aid . Our formidable enemy will have combined against us almost the whole strength of the continent . Our insular situation precludes our augmenting our force by an extension of territory ; and we can look for it alone in bettering the condition of our people , and increasing their attachment to the state . A late measure , putting in requisition the whole active population of this country , bespeaks the sense ministers entertain of the danger . The population of this country is not adequate to the demands of industry ; but in Ireland there is an immense surplus population , the most prone to war , and the most eminently qualified for it , of any in the world . To attach such a population to the state , is of incalculable importance . Procure the affections of that people ; and the emperor of the French , who understands war and national character , will never invade you . With that people united and zealous , and with such a country , a descent upon Ireland would be the most desperate of all enterprises . Secure their fidelity ; and that portion of your empire would not only be impregnable , but unassailable.—But , if the danger of the country , or the importance of Ireland , can not make a due impression , I would still appeal to the feelings of this house , and say : what right have you to leave the Protestants of Ireland on that invidious and dangerous eminence , on which the penal laws place them ? I call upon you to relieve them from the pitiful and pernicious superiority , derived from worshipping Cod in one place , instead of another . If the Catholics are dangerous subjects , in what predicament do we stand , who inhabit the more Catholic parts of Ireland ; where none of the ordi- 588 nary operations of the law can take effect , but by their aid and co-operation ? If the Catholic mind be hostile , as their enemies would represent , to what are we to look for protection in the hour of danger ? when numbers are as one to an hundred , are we to arm ourselves with the penal laws ?