servants . If you go into the Committee all these false assertions can be disproved . The battles in Egypt would never have been fought , the victory of Maida never gained , if the Catholics of Ireland had not gone hand in hand with their Protestant brethren in every duty of good subjects , and in every feeling which belongs to good citizens . The peasantry of Ireland are not slaves , nor the landlord * tyrants . Such language is calculated to . render the upper ranks odious , and the lower ranks contemptible . If you want to form a judgment of the character and capacities of Ireland , look to what she has effected in the short space of twenty-five years . In that short period , the people added one third to her commerce , increased her revenue five fold , gave an accession of one third to her population , and have besides acquired a free trade and a free constitution . These are the barbarous accomplishments of Ireland . The Catholics of Ireland have a trial by jury—are admissible to all offices , but the highest offices , in the state , and above all , are a constituent part of the country—u these are the rights which they possess , and these rights they would not surrender to the kings of England , and they will not surrender them to the enemy . These facts afford the best proof of the highly civilized and improved state of Ireland , and afford the best picture of that brave people who have been so cruelly stigmatized . I will not 571 therefore call the Petition which now lies on your table.—a Petition for emancipation ; for even though the prayer of it should not be granted immediately , the Catholics will still retain the same desire of opposing the enemy—the same zeal in the cause of the empire . Every reason for proceeding with temper and conciliation is still desirable . Great Britain , with Ireland by her side , has to count upon five millions of inhabitants , ten millions of exports . She pays two millions of rental , two millions of interest , and contributes one third of her population to the army and navy . This is the stake which Ireland has in the empire , and this must convince you how very wicked and foolish it is to govern by any paltry acts , striking at the root of her liberties . There is on both sides ample ground of attachment , and let the decision this night be what it may , it will not create any division in the interests of the two countries . Suppose the navies of Europe , with their arsenals , were to sail at once from the different ports of the enemy , and proceed directly for Ireland , what measures would be most adviseable to take upon that occasion for its defence ? —Would you send an especial messenger to array the corporations , and put down the Catholic hierarchy , and make them take the oath of supremacy ? On the contrary , would you not rather send to incorporate them in the general defence ? The argument applies at the present moment most forcibly , for if you would do this at such a moment , why do you not now , when you have time , do something which shall put an end to those death-doing divisions and to prepare for that great battle which sooner or later must be fought ? —How would you blush , if it were possible for your ancestors to learn , that you lost the hereditary freedom of the land , because you were more alarmed at the edicts of Constance , the decrees of the Lateran and the councils of Trent , than you were at a foreign enemy ! The Catholics do not approach this house with servile humility , ( if , in the course of what I have said , I have uttered any thing which may savour of such an idea , I humbly beg their pardon