latter expediency . Every one can figure to himself situations in which a nation may stand , where rights of war , the most clear and incontrovertible , can not be acted upon without the greatest hazard ; and where the sense of the deepest injuries must be , ( as it often is ) for the time , suppressed or dissembled ; but are all the rights arising out . of such injuries thus destroyed ? or will it be asserted that , in the event of a country possessing rights , unquestionably just , it can be placed in this dilemma , that it must either consent to abandon them entirely , or immediately to act upon them , at the imminent risk of its own destruction . Is it possible this can be so ? and if not , the exercise of the right of war necessarily resolves itself into a question of pure expediency , which the circumstances of each individual case must govern . At the same time I am far from saying , that these rights are such as may be laid aside , and stored up for ages , to be resumed at any period t hat ambition or interest may dictate ; if acted upon , they must be acted upon with in certain restrictions , and free from the intervention of any acts of confidence and friendship which imply the relinquishment of even hostile intention . Mere delay , within given limits , can not , I apprehend , be assumed as a ground on which alone to presume such a relinquishment , and what besides took place that 356 could rationally afford the nabob grounds for a presumption , that the guilt of which he was conscious , and which he had reason to believe detected , would not be acted upon , I do not know . If any acts from whence such an inference could be drawn did occur , I must confess my ignorance of them . The causes of the delay appear in the documents before you ; they are to be found in the critical state of important negociations with other powers , the condition of the neighbouring provinces , in which rebellion was raging , and the desire the governor-general naturally felt to investigate fully the particulars of the case , and to receive an intimation at least , of the feelings of those to whom he was responsible , before he proceeded to take the measures which the situation of the country , and the permanent safety of the interests it was his duty to guard , obviously demanded . These , sir , were the considerations that , for a time , suspended the exercise of our rights , —considerations which must , to every unbiassed mind , ( if the exercise be as I have stated it , a question of expediency ) satisfactorily warrant the delay , without at all invalidating the right ; and justify , the final orders when given , to demand from Omdut ul Omrah the security we ultimately obtained.—That security , it is said however , was not , in point of fact , demanded from Omdut ul Omrah , but from his unoffending successor . Why was it not ? At the moment when the order arrived , the nabob , who had been long in a state of declining health , appeared to be fast approaching to his final dissolution . Insensible and obdurate indeed must be the heart that can not sympathise in the last hours of human existence . Not such a one was that of lord Clive . He did feel all the compassion the situation of the nabob was calculated to inspire . He respected the inviolable privileges of a death bed , and Omdut ul Omrah was permitted to close his eyes in peace , neither molested by accusation , or disquieted by the consequences of his perfidy and ingratitude . Can it be argued that rights so suspended were thereby extinguished ? Was the conduct of a prince merely personal , this might be true ; and