, seeing that the time and circumstances are unfavourable , I must again deprecate all farther discussion on the subject . in explanation.—What I stated was , that it was not the intention of myself and my friends , when in office , to bring the Catholic emancipation forward as a cabinet question . But that we reserved to ourselves the right , as members of parliament , of voting in its favour , when it should be brought forward by others . .—I confess , sir , I have never felt more pungent regret than at the discussion of this evening . Notwithstanding what has been said about moderation and calmness , I have never heard more inflammatory language , uttered with a calm voice and a sermonic tone , than what has come from the gentlemen on the other side of the house . Nothing like it has been uttered for a century within these walls . I can not congratulate one of these right hon . gentlemen ( Mr. Canning ) on the speech which he has made , on the sentiments he has uttered , or on the cheers which he has received . Whatever may be his feelings of triumph on this occasion , I do not envy him . From the course which he and his colleagues have chosen to take , it appears to me , however , that the present rejection of the Catholic claims may be considered as final . They will not be again brought before parliament : let them mark my prediction . The Catholics will no longer trust you with the bait of a Petition . They will no longer expose themselves to the mortification and insult of having their Petition rejected without even a discussion of their claims . Nothing can be more absurd , or more distant from truth , than the assertion that the Catholic Petition has been brought forward by a party . The Catholics 605 would disdain to have their Petition brought forward by any party . They are even jealous of my right hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) . When the cry in Ireland was union or rebellion , I was in favour of the measure of union ; but I have since learnt that it is very possible to have a rebellion after a union . The Catholics did certainly lend their aid to support the union , which could not be carried without their acquiescence ; and they as certainly did so upon an understood pledge of emancipation . It was strictly confided in by the Catholics , and even in some degree acted upon by those who gave it . If that pledge I were now to be abandoned , the compact with the Catholics is broken , and they have a right to claim the restoration of their parliament . The consequence of this impolitic rejection will be , that the Catholics will join the Protestants , who were always averse from the union , and with others who have since become equally so , and unite their endeavours in order to procure its repeal . .—Sir ; the hon . member who spoke last but one ( Mr. Wilber-force ) , made a declaration which gave me much satisfaction : he said , 'that it was time for him to speak out . ' Nothing ever gave me more pleasure ; for in hearing his speeches , I confess I have often attended to them , but could never yet attain his perfect meaning . At the same time , I must confess , that there was some part of his speech which rather surprised me . He said , that he was a prodigious friend to the education of the Catholics , while he was an enemy to their claims in the full extent in which they had preferred them . I endeavoured to discover what was the conduct of that hon . gent , upon a late occasion , as to the education of the Catholic clergy , and I find , that he voted for the smaller sum instead of the larger