three or four boxes of tea . I 'perfectly remember my boat 's crew 'being very angry at being on board a 'ship from India , and could not purchase 'any thing . I am , sir , your most obedient 'humble servant , William Blake . '' In most situations , men 's actions are guided by some motive ; in a mercantile transaction , profit would be the leading feature . Now , I have endeavoured to trace who had received the money for these teas ; the executors of Mr. Charnock can find no 749 entry in this book , from which I am induced to think it was considered for the pilotage . But what was the value of these tour boxes ; 9l . a box ; and the duty , as it was then rated , would not exceed 29l . on the whole : consequently , the loss to the revenue , if the teas were ever landed , of which there is no proof whatever , could only be the duty , which must have been gained by the person who received the teas . Having stated fairly all I knew of this transaction , which had taken place so many years ago , was it , I ask , such as to merit the harsh expressions which have been applied to it ? If the honourable gentleman had used half the exertion to prove the direct acts of smuggling while the ship was in possession of the captors , as he has to prove my being disinterestedly accessary to four boxes going out of the ship , he might have more decidedly succeeded ; to what extent it was then going on , nobody can calculate ; but the returns from the custom-house can prove , that goods were seized alongside her in the attempt to land , and the boats condemned ; this prevented the account of the cargo ever being regularly balanced . I can not , sir , but be convinced , and I am sure the same feeling must pervade this house and the country , that it is impossible to find any person who was more particularly fitted for this investigation than the hon . gentleman . It must be well known that one of his hon . relations has had a long and intimate connection with his majesty 's proctor in Doctors ' Commons ; so extensive indeed , and so various , was the practice of that office , that it became a subject of discussion in this house ; and as a branch of the same connection still remains , where could he better apply for the course of judicial I proceeding against the Etrusco , or against any ship , or for any ship ? Nor could he have a more ample source of information of the commercial intercourse between I this country and Ostend , than by applying to another branch of his family , whose partner has been known ( if I am not deceived by my information ) to have remained for weeks together at Ostend , sorting his goods from India , and selecting those best calculated for an active importation into this country . ( Mr. Lushington called out , 'Name , name . ' ) Mr. Maver , sir , your uncle 's partner . The hon . gentleman has commented much upon the affidavit , and the memorials presented by me to the treasury . The affidavit recapi- 750 tulated the joint concern of Constant , Piron , and myself ; it really only claimed one-third of that joint concern ; and it asserted that no Frenchman had an interest in that one-third , or in any part of the ship , or the rest of the cargo . But he might have gone further ; for Piron never paid a shilling ; and was only introduced by Constant to have an eventual profit , or to bear a similar loss : and it was in the time of perfect peace when this adventure commenced in China.—Now , as to the memorial , which only