officer and a charge for swindling ; and the dread of detection soon frightened them into a re-delivery of his five guineas . What a shame then was it to see their cause espoused by any man in that house . A member of parliament should be ashamed of having any thing to do with such fellows . He did not suppose that the hon . baronet shaved in their gains [ a laugh . ] That gentleman was welcome to laugh if he 804 pleased , and look and spout speeches like a lawyer , but it was a poor way to shew himself off , and to make a noise and stir for notoriety . He hoped the house would not countenance such a piece of swindling . felt no resentment at the warm language of the hon . gent . He wished the hon . gent . was in as perfect good humour with himself , as he and the house were with him . The Jennerian Society was not instituted till 1803 . The original Cow Pox Inoculation Society was instituted in 1799 . The Institution which the petition related to , was established in 1806 , he allowed principally by a set of Quakers , a sect to whose moral and virtuous principles and conduct , he was happy to bear testimony . Since that time this Institution had communicated the vaccine matter to 81,000 persons in every situation of life . The petitioners desired only to have the facts alleged in their petition inquired into ; and hoped for public aid only in the event of their being found entitled to it on public grounds.—The petition was ordered to lie on the table . deferred his notice of a motion on this subject until Thursday . His object was to diminish the evils which now resulted from the dissemination of spurious and improper Vaccine matter , by the establishment of some central Institution , from which the genuine virus should be distributed without expence . If the house should acquiesce in his motion , he should then propose to submit the management of the institution to a certain number of the College of Physicians . This was not a government measure , and he begged to be understood as having no particular partiality to any one of the present institutions more than another . His object was to give the best possible effect to the discovery of Dr. Jenner . rose , pursuant to notice , to move for a copy of an exposition of the Affairs of the East India company , which had been laid before the committee by the directors . A Report had been already presented to the house by the East India committee , upon which a grant of money to the company was to be moved . His object was to have this paper before the house , in order that when gentlemen came to vote on the question , they might be as well informed upon the subject as the committee . The hon . member stated 805 that the first thing done by the committee I was to call for a general statement of the Affairs of the Company from the directors . An Exposition had accordingly been given in , presenting a view , gloomy enough , of their situation . When the committee came to consider what security the company could give for any loan to be advanced to them , it was thought best that they should present a petition to parliament , to be by the house referred to the committee . A Petition was accordingly presented ( see p. 68 ) ; but in it they had forgot all their distresses . They put off their Indian debt in a parenthesis , and made out a surplus at home of eight millions . This was referred to the committee , and what he complained of was , that they had adopted the Petition as the ground of the report , and not the Exposition . Delusive , therefore , as the Indian budgets had been , they were nothing to the