that by granting the higher claims of the catholics , you would confer upon them a degree of political power which might be incompatible with the security of the constitution in church and state . But by allowing them to act as directors of the Bank , you gave them no degree of political power ; for it was not with the bank of Ireland as with that of England : the bank of Ireland had no connection with government as the bank of England Lad . Besides , not only different sects , but men of different religions were admitted as directors of the bank of England . In Ireland , however , you would exclude those from that distinction , who formed the larger portion of the monied interest of Ireland , and who possessed the greater share of the commercial capital of Ireland . You thus deprived them of the means of managing their own property , than which nothing could be more unreasonable ; you so far discourage them from entrusting their property to the Irish funds—than which nothing could be more unwise and impolitic . There was no point of view under which it was possible to consider such an exclusion , in which it must not appear to every unprejudiced mind , illiberal , unjust , ungrateful , and impolitic . These , he trusted , would be sufficiently powerful motives with their lord- 978 ships to induce them to concur in the motion , which he should now submit to their consideration . The noble lord then concluded , with moving , That it be an instruction to the committee upon the bill , that they do make distinct provision for admitting the catholics to hold and exercise the offices of director and governor of the bank of Ireland . opposed the motion , on the grounds he had already so often insisted upon . It had already abundantly appeared to be the sense of government , and of parliament , to make no further concessions to the catholics of Ireland at the present moment . Indeed , he would go so far as again to repeat , that he should make his stand on the law as it stood at the union . What had been conceded up to that period he was ready to abide by ; any thing further he would oppose . No man could deny that admission to the office of bank directors must confer influence , which influence would generate political power . If , therefore , parliament , was wise in opposing claims of higher and more extended power , they would act with equal wisdom in opposing the present claim , which , if granted , must have the tendency it was the desire and determination of parliament to counteract ; for these reasons , he must oppose the motion . contended that their lordships , by refusing the proposition of his noble friend , would violate the spirit and meaning of the act of 1793 . By that statute it was particularly provided , that all Catholics might be elected to the offices of every lay corporation , any statute or bye law to the contrary notwithstanding , excepting the University of Dublin . His lordship argued , that at the time the statute was framed , the legislature must have had in their contemplation charters also ; but by their omitting to mention that word , in his opinion ( he might be wrong ) , Catholics could not be admitted under the old charter to the different offices of the Bank of Ireland . But the very reason , be urged , was , that the legislature had not extended this right to Catholic proprietors of the Bank , under the old charter , because the charter having already been granted before that act of parliament , it was not consistent for the legislature , nor agreeable to Magna Charta , that they should alter or destroy a charter which they had already granted . If any man would seriously attend to the preamble of this act of 1793 , he would