the time , but he was soon relieved from his pecuniary distress by the liberal and generous contribution of the Catholics of Cork , who made up the sum which government wanted . Having heard of our embarrassment , they volunteered not only their lives , but actually lent government the money , which they could not get by any other means , or from any other quarter . He thought it due to the loyalty , generosity , and fortitude of the Irish Catholics , to make this statement to his country , and to acknowledge the importance of the favour which they had conferred , for it was of such a nature as ingratitude itself could not obliterate . This , be it remembered , took place 26 years ago , and were we now to repay that body by a bill of exclusion from the direction of that which they had combated to prop and maintain ? Before he entered into the question of the bank , and the propriety of admitting Catholics to be directors , he begged leave to observe , that the person at the head of the Catholics , who so nobly came forward to the relief and salvation of the Irish government , was a person dead long since , but whose memory should not be forgotten , he meant Mr. George Gould , an eminent merchant at that time . Did the Catholics shrink from their allegiance , or act a suspicious part , he would not hesitate to state it . On the contrary , if they chose to strike a dreadful 987 blow , and one fatal to Great Britain , they might have done it ; but what was their conduct ? It was contained in this answer , that they prevented the regular troops from mutinying , and went themselves into the ranks to oppose the enemy . The Catholics of Ireland immediately swelled the ranks of all the volunteer corps , and in a few weeks , he should be more correct in saying a few days , they formed an army not only willing to fight , but able to conquer . The noble marquis then considered the immediate subject before their lordships , and contended that the bill would only prove a record to future times of our ingratitude , impolicy , and injustice towards Ireland . in reply , observed , that no arguments had been adduced to do away the powerful facts which had been stated . When the question of Catholic Emancipation was brought forward in the Irish parliament , the Catholics were told it could be better discussed in an imperial parliament . This was held out to them to gain their consent to the union , and they were told now that they must not expect to be placed in a better situation than at the union . Was this the way to conciliate the people of Ireland ? He was astonished how the noble secretary of state could reconcile such arguments as he had made use of to himself ; or how it could be expected that the people of Ireland could be reconciled to them . He felt confident that the majority of the noble lords were in favour of allowing the Catholic claims , but they kept back their real sentiments . He entreated of them to come forward , and to dismantle themselves of their disguise , as the period was not far off when they would be obliged to do it . It would be like the concessions asked by America before the contest ; and would any noble lord say , that at the conclusion of that contest we should not have been happy to have acquiesced in all they had asked from us in the beginning ? This case was recent in the mind of every person , and he wished to warn the house against the same error , and not to withhold their favours until it became too late , as was the case with America . They should not judge of the people of Ireland by the acts of