mind of his learned friend . During four or five years preceding the spring of 1860 , several boys had been there brought to trial ; the numbers had been increasing , till seven or eight at one assizes appeared to be confederated in a regular gang , and to hive frequented the neighbouring fairs and markets , executing their designs with all the same art and system that was to be found within the metropolis . The court , having before tried milder punishments , proceeded upon this occasion in two instances to transportation for seven years ; but so little terror did this punishment inspire , that at the spring assizes in 1806 , among forty prisoners , there was the melancholy exhibition of no fewer than 17 boys between the ages of 12 and 16 . They came from the manufacturing part of the county , and their offence was generally that of privately stealing , either from the shop or the person . Several were acquitted , either from accidental defects , or for want of prosecution through the tenderness of their prosecutors : but among those who were convicted , some received sentence of death , and the former punishments having proved ineffectual , it was judged necessary to make a severer example by transporting two for seven years , and recommending two of the capital convicts to the royal mercy on transportation for life . This increased severity happily produced a better effect , insomuch , that during the four last assizes , only four boys had appeared in the calendars , and none of them members of any regular confederacy . From all the foregoing circumstances he drew this inference ; that simply to repeal the statute of Elizabeth , as the bill proposed , would operate , not to the prevention , but to the encouragement of this species of theft , and that the power of transporting for life was indispensable . There existed , likewise , one difficulty in prosecutions under the statute of Elizabeth , which arose out of the construction which had been put upon the words , 'privily without his knowledge . ' This difficulty might , in his opinion , be removed with advantage , by annexing the severer punishment to any larceny from the person , under circumstances not amounting to robbery : because it was an old and just principle in the law , that the person as well as the house ought to be protected with more than common care . For a similar reason it was , in his opinion , unwise to make any distinction as to the 880 value of the thing stolen ; no such distinction being made either in the case of robbery from the person , or in that of burglary ; more especially likewise as it often happened , even where a large property was stolen from the person , that the money if found having , in the language of the law , no ear mark , could rarely be proved ; whilst the purse , or the pocket-book containing it , though of trifling value , could easily be identified . For these reasons he strongly recommended , that instead of death , should be substituted transportation for life , or any shorter time not less than 7 years , or a long or short imprisonment with or without hard labour , at the discretion of the court , as the case might require . If therefore his learned friend was disposed to allow that the bill should be thus modified in the committee , he was inclined to think that it might prove an amendment of the law . ( of Kerry ) likewise objected to the preamble of the bill . Human laws , he said , were made for preventing , not for avenging crimes , and hence it often happened that punishments seemed to be disproportioned to the crimes . There were two different kinds of criminal legislation , according to archdeacon Paley : the one was that which assigned capital punishments only to the highest species of crimes ;