for Europe , in which your magnanimity was equal to your power , and all Europe dreaded the one as it admired the other . You sacrificed both your power and your greatness , to succour the distressed part of Europe against the ravages of an . ambitious prince . That was your situation then . You are now fighting against a great power indeed , but for a very different object , not to succour the distressed , but to save yourselves from destruction , while you are shut up from all connection with any part of Europe . He has well contemplated these things , and is determined to keep you from any continental connections again , that can in any degree tend to increase your power : in short , he is determined to shut you out from the continent altogether . This was long ago his object , and he has very nearly accomplished it . He proceeds with great injustice , it is true , but , for his purpose , with profound wisdom . He will secure to himself the main purpose of his own ambition in the first instance , as he has , indeed , in a measure , done already ; and in the next , he will reduce Europe to such a state , that you can derive no benefit from it , whatever may become the relative condition of its different states to each other . The Turkish empire will be the next point of his ambition , which most probably will be rendered subservient to his wishes . Then 612 your power in the East will be his object . Such most probably will be the progress of his successful ambition . Such , I am confident , are his designs . Tremendous is this prospect to you . And what have you to oppose to all this ? Great Britain and Ireland : for within a few months from this moment , you will be reduced to that situation . Then I would ask , is it reasonable to reject , without argument ; to pass over , without discussion , a subject of such importance as that which is now before you ? You are threatened with the extremities to which war can reduce you , carried on as it is by the most implacable enemy you ever bad , and not only the most implacable , but the most profoundly skilled ; and not only the most profoundly skilled , but also the most formidable , because the most powerful . How are yon to defend yourselves sufficiently , against the attacks of such a foe ? By making war on him . Can you make war upon him without the assistance of the Catholics ? No . But our object is not war but peace—Can you make peace without the assistance of the Catholics ? I say you can not , without the cordial co-operation of the Catholics , obtain any thing but what may be comparatively called 'an ignominious peace . ' That is , peace on terms infinitely less advantageous to Great Britain , than you could obtain with the cordial co-operation of the Catholics . Why , then , it comes to this : that in order to get rid of the danger which you apprehend to Ireland , from the discussion of this subject , you will place yourselves in a condition to take worse terms and conditions of peace , than you would , if freed from the apprehension of that danger . Why should this be so , I should wish to know ? Is England so fallen from her former glory , that she will now accept of comparatively ignominious terms of peace , from a sense of her own internal weakness , arising , as it can not but arise , from her internal dissensions . Is this the way in which we are to rival our ancestors in glory ? Shall we forget the glorious achievements of Great Britain on the continent in former times ? Shall we forget , or , remembering , shall