trust to , ready to take up arms against you : every financial resource exhausted ; not a rupee in your treasuries : this , sir , is the state into which lord Wellesley 's mal-administration brought India : this is the state in which he left it , and this is the state in which lord Cornwallis found it . The noble lord opposite ( lord Castlereagh ) , has repeatedly introduced the name of lord Cornwallis into the debate of this night . I would ask the noble lord , I would ask any member of the house , for what reason , for what purpose , was such a man as lord Cornwallis , at his advanced period of life , not merely cabled upon , but solicited , entreated , as one of the greatest services he could render to his country , to again undertake the government of India ? Was such a man wanted to pursue the system , and tread in the steps of lord Wellesley ? No , sir , he was sent out for very different purposes . Does the house know how that lamented nobleman was employed from the first moment of his arrival at Calcutta , to the latest period of his existence ? He was employed , sir , in reversing every measure , in cutting down every political act of his predecessor , in endeavouring to repair , or at least to put a stop to , the universal mischiefs produced by the measures of lord Wellesley . This house voted a monument to lord Cornwallis . If you approve of the conduct of lord Wellesley , be consistent , at least , and begin where , on this principle , you ought to begin , by ordering lord Cornwallis 's monument to be pulled down , and then on its ruins you may erect a statue to lord Wellesley : but , at last , we are told , that the noble lord 's motives were always good , that his zeal to serve the Company was always ardent : I have already said , there is no human tribunal can take cognizance of his conscience or penetrate into his motives , abstractedly from his conduct . In my mind , sir , the noble lord has done all with his eyes open , caring , as it seems , but little for the consequences ; secure of protection here ; and so he has found it ; but before this house proceeds to pass a vote 947 which as an hon . director ( Mr. Grant ) has told you , will be attended with incalculable mischief in India , I trust it will reflect , and I call upon his majesty 's ministers , before they lend their aid to a measure so pregnant with disgrace to the British name and character , to reflect on those duties which they owe to their sovereign , to their country , and , in truth , to their own characters . I thank the house for the indulgence it has shewn me , I shall trespass no longer , but shall give my decided negative to the present question.— The house then divided , , pursuant to his notice , rose , he said , to deliver his sentiments , not merely upon the subject of this bill , but on that of the English Local Militia , which he had not an opportunity of attending in its progress , and upon the defensive state of the country . He began , by expressing his regret , that the people did not now seem so feelingly alive to the danger with which they were threatened , in consequence of the accumulated means and determined intentions of the enemy , as they were a very few years since , when that danger was much more distant , and when impediments , numerous and formidable , stood in the way , which had been since removed . The country seemed to repose in a fatal security , as if people imagined , that because there was not a