to be desired that your ldships should consider in detail . It is generally and greatly misapprehended in this country . We are often told that Catholics refuse to acknowledge the same obedience to their sovereign which he receives from all his other subjects . The charge is wholly groundless . They recognize , as you do , in the civil government of their country , all temporal power and authority . Their uniform and repeated declarations , the pledges they have already given , the oaths they have already taken , ought to satisfy you fully on this head . If more security be necessary , let it be exacted ; but let your measure apply only to that fir which it professes to provide , the authority of your sovereign and the security of your government . The oath , as it now stands , includes a question of spiritual supremacy , foreign to those objects . The church of England itself does not acknowledge any such supremacy in the crown . The king , acting by the councils , and exercising the powers which the laws have 651 given him , is indeed in all matters ecclesiastical or temporal , supreme . But he is so as a civil magistrate only . He is not the spiritual head ; he is not , if I may so express it , the pope of the church of England . Such a claim was indeed once maintained by the capricious despotism of a prince whose wildest imaginations it was not always safe to resist . But the wise and virtuous men who laid , after his decease , the true foundations of our church , admitted no such authority in their sovereign . It exists not , therefore , in the church of England . Of the other established church of this united kingdom , the king is not in any sense whatever acknowledged as the head . The same temporal obedience which both these Protestant churches pay to their sovereign , the Catholics acknowledge also . In all matters of civil government , even of that mixed nature in which ecclesiastical and civil jurisdictions are combined , they submit themselves without reserve to the supreme authority of the king , in this parliament as legislator , in other councils as civil governor of this empire . In the spiritual head of their church they acknowledge , as all the subjects of this realm formerly acknowledged , a spiritual authority confined to questions of faith . The reformation has taught us , that for that spiritual authority there is no warrant in the principles of our religion . But this is a question purely of religious belief ; in no degree affecting that absolute duty and undivided allegiance , which our Catholic fellow-subjects , in common with ourselves , owe and pay to the person and government of their sovereign . In a committee you may place this matter in its true light , and bring it to the unerring test of experience . With that view it was intended , at the period to which I have so often referred , to submit to parliament , in lieu of the oath of supremacy , framed as we all know for the purpose of exclusion , a new form of oath , calculated to unite , not to divide our people . That oath would have contained an explicit pledge of support to the established constitution , and the most express disclaimer that could be devised , of any interference with his majesty 's legitimate and undoubted sovereignty . Whatever words may be most effectual for this purpose , let them be adopted ; provide the fullest security that jealousy itself can dictate for that which we are all equally anxious to defend : and let it then be seen whether the Catholics of Ireland are reluctant to concur in such declara- 652 tions . There is yet another subject , the consideration of which was designed to accompany these important measures . It is not indeed exclusively connected with the situation of the Catholics , but it is