that which he did , having adverted to the situations of the vizier of Oude , and the nabob of Arcot , brought the latter below the level upon which lord Macartney had placed them ; observing , that the vizier was more 375 of an independent sovereign than the nabob of Arcot . He certainly was so ; he resided in his own capital , at a great distance from the seat of the British government ; he had numerous armies , and his Forts were garrisoned by his own troops ; but he wished to state to the house , and to bring to the recollection of some hon . members of it , the opinion of that great man , Mr. Burke , regarding the independency even of the vizier . In the 4th Article of charge against Mr. Hastings , presented by Mr. Burke to this house , in April 1786 , he says , that the reigning nabob of Oude , by taking ; into and continuing in his pay certain bodies of regular British troops , and by having afterwards admitted the British resident at his court , into the management of all his affairs , foreign and domestic , and particularly into the administration of his finances , did gradually become , in substance and effect , as well as in general repute and estimation , a dependent on , or a vassal of , the East India Company . And he would beg to refer hon . gentlemen to Mr. Burke 's speech on the nabob of Arcot 's debts , for his opinion regarding the independent sovereignty of Mahomed Ally . The nabob of Arcot , says Mr. Burke , has , in truth and substance , no more than a merely civil authority , held in the most entire dependence on the Company.—The nabob , without military , without federal capacity , is extinguished as a potentate . On this topic , he could also quote the sentiments of a person whose testimony would always be entitled to consideration . He meant lord Macartney , who , in a letter to the secret committee , July 1785 , observes , that to conciliate the nabob 's mind to his real situation , which he seemed willing to forget , to revive in his memory , without wounding his delicacy or his pride , the steps by which he had risen to elevation , to lead him to feel his obligations to the Company , that whatever rank or territory he had ever possessed , cither by his paper titles , or by actual occupancy , he derived from their arms , their influence , their generosity , and that his interests and security were so involved in theirs , that to pretend to a distinct , separate , independent , sovereignty , as he talked of , or to imagine that he could exist without the Company ; or to expect , that the Company would go on defending the country at their own expence , without an adequate share of the 376 revenues of it , were absurdities that , though in some measure warranted by former friendship or connivance , he ought no longer to indulge in , as they would prove a fatal deceit upon himself , and must soon end in his total destruction , and in that of his best friends on the coast.—To engage the nabob 's mind to a calm consideration of these points was not an easy task , but it was a necessary one , and was performed with success ; the result was his assignment of the revenues.—The view taken by the government at home of the relative situation of the nabob and the East India Company , corresponded with that taken by lord Macartney ; they say , in the month of June 1785 , We are ready to admit that Mahomed Ally is the lawful nabob of the Carnatic ; at the same time we must observe , that he acquired that title by our means , and is now supported in it by our authority , nor