from my noble friend opposite ( lord Castlereagh ) , merely to advert to the circumstance of the Union , of which I may be supposed to have some official knowledge ; and the nature of the expectation held out to the Catholics , in order to conciliate their acquiescence in that measure . My noble friend has said , that no pledge was given to the Catholics , that their full emancipation was to be the immediate consequence of this measure , in consideration of their support . It is true , indeed , that no bond was given to the Catholics on that point ; but there were certainly expectations , and something like promises held out to them , which , in my mind , ought to be more binding than a bond . And so strongly was this idea felt by my noble friend , by my right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) , and by a right hon . gent . now no more ( Mr. Pitt ) , that they quitted office because they could not carry the measure ; and when , upon Mr. Pitt 's return to office , he opposed the going into the committee , it was not from any objection to the measure , but to the time . I therefore think , that my noble friend and my right hon . friend , must both feel themselves in an aukward situation this night , under the opposition they have given to the measure . The right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , when attorney general in 1805 , opposed it , upon the ground that it would be an infringement of the articles of the union , by one of which it was 602 expressly stipulated , that the protestant religion should be supported in Ireland . The framers of the act must have been stupid indeed , if the language of the statute was to be construed to preclude a measure , which was expressly understood to be one of the conditions of the union . My noble and right hon . friends upon the pledge of not agitating the question , to which they had declared themselves favourable , had come into office in place of those who would not have refused the discussion , and still profess to maintain their former good wishes towards the Catholics , and their desire to conciliate them . But , I appeal to the good sense of the house , whether , the restoration of Mr. Giffard to office , the refusal of the usual grant to Maynooth college , and the appointment of a learned gentleman , whom he would not now name ( Dr. Duigenan ) to be a member of the Irish privy council , were symptoms of a system of conciliation towards the Catholics of Ireland . I sincerely hope the house will go into a committee and discuss the subject , and say whether the penal laws against the Catholics ought or ought not to be continued . And , although the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , and the right hon . and learned gent . lately appointed to the Irish privy council , may not be favourable to the measure , I trust the wisdom of the house will see the policy of conciliating the affection and confidence of the Irish people , and thus lay up a store of strength for the empire against the hour of danger . .—I entirely approve , sir , of the calmness and moderation recommended by the right hon . gent , who opened this debate , in a speech replete with the most splendid eloquence . I do not mean to attempt to follow him throughout the whole of his arguments . But , with respect to the time , I do not think the present a proper one , if there were no other reason than that it is impossible now to carry the measure . If the gentlemen opposite knew that they could carry it , I grant it would be a good time .