already a pension on the Irish establishment , which , with what was now proposed , which he understood to be 159 10,000l . per annum , would amount to an income of 14,000l . a sum which he would not say was either too great or too little ; but this he must observe , that the house , in granting it , were not very consistent ; for surely if the sister of the king , who was only the daughter of a prince of Wales , was entitled to such an establishment , the daughters of the king of England should be entitled at least to the same , while it was well known the princesses were not allowed even one half of that sum . This inconsistency , however , he should now leave to the reflection of their lordships.— The question was then put on the address , and agreed to nem . diss . rose , and repeated his objections to the bill . It was wholly different in principle from the bill that had been introduced in the commencement of the session , and was by no means such as the committee of finance had in contemplation , or as the country was led to expect . If that was all the committee of finance thought of doing , then , indeed , the people would be disappointed . He fondly hoped to see the enquiries penetrate into the great departments of government , the navy , the army , the ordnance , where great and essential savings might be made : but if their object was only to abolish some sinecure places , which he rather thought should be retained for the reward of public services , then , instead of promoting economy , it might be found that they would have increased expence . But nothing more displeased him in the bill , than seeing it was the result of a petty compromise between ministers , who wished to secure their places , and that party by whom this bill had hitherto been opposed , and who possessed a secret influence which was known to be able to make or unmake ministers . perfectly concurred with the noble lord who spoke last , as to the propriety of retaining some fund from which his majesty might be enabled to reward services , where the persons who had rendered those services , had not been born to hereditary wealth . Such a fund , he thought , sinecure places might contribute to supply . He differed widely , however , from that noble lord as to his insinuations of a compromise ; did not the very nature of the constitution depend on compromise ? otherwise , could public bu- 160 smess be carried on for a moment without practical compromises ? He thought the house of commons had acted wisely in new-modelling the bill ; and that their lordships acted wisely in assenting to it . was surprised to see the house deserted by those who had prognosticated such alarming mischief 's from the bill . This to him was a new proof that the passing of the present bill was a matter of compromise ; not of that sort of compromise of which the noble lord opposite had just spoken , but a compromise that was to keep ministers in their places , while they removed the objections of that party upon whom their power was known to depend . and the Lord Chancellor disclaimed the doctrine that the bill was subversive of the constitution , inimical to the prerogative , or repugnant to the dignity of that house . If it had any such tendency , it never should have had their countenance and support . did not think the bill sufficient , but he still should support it , and consider it as a pledge of what the house was further disposed to do , and as a pledge which he trusted they would redeem.—The bill was then read a third time and passed . presented a Petition from the land-owners , corn masters , and maltsters , of