a tyranny more merciless than language can describe or imagination paint . The cruelty of the oppressors has been exceeded only by their rapacity ; the miseries of France herself have been inferior only to those of her deceived and subjugated allies . There is not one among the nations who have sought her friendship , that has not been brought under her iron yoke . There is not one individual that has assisted her views , who does not groan at this very hour under a slavery far more dreadful than that of the most oppressed class in the worst governed country of Europe before this revolution . Religious persecution , commercial ruin , political degradation , these are the instruments of her dominion , and the never-failing consequences of her success . All ranks , all classes , all descriptions of men , have been alike involved in-common destruction ; the Church with the State , the Cottage with the Palace . Yet all these evils , yet all the miseries that France has felt , or has inflicted , are as a feather in comparison with those which she is endeavouring now to pour down upon Ireland . There the war , if once established by the disunion of Irishmen , must be long protracted ; there all the horrors of civil contest would aggravate those of foreign invasion : there the success of France would be more terrible to the deluded victims of her perfidy , even than to her enemies . In Ireland , submission would not disarm her hatred ; dominion would not satisfy her ambition ; nor could she secure the advantages of con- 665 quest , except by the total desolation of the country . Let then the people of Ireland be persuaded , that there is no individual , however low in rank or obscure in station , whose religion and liberty , whose property and life , are not threatened by these designs ; none who is not as deeply interested in resisting them , as the most powerful , or the most opulent member of society . Let them be convinced , even those who most complain of these unjust exclusions , that there is one course only by which their civil rights can finally be established , one only by which their present advantages can be preserved . Let it be indelibly impressed upon the mind of Ireland , that it is only by union , by close and intimate union with Great Britain , that she can , in this dreadful convulsion of the world , defend her soil , protect her people , or maintain her independence.—My Lords , I move you , `` That this House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee , to consider the Petition of His Majesty 's Roman Catholic subjects of Ireland '' rose and said , that differing entirely as he did from the noble baron , by whom the motion had been made , he was desirous of submitting the grounds of that difference to their lordships ' consideration . That the subject to which it applied was of `` the most awful importance , and delicate in the highest degree , '' he most readily admitted ; but he was utterly at a loss to account for the agitation of it at this time . The noble baron had on a former day distinctly declared that he had no share in advising it : by a noble earl ( the earl of Moira ) it had been deprecated in the strongest terms : both those noble lords were then apprehensive that the cause to which they were friendly , might be prejudiced by a discussion at the present moment : it was , indeed , impossible but that they must be conscious of what was clue to the opinion so recently expressed by parliament , and to feelings , the prevalence of which had been still more recently manifested throughout , the kingdom . The petitioners had therefore come forward under circumstances , which , in the opinion of some of their most powerful friends , reflected