bishop who shall not have obtained the approbation of his majesty . I know not whether the right hon . gent , calls that any change in the religion of the Catholics or not , but I think it ought to quiet his apprehensions . As to the objection which has been started against the Catholics having commands at sea , lest chaplains of that persuasion should be appointed , and that they should throw the crew into confusion by endeavouring to make proselytes , I own I see nothing in it—the chaplain will hardly wade through blood and brains to settle controversial doctrines—sailors will hardly debate on board a ship , upon the question of , whether the Thirty Nine Articles ought to be agreed to or not ? Nor do I apprehend that soldiers in a camp will debate the question of Whether their chaplain ought to be canonized or consecrated by the Pope or not ? These are difficulties which are started for their own sake merely . But that which almost astounds me , and must , I think , astonish the house , is the profound silence to-night of a profoundly learned , and sometimes not a little confident , right hon . gent . ( Dr. Duigenan ) ; surely there is something ominous in that silence . He was introduced into the privy council of Ireland for the purpose of giving his opi- 634 nion on Irish ecclesiastical concerns ; why does he now withhold that valuable opinion from this house ? On former occasions he has been abundantly communicative , for we all remember that in a pamphlet of great length , as well as learning , he , some time ago , spoke of the Catholics in such a manner , that some persons considered what he said as open calumny , and among those who so considered it , were a Judge and Jury acting upon their oaths in a court of justice , for the publisher of that pamphlet has been convicted as a slanderer for language used in the pamphlet of that learned and , now , right hon . gent.—But this question seems to me to be of great importance in another point of view . I mean as to the effect of your refusal to take off the shackles of the Roman Catholics . You say that you can not believe them upon their oaths when they swear fidelity to your constitution , and ask you to trust them to fight in its defence . They say to you , 'For God 's sake let us be free , that we may fight for you . ' To which you answer , 'No , you are most unreasonable men—What ! do you want your hands untied ! How do we know what use you will make of them if we do untie them ? ' To which they may subjoin , 'Take care that you do not make us break our chains ourselves , for if we do , that will take away every claim you have on us for our assistance , in the hour of peril . '—There is one thing , however , at which I am able to rejoice in the consideration of this subject , that of our having entirely got rid of a bug-bear ; I mean the Coronation Oath . There is nothing whatever in the true spirit of that oath , which militates against the king 's assent to any measure which the two other branches of the legislature may present to his majesty in favour of the Roman Catholics . Not one , even of the most strenuous opponents of this measure , will now talk of the Coronation Oath ; they are beaten out of it ; they are ashamed to mention it again . That is one of the advantages which have arisen from the discussion of this subject . But it served one admirable purpose for the right hon . gent . : the purpose of election—an insult to the good sense of the people of this country . But the insults which you