, those who draw that conclusion may be excused from the charge of drawing an unaccountable , or even rash , conclusion . I beg leave , however , to acquit the right hon . gent , who has brought this subject forward to night , from any desire of bringing it forward unfairly ; on the contrary he has brought it forward in the most temperate and most conciliating manner possible , and I am glad of and happy in , the opportunity which is thus afforded me of bearing testimony thereto.—As to the question itself , the manner in 'Which it has been discussed to-night , and particularly by an hon . friend behind me , leaves me but little to say . The opposition which I am giving on this occasion , or which I have given to this subject , or any other , is not founded on any charge I have to make against the Irish Catholics for disloyalty , or disaffection to the state . Nor should it be supposed that I am unwilling to conciliate the people of Ireland , or unwilling to tranquillize Ireland , or to do any thing in my power that appears safe to be done , for the purpose of producing harmony among all classes of persons in that part of his majesty 's dominions ; but my objection has , at all times , been , when this question has come under consideration , this—that I do in my conscience believes that this measure , if adopted , although intended ever so sincerely for the purpose of tranquillizing Ireland , and putting the Roman Catholics of Ireland in a state of perfect satisfaction , will not have that effect ; but that it has a tendency to the contrary way—for , in , my soul , I do believe , that nothing can be more likely to disturb Ireland , to excite in it , or , when excited , to increase religious animosity , than the adoption of the measure now re-commended to us . I may be mistaken , 622 but it is the strong conviction of my mind.—I will treat the argument of the right hon . gent . opposite to me ( Mr. G. Ponsonby ) as fairly as I can , and by that argument we have his testimony , that it is his opinion the granting what is now asked , would not satisfy the Catholics , and he tells us they ought not to be satisfied until you have granted to them what he calls the whole of 'their claims upon the justice of parliament : ' that they will be glad to have any thing that you will give them , but they will not be satisfied with any thing short of what they call the whole of their claim upon your justice . Do I want more , in order to justify me in opposing this measure , viewing it as I do , than this very argument of the right hon . gentleman ? He having insisted upon it , that if this be granted to the Catholics , they have still a right to more ; that they ought to apply , and that at some favourable opportunity , they will apply , for more ; that they must apply for more . Why , then , according to this argument , if your object be to tranquillize the Catholics and to conciliate them , this measure will not attain that end , for you are told before hand , that more will be applied for , and no doubt we should be told that the next claim shall be allowed in order to tranquillize the Catholics , and with no better prospect of success than we have now . Then it comes to this , that if you mean to tranquillize the Catholics , by granting what they ask , you must grant them the whole of what they think fit to ask . If it be your object to conciliate them by such means , you can not stop short , but must go