into the subject , for which reason I shall heartily vote for going into a committee upon this important question . rose , amidst a general call for the question , and , having obtained a hearing , spoke to the following effect : —Sir , I think it not a little extraordinary , upon a subject of such vast importance to the Irish nation , and to the British empire , that gentlemen are so anxious to come to a decision upon the question , that they will not allow every one to deliver their sentiments upon it.—Sir , it is a subject which , in the present momentous crisis , calls most imperiously for the sentiments not only of the Irish members , and those of the British representation , but it does also demand at least some notice from the government . It is therefore with very great surprise , not unmixed with regret , that I have not heard from ministers any one argument against the claims of the petitioners ; but what has created in my mind greater surprise , and made more impression on me , is , that not one British member has condescended to offer one single argument against the Petition . I take it for granted , therefore , that they have none to offer—if they had , an appeal for amelioration and protection from four millions and a half of your fellow subjects , would not be met with silence . Is this the way , I ask , in which you mean to pass it over ? I should hope not . I should hope that you will not let it go forth to the Catholics of Ireland , that upon a petition stating disabilities and grievances , which , as subjects of the empire , they labour under ; and praying that those disabilities might be removed , you dismissed those 637 claims in silence , but will give some shadow of reason for the dismissal . If ministers and the English members on their side of the house are determined to persevere in silence , and give a silent vote , I claim , on the part of those English members who wish to speak , that they may retire and meet again ; perhaps the lateness of the hour [ five o'clock in the morning ] may have indisposed them , and prevented them from delivering their sentiments . I hope it is so , for the honour of the united parliament . It therefore must be desirable to adjourn and meet again , when the subject may undergo a full and ample discussion ; for never let it be said that the house assented to so disgraceful a proceeding as treating with contempt the great majority of the Irish nation . I shall therefore move , Sir , `` that the house do adjourn till this afternoon . `` —The question was again loudly called for . .—Sir , I am sorry to find this house so anxious to come to a division on the question . I am also concerned , that , notwithstanding what has been urged by the right hon . gent , who so ably , so eloquently , and so liberally brought forward the claims of the petitioners , the house is determined to meet them with a silent vote . After the very handsome manner in which that right hon . gent . has , on the part of the Catholics , stated their readiness to vest in his majesty the supreme authority of nominating their bishops , I say I should have hoped this house would have gone into a committee . Ireland , however , has nothing to expect from the liberality or justice of the united parliament . [ Here lord Castlereagh smiled . ] I am sorry to see the noble lord laughing . He has , I assure him , not much cause for his mirth ; for there is not an Irish county , town , or borough , that has not rejected him . The Irish people disown him . I should