's Claim for remuneration was clearly made out and established . —Since I have been a member of this assembly , I believe it has never been my reproach that I have been found the champion of needless extravagance , or the advocate of a wanton profusion with the public money . Yet , much as I respect the maxims of economy , I am so far from esteeming them paramount to the claims of justice , that I must rise to give the present ques- 240 tion my decided approbation and support . A great deal of personal acrimony has escaped from the right hon . gentleman ( the chancellor of the exchequer ) and an attempt , rather insidiously , I must think , has been made by him to reduce this question into the narrow shape of a mere party measure . I regret that any thing of this kind has occurred , because in my sincere belief , no case was ever submitted to the consideration of the house , in which party feelings or party canvas has had less connection.—In respect to this case , exclusive of the clearness with which it is made out , I never recollect either to have heard or read of one coming before parliament with stronger recommendations in every respect . In the first place , here is the report of the commissioners of enquiry ; next , here is the report of the committee whom we appointed to investigate its merits ; and , lastly , here are the digested professional opinions of four of the first legal abilities in the kingdom , namely , lord Erskine , lord chief justice . Mansfield , the present Attorney General , sir Vicary Gibbs , at Mr. Adam—all of these strictly corresponding and representing the claims in so strong and positive a light , that it is almost impossible to add any thing in support of their authority.—To appreciate the merits of this case positively , it may perhaps be worth our while to consider it first comparatively , and to take a retrospective glance at contracts which government have been in the habit of entering into with others . And , really , when I survey these on the one hand , and contemplate Mr. Palmer 's agreement on the other , they appear to me so extremely opposite in principle , so strangely different in practice , that I can not reconcile it to my conscience , even to class them under the same denomination . One striking instance of this inequality is manifest in the contracts respecting the Dutch prize ships , where commissioners for ascertaining the value of the cargoes receive often 5 per cent , on the amount , and actually for not doing one single act of benefit to the public ; or in any way whatever deserving such extravagant remuneration . Now , really , when we hear cases like these attempted to be placed in the same scale with Mr. Palmer 's , our common reason is insulted . In most of the contracts hitherto made , the advantages of the contractor arise out of the excess in the gross expenditure , which it consequently becomes his interest to aggravate and in- 241 crease , by every possible means ; while , in this agreement of Mr. Palmer 's , his emoluments are merely to grow out of the net increased revenue of the Post Office in recompence of his plan , whereby the interests of the public are inseparably interwoven with his own.—Sir , I have , in the course of this debate , heard a number of letters read by gentlemen on the opposite side , by way of refutation to the claim ; but , I can not perceive they have any thing to do with the specific agreement entered into with Mr. Palmer ; on the contrary , they appear to me perfectly unconnected with it . If , indeed , they can prove by these letters the failure of Mr. Palmer 's plan , and that the Post Office revenue has derived no increase from his exertions