view , its necessity or expediency . observed , that the former bill having been rejected , a new bill , of a similar description , ought not , according to the ancient usage of the constitution , to be entertained ; and from the circumstances under which this bill had come up , he thought the house ought to make a stand here in support of their own independence , and reject it . thought there was little necessity for combating the arguments used against the bill , as the speech of his noble friend ( the earl of Moira ) who opposed the bill , and the speeches of the noble lords on the other side who also opposed the bill , answered each other . The noble lords on the other side thought the bill would actually destroy the constitution , whilst his noble friend , on the contrary , thought it a measure of no consequence . With this contrariety of opposition , there needed little to be said in support of the bill , which he hoped would now be carried . He could discover no such cause for alarm as that stated by the noble and learned lord , nor did he know to what rumour the noble lord alluded . He agreed with the noble earl ( Grosvenor ) as to the comparative inefficacy of the present bill , and would rather that the former bill had been carried , but he would not run the risk of losing the measure now proposed , by giving any opposition to it upon that ground , or by proposing any alteration in it . He trusted it would now be carried , and there appeared reason to believe that it would be . If it was , he should hail it as a great and a splendid triumph obtained over that secret influence which had existed for 40 years lurking behind the throne , over those secret advisers who had attempted to curb the ostensible ministers , themselves remaining without responsibility . He hoped this had resulted from ministers having assumed courage and spirit to oppose this secret influence . He trusted it had not been the effect of a compromise , in which the justice due to a large portion of his majesty 's subjects had been sacrificed . He trusted that Maynooth college had not been the object of this compromise , and that some of those ministers who had contributed to the establishment of that institution had not consented to give it up as a condition of the compromise . He trusted that this was not the case ; that the passing of the bill was to be considered as fairly resulting from the circumstances under which it was introduced , and that it would not be the only beneficial measure which would result from the enquiries set on foot . supported the bill , chiefly on the ground that he conceived secret influence to have been used in the rejection of the former bill ; and wherever it appeared , he thought it his duty to make a firm stand in opposition to it.—The bill was then read a second time . presented the following Message from the king : `` G. R. His majesty finds it necessary to state to the house of commons , that in consequence of the disastrous defeat of the Prussian arms in the autumn of 1806 , attended with the melancholy death of the 141 reigning duke of Brunswick Wolfenbuttel and the occupation of his territories by the enemy , his majesty 's sister , the widow of that illustrious prince , has been compelled to seek an asylum in his majesty 's dominions : immediately on her arrival in England an establishment suited to her rank , required by her misfortunes , and such as it became his majesty 's affection to afford , was provided out of the Civil List ; but . no provision being made in the distribution of that fund for this unforeseen charge , his majesty recommends to this house to consider of the means of enabling him to