no answer in the speech of the right hon . gent . to a single one of the statements of his hon . friend . The speech of the right hon . secretary at war had consisted principally of a panegyric on great-coats . That the comforts arising from the use of them should be secured to the soldier , he would be one of the last to dispute ; but , on the same principle , great part of the rest of the dress of the army should be abolished . Some of them were dressed in such a manner as to be the ridicule of every person who passed by . Some of the cavalry were seen equipped with immense mulls , caps , or hats , which whether the weather was cold or hot , wet or dry , must be equally insupportable ; others had immense things hanging over their arm , under which they seemed ready to faint with fatigue . Whiskers too , it might be supposed , were extremely comfortable ! He agreed that if a more comfortable great coat could be furnished to the soldier for 16s . 6d . than for 14s . it would be proper he should have it . But what was the position of his honourable friend ? That the soldier had precisely the same coat on his back for 6s . 6d . that he might have for 14s . What greater comfort , then , he asked , could the soldier have in this ? His hon . friend had stated , that one house had furnished at 6s . 6d . the very same articles which he had offered at 14s . 9d . because 1009 he could not get the latter tender accepted of . He agreed , that the commander in chiefought to be consulted , but he objected , that the second order of the treasury should only have been considered by the secretary at war , as a hint as to their opinion on the subject . He was surprised to find , that the right hon . gent . had offered no apology for his conduct ; if so much of the comfort of the soldier depended on his great-coat , and this comfort was to be endangered by the change , in insisting that if his mode of furnishing was not to be followed , the business should be transferred to the commissary general . This shewed but little regard for the comfort of the soldier , that because the change was likely to endanger his comfort , he would give up all controul in the matter . As to the Committee of Finance doing any thing on this subject , he thought , it was in vain to expect it . If the chairman of that committee were a man of iron , if he were to live to the years of Methusalem , from the mode in which that committee was now proceeding , little good was to be looked for . The great-coats might be worn out again and again before any relief would be afforded from that quarter . He should therefore support all the Resolutions of his hon . friend . thought it signified not what was the dress of soldiers , provided they were well disciplined . The dress alluded to by the hon . gent . was adopted in some light regiments of cavalry , in consequence of several Germans having come over to this country , who belonged to regiments that dressed in that way . Such dresses were considered as well adapted to cavalry employed at outposts . The saddles they used were particularly useful on such services . Several Hussar regiments were equipped in imitation of the German cavalry , by , order of the Commander in Chief ; and he did not see that their dress was more ridiculous than the long tails and the monstrous inconvenient cocked hats , formerly worn by cavalry . If the business of providing for the clothing ; of the soldiers was taken out of the hands of the colonels of