And , in fact , if there was any thing like a scarcity in the country , the very words of ministers that night were calculated to spread the alarm and add to the necessity . declared his sincere conviction of the dangerous tendency of the measure which was then before the house . strenuously supported the motion . As an argument in its favour , he asserted that the price of grain was at present higher than in the scarcity of 1795 , and as high as in the scarcity of 1800 , when the distilleries were prohibited . Added to this , we had not at present any prospect of a foreign import ; so that any means that tended to husband our present sources of supply it was adviseable to adopt . supported the measure . The greatest possible calamity that could befal any country was a scarcity of corn . It must be considered , that for the last 18 years a very large importation of that article had taken place , and we ought to provide for the consequences that might arise from our being deprived of all foreign sources . There were already a great number of persons deprived of employ , so that we had need to guard against the additional calamity of scarcity . He knew of one instance , within these last six weeks , where no less than 1000 persons had been thrown out of work from one manufactory alone . He really believed too that the West India planters were a most injured set of people , and that some measure was necessary for their relief . The effect of this present measure would be to relieve both of these descriptions of individuals , and be attended with generally beneficial consequences . spoke against the measure , and stated the average of the price of corn for several years , in order to shew that the supporters of it were not justified in using such arguments in favour of their measure , from the state of these prices . If , however , the house proceeded into a committee , he should then take an opportunity of proposing some alteration in regard to the period . said this measure was expressly recommended by the committee , after an inquiry into the same subject had 448 taken place in 1807 , and therefore it was impossible that they could have recommended one so totally different from the former recommendation , had they not seen that the circumstances of the times made that alteration absolutely necessary . Those circumstances were the changes that had taken place in the foreign relations of the country , which now deprived us of a supply of grain . If we did not want that supply formerly , why did we take it ? If we did want it , was it possible that any ministry could he justified in sitting calmly , and viewing with composure , the consequences likely to arise from the country being deprived of that supply in future . He could assure the house that there was no joking with the belly . Our enemy had aimed two blows against us , in depriving us of the markets for procuring supplies of grain , and of a market for our sugars . He should take a future opportunity of delivering his sentiments at length upon the subject . said , he had sat upon the committee for two months , and could not help expressing his surprise that the noble lord had brought forward such a measure . But unquestionably , this was not a measure of the committee which was instituted for the purpose of proposing relief to the West India planters , as they indeed seemed to be left entirely out of the question . His objection to the measure was , that , as to the West Indies , it was futile , and as to scarcity it was worse than nothing . Our importation of corn had been hitherto more than 700,000 quarters , but he argued that no scarcity was to be apprehended . He should