against all mankind . Will you then , in such a crisis , foolishly and madly depend upon political divisions and religious schisms to prop a falling world ? What is the idea which the enemies of the Catho- 569 lics have of this danger ? why they blacken a few Catholics in this house , and then conceive that divisions are to secure a falling state , and add calumny to complete the fall . Proceed in this course of insanity until you have heaped miracle upon miracle , and folly upon folly ! I know it is the reasoning of many good men , and also of many bad men , to deviate from their usual habits upon questions such as these—In astronomy they will adhere to science , but in religious matters they think themselves entitled to adopt certain privileges over reason and over morals . They disregard the suggestions of one , and disown the precepts of the other—They desert the limits of one world , and fly , but without arriving at the other which they hoped to attain . They fly from all obedience to the moral laws of the universe , and in the heat of their fancy , perverted and phrensied as it is , construct a world of their own , until , callous in the obstinacy of their infatuation , they fix permanently on conclusions which they bring back , and which are pernicious to both , and common to neither , and on these conclusions they lay the foundation of danger—To avert this danger , I propose a measure which I say will produce the desired object of all , and that measure is `` mutual concord . '' I recommend to my own countrymen to associate with their fellow subjects , be they Catholics or not . I would recommend to all classes of British subjects , the spirit of concord and of mutual charity . Banish from your breasts that fatal principle of exclusion , and we may then indeed say , esto perpetua . Release your Catholic brother from that personal degradation which meets him in every walk , which he sees before him daily at his own door , and which he finds illustrated in the expressions , the toasts and the merriments of the upbraiding monopolist—the Catholic deeply feels all these degradations , and therefore let the country gentleman pay due attention to the recommendation which I presume to give . I appeal to another description of persons called Orange Men , to awaken them to their folly , and to recollect in time , that though there may exist such a thing as exclusive religion , there can not he an exclusive allegiance ; these men , if argued with civilly , would feel and acknowledge the difference , and forget every insult they have received . Let government be convinced , that unless they renounce this narrow jealousy , their system 570 will produce in Ireland bad subjects , but worse rebels , easy to conquer , but impossible to govern . If they attend to my suggestions , they may restore not , only good order , but harmony . I appeal also to the government , and tell them , that if they suffer themselves to be overcome by little paltry feelings of anger , which can tend only to irritate and inflame , they will bring the administration into great difficulties , and reduce the country to disorder and confusion . It will then be no justification for them to say , that the people ought not to have felt so strongly , for the blame would be on their own heads . Believe me , the best way to guard the Catholics of Ireland from foreign attachments , is by discouraging religious bigotry amongst the Protestants . The Catholic will never feel the victory , when he finds that bigotry is swept from the threshold of the government . Do not believe the idle tales which tend to calumniate my countrymen , such as their not chusing to live among Protestants , of their refusing to take Protestant