applied to all the mounte- 273 bank exhibitions which saluted the eyes of the public in every street of this city . When government profited by the vices of the country , it was not so zealous in suppressing them . He looked upon these annuities as a moral poison which should not be circulated . thanked the hon . gentlemen opposite for the candid manner in which they had shewn their attention to the plan he had proposed . Gentlemen had talked of the immoral tendency of his plan , and of the effect it would have in changing the character of the country . They considered the purchase of annuities as a vice that ought to be put down . If parents purchased annuities for their own lives to the prejudice of their children , that , be admitted , would be wrong , and ought to be discountenanced . But would it not be proper for a parent to purchase an annuity for his child or for his widow , if the circumstances of his property would not admit of any other provision ? It would be idle to provide small annuities , suppose for servants , or for a widow , on the security of land , when the expences of settlement , and perhaps of recovery , would lender the provision of no avail . No lure was to be held out to any description of persons ; the calculations were founded upon the common principle , and there were every day much greater temptations held out without any security . Instead of having an immoral effect , the plan would afford an opportunity of acting upon the principles of humanity and good nature , in making a provision for friends . He should not be partial to the measure , if it would tend to alter the national character . But upon every consideration he could give it , he found the balance of good greatly preponderate over any evil that might be likely to arise from its operation . He had omitted to state , that one of the Resolutions contained the principle of the calculations , and the scale of purchases , and that they had been framed , not only upon the table of lives , but upon communication with those most intimate with such subjects . It had been said , that the plan would interfere with the operation of the Sinking Fund , but that must have been a mistake ; because , if its operation were to amount to a million of annuity , the whole sum transferred for that would go to the commissioners , and add to the amount of the redeemed stock , whilst the amount of the Sinking Fund would be affected only to the small extent of the additional an- 274 nuity created . The plan might , perhaps , interfere with the letter of the act , but , was certainly within its spirit , and this was one of the cases in which the hon . gentlemen had admitted that the letter might be departed from.—The first Resolution was then agreed to , and the chairman having reported progress , the committee was ordered to sit again on Thursday . , with a view to the more certain and efficient training of the people , proposed an amendment , rendering it compulsory to call out the quotas under the bill as speedily as may be . thought it might be safely left to the discretion of government to carry the training into effect with all convenient speed . He , however , was , willing to accede to the hon . gent . 's proposition , with some verbal amendments . thought the burthen of the training and regimenting too great to impose on the people till there was a prospect of its being wanted . It was the merit of the Training act , that it gave the power of calling out the people when they , should be wanted , and imposed no burthen in the intermediate time . If any hon . gentlemen were so much in love