made in that force by the decay of the spirit which first raised it , and to till up the blanks occasioned by its original failure in particular occasions . The hon . member expressed his conviction that the volunteer system was admirably calculated to do away all internal discontent and commotion , and that in this way it had saved the country from the utmost danger ; but that the slight degree of military discipline required for this purpose was totally unequal to what our present situation required , threatened as we were by the most tremendous military force . The attachment of the noble lord to the volunteer system , now decayed and superannuated , might be harmless in common times , but it was ruinous at present , by consuming the precious time which circumstances allowed for preparation . The danger to which we were exposed , arose not only from the force opposed to us , but still more from our situation at home ; from the strange apathy , the idle confidence , which pervaded this country ; an apathy , an idle confidence , no where so conspicuous , or so astonishing as within these walls . A situation never occurred in history more noble , more conspicuous , than that in which the house stood . The bulwarks of humanity were battered down ; they stood alone in the breach , an awful responsibility lay upon them ; but they had a gallant nation at their back ready to follow every spirited lead , with the more alacrity as it was spirited , but if they were careless and sluggish with regard to such an essential object , what could be expected from the people ? This carelessness seemed to arise , not from want of spirit or activity , but from the contemplation of a calamity against which we saw no remedy , and from which we shrunk as from the contemplation of death . The plan before us offered no refuge from this desperate view ; but 857 that such a refuge was furnished by the plan of his noble friend , which , by raising this country to the dignity of an armed nation , afforded the means , not only of extricating us from our present difficulties , but also of transmitting the constitution unimpaired to our posterity . As no better could be done , he was induced now to support the plan proposed by the noble lord , which by its practical application , and chiefly by its defects , might be the means of bringing the plan of his noble relation into notice . supported the measure , and maintained that any private soldier could obtain redress by an application to his royal highness the commander in , chief . did not mean to impute any thins ; in the least improper to his royal highness , neither did he mean to say that the practice was general . observed , that seeing by the votes of the house of commons , that a measure was in progress there , relative to the Claims of Mr. Palmer , he thought it right to propose to institute an inquiry in their lordships ' house in the mean time respecting those Claims . He therefore moved to appoint a committee to inquire into the nature of the Agreement entered into by government with Mr. Palmer respecting the improvement of the Post-Office , and the causes of the suspension of Mr. Palmer from the comptrollership of the Post-Office.—A committee was appointed accordingly . did not mean to find fault with the Treaty , although probably its policy or impolicy might at the present moment , in a great measure , depend upon circumstances , of which that house could not be informed , and which , indeed , it would not be proper to communicate . He readily admitted that some such treaty was called for by the claims which his Sicilian majesty had upon the generosity and honour of this country . At the same time , however , there were circumstances connected with the state of Sicily