be introduced in a separate bill , and stand upon its own merits . The principle of the present bill was not new , but had already been , twice at least , recognized and sanctioned by parliament . The question was then put on lord Sidmouth 's motion , and negatived ; alter which , the house resolved itself into the committee on the bill . In the committee , a clause proposed by the earl of Moira , for rendering the curates acting under the bill liable to penalties for dilapidations on the vicarage houses , was opposed , on the ground that there was an action at common law in such cases . On a division , the clause was negatived by a majority of 26 to 6.—Another division took place on an amendment proposed by the archbishop of Canterbury , on the clause calling upon the bishop when assigning to any curate the allowances under this bill , to assign the reasons on which he interfered . His grace stated , that though the bishops were by the constitution responsible to the king , as the head of the church , they were not under the controul of the privy council . It was therefore unconstitutional now to subject them to the authority of that tribunal . The amendment was supported by lord Hawkesbury , and 1095 opposed by the lord chancellor , who , though he allowed that the bishops were in ordinary cases responsible only to the crown , maintained that when extraordinary powers were given to them by the legislature , there was a right in the legislature to regulate and controul the exercise of those powers . On the division there appeared , For the amendment 15 ; Against it 16.— Alter some further conversation on the provisions of the bill , it passed the committee without any amendment . rose , and repeated his objections against inserting in this act the Grant to the college of Maynooth , and that to the East India company . The change in the amount of the former grant , he saw no reason to justify . It was a deviation from the principle upon which the grant had first been made , and upon which it had been augmented in the last session of parliament . He wished to learn from the noble secretary of state , by what inducements government had been led to diminish the grant , and thus depart from the principle which had first suggested it to the adoption of government , and the sanction of the last session of parliament . That principle , the world knew , was the principle of so far conciliating the catholics of Ireland . acknowledged , that the grant had in some measure been diminished ; but it was upon an understanding that no larger a sum should be granted I than was necessary to complete the buildings that were then commenced at this establishment . It was originally intended that accommodation should be provided for a certain number of students ; but when it was proposed to carry that accommodation to an unlimited extent , it was thought proper to stop at what was first , conceived to be an adequate provision . reprobated the idea of circumscribing the privileges and powers of that house , by conforming to any understanding that might be supposed to have been agreed to in another place . There was no end to the extent to which such a mode of reasoning might be carried , if it was sufficient to say , that upon an understanding between ministers in another place , such and such a measure was to be 1096 adopted and inserted in the Appropriation act , thus attempting to deprive their lordships of the exercise of their judgment on such a measure . disavowed any such design on his part , and only adverted to the principle upon which the measure had ; elsewhere been adopted , and not to any particular understanding between individuals of his majesty 's government on the subject.—The bill was then reported . inveighed against the principle