as to form the most proper tribunal for judging military cases . But he considered it as a defect , that the legal officer who attended to do justice between the prosecutor and the crown , in the management of the prosecution , was , in fact , an officer of the crown . The power of that officer ought , therefore , to be under proper guards . He admitted , that if no abuses had existed in consequence of the right of revision , it would not have become him to propose any alteration in a system of things so long established ; but he feared too many instances had occurred , that would go to justify the proposition he had to submit to the house . When he first had the honour of a seat in that house , a paper was laid upon the table , relative to the proceedings of a court martial , whose sentence , had been changed from a sentence of acquittal into a sentence of censure . He adverted also to a recent case , that of the hon . Cochrane Johnstone , in which that gallant officer had been honourably acquitted , and yet in consequence of that right of revision , that gallant officer was passed over in a course of general promotion , and all his professional prospects and hopes closed and blasted for ever . He did not mean to deny the undoubted right of his majesty to employ or to dismiss what officers he pleased . But when a Court Martial was employed , it was right that its decisions should be carried into effect , or proper reasons be given to the contrary . He adverted to the superior situation of the Navy on this head , and cited the case of captain , now sir Isaac Coffin , tried at Halifax by court martial , and ordered to be dismissed his ship . The Admiralty assumed the right of dismissing capt . Coffin from the navy altogether . But capt . Coffin appealed by memorial to his majesty against the decision , and the Judges to whom the matter was referred , consisting of persons not inimical to the crown , among 813 whom were lord Kenyon , lord Lough-borough , sir James Eyre , and sir Francis Buller , reversed the decision of the Admiralty , and re-established the right of capt . Coffin to be employed in his profession . He saw no reason why a similar controul and revision should not exist in the army . The special duty of military officers to the crown , and their looking for promotion to the crown only , devoted them particularly to the crown , and rendered their decisions at least not properly open to be enforced in rigour by the crown . He then adduced the case relative to the Perthshire fencibles : a charge had been brought against some subalterns , who , after a long and impartial trial , had reason to expect ( and it was publicly expected ) that they would have been honourably acquitted , but from that day to this no man could say he had official knowledge of that sentence , for it was totally suppressed , and there was great reason to suspect , that that suppression was owing to the great interest exerted on behalf of the colonel who had brought the charges , and whose character would have been seriously impeached in the acquittal of the accused , and the manner of that exculpation . He asked , then , if a system so liable to abuse did not imperiously require parliamentary interference to correct and improve it ? He submitted , then , to the consideration of the house , with great humility , the following motion , which had long occupied his most serious attention . He moved , `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill to expedite the decisions of Courts Martial , and to prevent any undue interference in impeding or delaying the result thereof . '' represented that the measure proposed could not possibly