which he dispatched to Tippoo without their knowledge.—Some of the communications made by the nabob through Tippoo 's ambassadors were for the purpose of apprising the sultan , that he was suspected by the British government of carrying on an improper negociation with the Mahrattas , of advising him to suspend his plans until a more favourable opportunity occurred , and of recommending him to be more guarded in his intercourse with the French ; and we must not forget , that Tippoo had , on his part , sent ambassadors to France and to the Mauritius , in order to prevail upon the French to afford him military assistance . What then , asked the hon . member , are we to infer from the secret meetings of the nabob with the ambassadors of Tippoo ? —From the communications made only under a solemn oath of secrecy ? From a cypher evidently intended , if not for hostile , certainly for political , purposes ? And all this at a time , when , it would be recollected , that Tippoo was endeavouring , by every means , to unite all the Mahomedan princes in Hindostan for the avowed purpose of expelling the English from India . But was this the extent of the nabob 's treachery ? By no means ; for we are informed , that in a conversation held by Mahomed Ally with one of the ambassadors , the nabob reprobated the war carried on by lord Cornwallis , as a war undertaken for the subversion of the Maho- 383 medan religion ; by that war , Tippoo was reduced in power , wounded in pride , and he determined on revenge ; he , therefore , determined to support the faith , and to exterminate the Infidels , meaning the English . With such feelings on his mind , what was the language of the nabobs of Arcot , the allies of the Company . It will be found in one of the letters from Umdit ul Omrah , which contained this remarkable passage , which he desired might be repeated to the sultan : 'In the preservation of thy person , is the perpetual permanence of the faith.—Let him not remain who wisheth not thy preservation . '—The hon . member thought no man would be bold enough to assert , that the nabob would have ventured to have submitted that letter to the inspection of the Madras government ; and yet there were persons disposed to offer an excuse for every act of perfidy in the nabob , and to brand with odium the British name in India . In his opinion , however , it was enough , that the correspondence found at Seringapatam was secret , and that it had been carried on by the nabob without the knowledge and consent of the British government ; for his part , he thought that no impartial man , who had perused the letters which were submitted by the nabob to the inspection of the Madras government , and had compared them with the letters which were found at Seringapatam , could lay his hand on his heart , and pronounce that correspondence to have been innocent ; —the fair presumption was , that it was of a nature hostile to the British interests , it certainly was a violation of the treaty of 1792.—With this impression on his mind on the subject of the nabob 's conduct under the treaty of 1792 , he should trouble the house with a few words with regard to the policy adopted by the British government on the discovery of the violation of that treaty . In the first place , he would remark , as a general principle , that the policy of some arrangement similar to that which has recently been adopted in the Carnatic , could not be doubted by any person who had looked into the papers.—As far back as 1774 the inconveniences and dangers resulting from the system of the nabob 's administration , had been often experienced by the government of Madras , and as often represented to the court