the public ; and that he ( the Secretary at War ) therefore hoped , that their lordships would not force the mode of supply of clothing by public contract . It appeared then , that though the Secretary at War thought it necessary to have those communications with the duke of York , yet that he , at the same time , admitted the power of the lords of the treasury , independent of the wishes of his royal highness . The hon . member next referred to a letter , dated 8th Feb. 1808 , addressed to the Secretary at War , with respect to another offer for the supplying great coats to the army by public contract.—The hon . member proceeded to state , that no sooner had Mr. Pierce received an order to furnish great coats at 16s . 16d. , than he set off to a slop-seller of the name of Dickson , and bargained with him to furnish them at 13s . 6d . or 14s . This was a fact which could not be got rid of , and which he was ready to prove at the bar of the house . The loss 1006 to the public by this bargain , in one year , was no less than 30,000l. , even on the supposition that Dickson furnished the coats at only 2s . 6d . less than Pierce 's contract . —He should now beg leave to state a few words on the general clothing of the army . He was as reluctant as the right hon . gent . opposite ( the Secretary at War ) could be to break in on any of the privileges of colonels , but he could propose a mode of saving to the country without making any alteration in their situation . When ha stated the saving that might be produced from a change in the mode of contracting for Army Clothing at 100,000l. , he found on a closer examination of the subject , that he had greatly under-rated it . If a committee were to be appointed , he should have no difficulty in shewing that instead of the price paid by colonels of 1l . 13s . 9d . for coat , waistcoat , breeches , and shoes , these articles could be furnished of the same quality for 1l . 7s . 8d . being a difference of 6s . 1d . on each suit , or of 76,041l . a year . Mr. Pierce stated , that for ready money he would give a discount of five per cent . The contractor gave six months credit ; so this would form a deduction of two and a half per cent , and would reduce the saving to the public to about 68,000l . He could shew that there would be a saving on every cap of at least 1s . which would amount to about 12,500l . making together about 81,000l . On accoutrements , supposing them to last five years , there would also be a saving of about 12,000l . making 93,000l . and the annual saving on great coats , amounting to about 8000l . would produce a total of 101,000l . ; all this , too , independent of the whimsical and absurd dresses used in many regiments , which seemed calculated for no other purpose , than to excite amusement , if not ridicule , in the public . He was convinced , when every thing was taken into computation , that he might estimate the saving , instead of 100,000l . at 200,000l . If he were to go to the opinions of those who had been in the service of army agents , and to adopt their tone , he should say , that it would even amount to 400,000l . For that , however , he could not vouch ; he only gave the story as he received it . It was , however , he understood , no unusual thing for army agents to receive several hundreds a year for recommendations to particular regimental contracts . He should conclude with