on a former occasion , that the declaration of the noble secretary of state , might prove more correct than the report which he had taken upon himself so positively to contradict.—To justify a measure of such severity , it was absolutely necessary to shew that it was occasioned by an antecedent aggression on the part of Denmark ; for it would not be contended , that the seizure of merchant ships and of commercial property , was called for by the urgent and imperious duty of self-preservation ; but it had been distinctly acknowledged that on the part of Denmark there was no hostile aggression , and the difference between the present case , and all others which preceded it , consisted in the absence of that which had been the immediate cause , and which had solely and exclusively constituted the justification of every similar measure . True it was that the king of Prussia at the commencement of the seven years war had entered Saxony , when there had been no public act of aggression on the part of the elector ; but he found in the palace , of Dresden a copy of a treaty , the known existence of which had occasioned his irruption into the electorate , and which was of itself a sufficient cause of war . It was also well known , that lord Chatham quitted the councils of his sovereign in the year 1761 , because his colleagues refused to concur with him in advising his majesty to proceed , without a formal declaration of war , to acts of hostility against Spain : but lord C. proceeded upon intelligence ( which was afterwards verified ) of an agreement on the part of that country to make common cause with France.—From the uniform tenour of our history it would be found , that such measures as those of the 25th of Aug. and 2d of Sept. were 305 never resorted to , unless they had been preceded by a real or supposed cause of war . The capture of the French ships in 1756 , and of the Spanish frigates in 1805 , were preceded by causes of war , the legitimacy of which has never been questioned , however the latter measure might have been censured on other accounts . The cases of Prussia and Holland had been mentioned : but previous to the detention and seizure of the merchant ships of the former power , she had actually received from France , whilst at war with Great Britain , the dominions of the elector of Hanover , and had excluded all British vessels from her ports ; —and with respect to Holland , it was only necessary to refer to a few dates to shew that our measures of hostility towards that country were neither marked by precipitancy nor injustice . On the 18th of Jan. 1795 , the French army entered Amsterdam . On the 19th , the revolutionary committee dismissed the established magistrates , and took on themselves the provisional administration of affairs . On the 30th , all ships and property belonging to enemies of the French republic were ordered to be seized and confiscated by a decree of the French commissioners confirmed by the provisional government of Holland . On the 9th of Feb. orders were issued by the British government for the provisional detention of Dutch ships and cargoes.—At the commencement of the year 1801 , orders were issued to detain , provisionally , ships belonging to Russia , Sweden , and Denmark ; not , however , till the conduct of the government of each of those countries had afforded a legitimate cause of War : but in that case , lord Sidmouth stated , he was one of those who had concurred in advising his majesty not to issue orders for general reprisals ; and accordingly the ships and cargoes so detained , were not condemned as prize , but were all restored upon the re-establishment of peace . Lord Sidmouth said that some noble lords , who were then his colleagues , would admit that the beneficial effects of that conduct