confound two things and ascribe to the enforcement of the Orders in Council a consequence which has resulted from the violation of them . To all these questions , sir , I am fully sensible that I depend solely on the courtesy of the right hon . gent , for an answer ; I have always felt that I did so on former occasions . It appears to me , that it is for the convenience of the house of commons , that questions should be thus asked and thus answered , on subjects which might otherwise form the ground-work of separate discussions . I beg , therefore , that I may not be under- 1046 stood to be arrogant by this mode of proceeding . I will now therefore go on , sir , to observe , that the right hon . gent , must know , that the pressure arising from the stagnation of trade , has produced symptoms of disturbance in some parts of the kingdom . I wish to touch on this subject lightly . I am aware that it is one not at all calculated to produce alarm , but very much calculated to produce commiseration . No one can doubt , sir , that every disposition to tumult , however excited , must be repressed ; yet some distinction ought to be made with reference to the cause . Without entering into a more minute explanation , I may be allowed to express my hope , that his majesty 's ministers will keep this consideration in their view ; and that in any steps which the public good may render it necessary for them to take , they will exercise their power with lenity , where they perceive that the circumstances which call for the exercise of that power , arise out of the depression of commerce ; that they will afford all possible relief , where relief can be afforded ; and that they will not attribute the conduct which may demand their interference , to any other motives but those which I have already mentioned.—So much , sir , for the internal relations of the empire . I will now proceed to the external relations , and hope to receive an answer to such of my questions as can be answered with propriety . They will range themselves under two heads ; Sweden and America . And first , with respect to America , I wish to know , as far as it can be disclosed with discretion , what is the real situation in which the British and the American governments stand with regard to each other . If , sir , I may trust that channel of information which is alike open to every man , the public papers , I see that congress has been prorogued for the session , but that the embargo still continues . Thus it appears that one of the effects anticipated from the Orders in Council has failed . England holds out ; America holds out ; nor does there appear any probability of a relaxation on the part of the latter.—With respect to the Expeditions which are about to sail , I neither wish to know nor ask their destination ; nor were I to make the enquiry , would the right hon . gent , be justified in satisfying me . I hope that their object has been well considered ; I am sure that they are under the command of able and experienced officers ; and I trust that the result 1047 will be glorious and useful to the country But , sir , I can not avoid remarking , that a British Expedition has for a long time been lying idle in the ports of Sweden . This is a point on which I wish for explanation . That expedition also is commanded by an officer of distinguished merit , and the public approbation fully justified his appointment to a situation of such critical responsibility . At the same time , sir , I must observe , that the accidental presence of that officer in England to take the command