barrier to confusion in the order of succession to property , and that we should not follow the example of a neighbouring country , whose laxity in that respect was of a pernicious tendency . conceived the noble lord as most illiberal in his observations on this and other discussions of a like nature , and was convinced there was not one noble lord within the four corners of the house , who did not think so . , considered the language used by the noble lord as most unparliamentary , and tending to prevent the freedom of debate . The question had been naturally introduced by the motion for reading the bill , which proposed an indemnity to persons who had offended against the Marriage act . Besides , he protested against the doctrine that no law was to be amended , nor any new one introduced , without subjecting the person so introducing the measure to the imputation of acting with evil designs against the constitution . If such doctrine was once introduced , the liberty of speech would be destroyed , and some noble lords would perhaps be intimidated from doing their duty.—The bill was then read a second time . observed that this oath did not apply to the trial of misdemeanors , and that in ninety-nine cases of misdemeanor out of a hundred , in the court of king 's bench , the defendants were not present at their trials . resumed and observed , that , the noble and learned lord on the woolsack , only made parentheses in his own speeches , but the noble and learned lord who had just sat down made parentheses in the speeches of other persons . said he considered himself as appealed to by the noble earl . continued his argument . Would the noble lord say that it was consonant to the constitution , or to the common law of the land , that a person ought to be imprisoned for a misdemeanor , before he was found guilty of the slightest offence , and that he should be kept a prisoner till the trial , which his prosecutor might delay as long as he pleased ? It was a great hardship in the law that a man should be kept in prison on suspicion . Suppose he could prove an alibi , how was he to do it when in prison ? He might know where the persons to prove it were to be met with , but not know their names , so as to enable others to come at them for the purpose of his acquittal : and the learned lord who was so fond of parentheses in other men 's speeches , well knew 418 that a man not guilty of any crime , might be imprisoned for more months than the judges might punish with days another person who was found guilty.—What was the enactment of Magna Charta ? It was 'that no freeman should be taken orimprisoned but by the lawful judgment of his peers , or by the law of the land . ' He should be glad to know from the chief justice of the king 's bench , if an information , filed ex officio by the attorney-general , was a judgment of a man 's peers , or of the law of the land ? To require bail , in all cases of informations ex officio , would be to make a law which fell heavily only on the poor , who were seldom able to find bail , and then , though ever so innocent , they must suffer imprisonment , perhaps to an indefinite length of time . The rich could always procure bail , so that it would but little affect them , which would be making a most invidious distinction between the two orders of persons ; whereas the house ought to watch carefully over the rights and liberties of the poor , to give them all the advantages of the law , and to amalgamate as much as possible the difference and distinctions which fortune had placed between them.—The noble earl