Committee of Finance now made to the house , he had only to say , that it was less satisfactory to himself , than the report which a few days since he had hoped to lay upon the table of the house ; and if gentlemen should be disappointed by its contents , he could assure them he had expected a few days since to have presented a report in a shape which was consistent with his own wishes . Some alterations , however , had been made in passages of that report , and some omissions ; but he did not mean to complain of that . It might have arisen from a smaller number of the members having attended towards the close of the session , than in the earlier part of it , when the original form of the report had been agreed to . Such a circumstance was incidental to all large assemblies , and without complaining of it , he stated the fact only for the guidance of the house , when the question concerning the revival of the committee should come under their consideration . Whatever might be thought of the report which he had presented , he had acted under a sanction of the majority of the committee present when it was finally voted . Upon the whole , however , it would be found to contain much useful information , and many suggestions that would be productive of public good . At all events , he was happy that this part of the labours of the committee had been brought to a termination . The hon . gent , then concluded by moving , that the Report do lie on the table , and be printed . coincided with the hon . gentleman in every thing he had asserted , with respect to the assiduity with which the hon . gentleman and the other mem- 1100 bers of the committee , had discharged the trust committed to them . He should have confined himself to this Corroboration of the statement of the hon . chairman of the committee , if he had not felt it necessary from what had fallen from him on other topics , to add a few observations in order to obviate any misconception with regard to what had passed in the committee . The hon . gentleman had stated , that some passages of the original report prepared by him had been altered , and another left out . As to the alterations , he should observe , that when the report had been first proposed to the committee , most important differences prevailed respecting several passages in it , and one passage had been carried in that instance only by a majority of one . Upon that occasion , notice had been given , that , on the second reading of the report , a stage understood on all hands to be designed for a revision of the report , an alteration would be proposed . Some alterations were on that occasion carried by a small , others by a great majority of the committee , and others again unanimously , and this at a meeting called by the chairman in the regular way , and acceded to by those present when the adjournment of the proceedings was proposed . At a meeting so adjourned , the amendment to which the hon . gentleman had alluded , had been carried . The other passage to which the hon . gentleman had alluded had been left out of the report . From the importance which the honourable member attached to these passages , the house might suppose that they were of very great consequence , and from what had been insinuated out of doors , it would seem as if the committee was disposed to screen public delinquents . But the house would be surprised when he explained to them the real state of the case . The original report stated , if not in terms , at least in substance , that all sinecure places ought to be abolished , with few exceptions ; and the amendment