after all the expences I had been at in England , in pursuing this cause , were paid out of the grant , to divide the remainder , upon the principle of a general average ; by which means I shall probably not retain more than two or three thousand pounds exclusive of the demands I have cancelled on this property . It has been erroneously stated that captain Robinson got no remuneration from the crown ; that fact I deny ; he received all his expences , which he stated at 6,000l . Now if the treasury , instead of granting me a warrant for 25,000l . with a lien upon it of captain Robinson 's expences , had , independant of the one third share of the joint concern which was condemned to him , granted him a warrant for 6,000l . cut of the sum which was forfeited to the crown , then not one word could have been said upon the subject . From this statement I hope the disposition of the treasury will be considered just ; it restored 752 to me part of the remains of my wrecked fortune , all earned by my own exertion , and not taken from the fund or exertion of any individual whatever . To you , sir , and to the house , I return my most sincere thanks for the patient indulgence I have experienced ; and I trust that , in retiring from this house , which I believe to be the invariable practice for members in my situation , the hon . gent . will not again accuse me of absconding from justice . asked the hon . mover , whether he meant to bring a charge against sir Home Popham or the government ? put it to the house , 'whether there could be a doubt that the motion , as it was worded , conveyed a personal charge against , sir Home Popham.—Sir Home having retired , complained of the manner in which the hon . gent , had brought forward this charge against the treasury . If the hon . gent , would prefer a distinct charge against himself , he should always be ready to meet it ; if against his late right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) , there were others in the house much better qualified to defend that illustrious and lamented character than himself . Of many of the circumstances mentioned by the hon . gent . he was perfectly ignorant until the agitation of this subject . He was ignorant that any charge of smuggling had been imputed to the hon . captain , for no such charge had been made in captain Robinson 's memorial ; he was ignorant that the hon . captain had pleaded in bar to an action , the illegality of the transaction in which he had been concerned . The hon . gent , declared that this was a misapplication of the public money , and that his principal object was to prevent a recurrence of that misapplication in future . He then proceeded to state , that the hon . captain had deceived the treasury , and had acted under that delusion . This he positively denied . The treasury had not been deceived . He was willing to take the whole responsibility of the affair on himself ; for on the closest re-examination which he had been able to make of the subject , he was satisfied that the treasury had acted on the soundest principles ; that they must have done what they did , even to an indifferent person ; how much more to a man so well known by the services he had rendered to the public ! What was the case ? After a litigation of ten years , a part of the property was restored to the neutral proprietors ; a 753 part was allotted to the captors ; apart was forfeited to the crown by the laws securing the monopoly of the East India Company having been violated . But who were the sufferers by this violation ? the East