house wanted an example , he would call to their recollection the mutiny at Vellore . It had always been the sentiment of lord Cornwallis , that it was only by moderation and justice that we could ever expect to render our dominions in Asia secure , and prevent those passions and heart-burnings which so frequently occurred in those distant possessions . entered into a defence of the government of India , in depriving the nabob of his dominions ; because he had shewn a manifest disposition to favour and aid the French . The greatest abuses , he said , existed in the Carnatic . The hon . member then went so far back into the history of the Carnatic as the year 1768 , and pointed out such abuses as he thought rendered the interference of the India government highly necessary . He spoke at considerable length in exculpation of the noble marquis , and in favour of the previous question . He enumurated the important services he had rendered his country , which were manifest 772 from the documents upon the table of the house , and he was convinced that from a fair consideration of the subject , the house must acquit the noble marquis of the criminal part of the charge . He contrasted the conduct of other governors of India , who had returned with unstained character , with that of the noble marquis , and contended that he , as well as they , was entitled to the approbation of his country . He was well persuaded that no other measures than those adopted by the noble marquis could have secured the fidelity of the nabob of Arcot ; and he thought , from the peculiar circumstances of the country , he was fully warranted in the line of conduct he pursued . Any body who could trace the origin of our connection with the nabob , would observe that the actions of the noble marquis were marked by a degree of prudence and firmness highly becoming his situation in India . confessed he had little to say upon the general merits of the subject , after it had been so fully discussed by several gentlemen on both sides of the house ; but as he understood that there were many other gentlemen who were anxious to debate the last Resolution , as well as himself , he should propose , from the lateness of the hour , to postpone the further discussion upon that branch of the question till an early day.— [ A cry of go on ! go on ! ] — The hon . gent , resumed , by observing , that the question , as it at present stood , was reduced simply to , whether in his conduct the noble marquis was actuated by a sense of justice , of necessity , or of policy . The hon . gent . then entered into a history of the interference of France , by sending agents to Tippoo Saib , which was held by the governors of India as a ground for their interference in the affairs of the Carnatic . He detailed the gradual series of encroachments made by the British government in the affairs and territories of the nabobs , until the period that we in fact assumed the sovereignty of their territory . In our first intercourse and treaties , we had considered that power as a principal ; but at length , by our unjust encroachments , we became in fact ourselves the principals , and reduced them to the situation of vassals to ourselves . We deprived the sovereign of all his political consequence , and of the power he originally possessed . Such conduct on our parts might be reconciled to our policy , and those principles of aggrandizement which characterized 773 all our acts of interference with the native powers of India , but it could neither be reconciled to principles of common justice or the law of nations . Although he admitted there were some irregularities on the part of the nabob , yet we ought to adhere in some