noble and learned lord on the woolsack thought what was assigned in the preamble a sufficient reason , he would produce his own expressions , not in that house , while in debate , but in an act of parliament of his own framing , which would give the lie to the reason mentioned in the preamble of this blasted bill brought up from the house of commons . That house ought to be reprobated for sending such a bill ; it was as contemptible in its formation as it was wicked in its principle . The noble lord commented upon the similarity of title of this bill , and that of the 26th of the present king , which was produced from the infamous bill of Pepper Arden . This act of the 26th had not continued for many years when the noble and learned lord thought proper to introduce another bill , which also passed into a statute , and in the preamble of that statute it was expressed , that great grievances to the subject and a loss of justice had been occasioned by the former one . Now , the present bill said that great convenience and benefit had resulted from the former as well as the latter . He considered it as an infringment of the liberty of the subject , and one which deserved the utmost reprobation . He was surprised at the indifference shewn by that house upon such an important change being made in the fundamental laws of this realm . When he looked round the house , and saw , on all sides , the benches deserted upon such an important occasion , he could not avoid making one observation , that if any business had been transacted there , which might excite some curiosity about the father of a child ; of 543 if it occasioned the presence of a beautiful young lady , their lordships ' benches would have been as full as they could be crammed . He did expect some answer would have been given to the strong arguments of his noble and learned friend , but he supposed they were unanswerable.— Upon the motion being again made by the lord chancellor , rose , and expressed the utmost astonishment that no answer should be given to what had been stated by his noble friends . It was unparalleled in the history of this country , that so great a change should be made in the law of the land , without any necessity or reason but those stated in the preamble . His lordship here , with great eloquence , urged , as he had done on a former occasion , the danger of altering our laws , generally , for the purpose of obtaining the convenience of extraordinary laws made for the revenue . There were objections made by him and his noble friends which had not been answered , and in such an important change of those laws which had been handed down to us from our ancestors , and which attracted the admiration of mankind , it was requisite , he thought , that some necessity for such a change ought to be shewn by those who defended it . For his part , he considered it his duty to give a most decided opposition to such an innovation , he saw no necessity for the measure ; and he thought there would be considerable difficulty in convincing him that there could be any necessity for this dangerous alteration . If the bill did not alter the law , but enacted what was already enacted , it was absurd , ; and if the alteration was made , he could never assent to it , unless he was persuaded there was sufficient necessity for that alteration . A division took place on the question for going into a committee , Contents , 15 . Non-contents , 6 . Majority , 9 . The house then went into a committee . Upon the first clause being read , said , that although he much commended the conduct of his noble friends , who had