tell the Catholics , therefore , that , at the present day , they consider such contracts in a spiritual light , is to insult their understanding , and to upbraid them with the disbelief of that system to which they fell victims.—The next point to be considered is with respect to excommunication . In the first place , they say that marriage is a temporal obligation—excommunication a spiritual one . They further say , that excommunication has not been urged with reference to any legal or temporal consequences , but that Catholics have enjoyed all the privileges of life , and in these cases are denied nothing but the sacrament . In some letters which I have seen annexed to a very able produc- 556 tion in the shape of a pamphlet , the work of a learned gentleman of this house , to whose labours and information his country and ours are equally indebted , * to the charges of the Catholic clergy claiming a right to tythes—that they deny the right of the Protestant clergy to tythes—that they claim legal existence for a Catholic establishment , and that they exercise the right of excommunication in all temporal cases—the most positive and unequivocal denial is given . They deny that they have ever resisted the right of the established church to claim tythes—that they have claimed an exclusive establishment for the Catholic church—they do not deny that taxation to the Protestant clergy is founded in justice , and for the truth of these denials , they appeal to their fellow-subjects in the most solemn manner , and profess their readiness to swear to the facts . As to excommunication , that they say , is confined entirely to the Bishops , and declare they have not claimed nor exercised any of these powers imputed to them by their adversaries . In one of their principal dioceses , that of Dublin , I have the authority of Dr . Troy , the titular archbishop , to say , that in the course of 19 years , the time in which he has filled that see , only two instances of excommunication have occurred ; and that during the time of his predecessor , Dr. Carpenter ( 17 years ) only the same number took place . I appeal to the good sense and judgment of the house then , whether the power of the Pope , in regard to excommunication , can be looked on as dangerous.—Now , then , with respect to the other side of the question . It has been argued , and with much force , that the power of the Pope in the nomination of bishops may be considered of a dangerous tendency . With respect to this power , the Catholics themselves nominate the Bishop ; the Pope gives him a spiritual capacity . If gentlemen think this a dangerous power , why then , I have a proposition to make , a proposition which the Catholics have authorized me indeed to name—It is this : `` That in the future nomination of Bishops , his majesty may interfere and exercise his royal privilege , by putting a negative upon such nomination ; that is in other words to say : that no Catholic Bishop shall be appointed without the entire approbation of his majesty . '' * Sir J. C. Hippisley , M. P. author of a work intituled , `` Substance of Additional Observations on the Catholic Question . '' 557 The house will be aware of the benefit of such a proposition—of the desire of the Catholics to conform to the government of their country , for this would effectually prevent the appointment of any Catholic Bishop to the head of his church , who was not politically approved of , by the government . If it be true that Bonaparte has controul over the Pope , the Pope over the Catholic Clergy in Ireland , and the Catholic Clergy over the laity ; why then it follows , that Bonaparte has controul over a very large proportion of the British army and navy . It is for this reason