, and petitions to parliament on the subject . then gave notice , that unless some other person should offer a motion to the house founded on the Report , he should do so in proper time . brought in a bill to encourage the residence of Stipendiary Curates . would be glad of a provision that would secure even the residence of Curates ; for the only object of many of those who possessed a plurality of livings , was to get the duty done as cheaply as possible . The Clergy Residence act had in a great measure failed from the facility of procuring licences . He knew an instance of a clergyman who had two livings in different parts of the country , who procured an exemption from residing at any of them ; from the one upon a certificate that the country did not agree with his constitution , and from the other because the country did not agree with his wife.—The bill was then read a first and second time , committed and reported . having maintained , on a former night , that the interest and sinking fund for the sum wanted for the service of the year , might be found without imposing any new taxes on the subject , had to propose certain Resolutions with a view to that object , which he hoped the house would allow to be laid on the table , and to be printed , in order to their being taken into consideration on a future day.—On the suggestion of the chancellor of the exchequer , it was agreed , that the Resolutions should be read , and the debate arising on them adjourned to Friday fortnight.—Several Resolutions relating to the amount of Supplies voted , the surplus of the Consolidated Fund , & c. were read and disposed of accordingly , but on a Resolution proposing the sale of some parts of the Hereditary Revenue of the crown , stated , that it was contrary to precedent that the house should interfere with the hereditary revenue of the crown , without the authority of a special communication from his majesty . said his majesty had not been consulted . proposed to reconcile this 62 proposition to the forms of the house , by making it the subject of a recommendation , or in some other way , so as to have it brought under the consideration of the house . hoped the hon . gent . would withdraw his motion . It was quite improper to think of interfering with the hereditary revenue , without his majesty 's permission , intimated either by a special message or by his confidential advisers . refused to withdraw his motion , and thought the difficulties of form ought to be accommodated rather than made a bar to the consideration of a proposition , the object of which was to save the subject from any additional burthens this year . As certain property , such as warehouses and legal quays , had been purchased by money from the Consolidated Fund , and vested in his majesty , so he thought parts of the other property of the crown might be granted for the service of the public . He did not mean to touch any property essential to the dignity , splendour , or comfort of the crown . The property he alluded to consisted chiefly of detached houses and small pieces of land in Piccadilly , and other parts of the town , to the sale of which he could not see any good ground of opposition . He would give a schedule of this property in due time . It consisted , first of property attended with constant loss ; secondly , of trifling rents , which had constantly declined in value from the time of Philip and Mary , when they were worth 5,100l . to the present time , when they were worth only 1500l . and still falling off ; thirdly , of detached houses , such as he before alluded to . This species of property was unavailable , either to the dignity or