that he as expressly answered `` he had no further intelligence `` to give . '' Assuredly here is convincing proof that the hon . gent . 's memory must either have failed him wonderfully at the time his evidence was taken , or that it must have played him a slippery trick upon the present occasion ; the hon . gent . has no alternative but to sacrifice one of his contradictory assertions to the other , and in either case I consider his misfortune as very much to be deplored.—It has been suggested , that some portion of the Post Office Revenue has arisen , since 1793 , from circumstances independent altogether of Mr. Palmer 's Plan ; and it seems in consequence apprehended , that a larger remuneration may be granted than Mr. P. 297 is fairly entitled to.—In reply to this objection , I beg to inform the house that the Committee fully took into consideration the amount of encreased revenue which arose from other sources than those of Mr. P. 's creation , and that they made every allowance and deduction on that account before they presented their Report . As to the repeated argument in respect to the amount , if the Claim is established in point of justice , I must again insist that its magnitude ought to be no argument against its entire fulfilment ; it is an argument which encreases our demerit , whilst it adds to the amount of Mr. Palmer 's Claim.—Sir , I shall detain the house no longer ; there is no argument to reply to , only mis-statements to correct ; the claim of this gentleman is indisputable ; you have already recognized it ; the sense of the house has been taken on it ; to-night I am well assured it will be again expressed with similar , or encreased effect.—I have never given a more conscientious vote than the one I gave on the same occasion . I shall repeat it to-night , confident that the independence of the house is with me , and the sense of the country no less so . was surprised at the inconsistencies of the gentlemen on the opposite side ; for instead of arguing on the bargain , which they all admitted , they flew to the misconduct of Mr. Palmer while in office . The impropriety of Mr. Palmer 's conduct in office he was not a supporter of , but he would submit , that the conduct in office had nothing to do with the original bargain , and ought not to interfere with the present question . Why did they not meet it when it was before the house for the first time , and put a stamp on it ? That would have shewn the public Mr. Palmer had no claim ; but instead of doing so they gave it a half assent , a half dissent , and at last threw it by and got rid of it by moving the previous question . There had been a vast deal of obloquy thrown on the Report of the Committee ; he saw no argument adduced to warrant it . He believed the Committee consisted of as honourable and as good men , without exception , as the house could produce . He could not pass over the subject without saying , that the Committee had been hardly used . argued , that the opinion of the Committee was not entitled to much credit , because the evidence upon which that opinion was formed was not given ; and that the question having been 298 decided by a former house of commons , should be considered as having been set finally at rest . —Sir , I have examined the merits of this case , and bestowed the greatest attention upon every argument brought forward , both for and against Mr. Palmer 's Claims : and so far from their having shaken , they have confirmed the opinion that I before entertained , of the justness of Mr. Palmer 's demands.—Sir , when I observe , upon the one hand , the greatness