formidable army now encamped at Boulogne , the danger was less imminent , or the purpose of the enemy less certain . But , for his own part , he was convinced , the more time the French emperor took in preparation , the more certain was our danger ; because the greater would be his power , and the more 948 mature his plans . Having now conquered or humbled to his purpose almost all the powers of the continent , and having no diversion to apprehend from thence , but , on the contrary , the means of all the continent superadded to his own , there was not room left for the slightest doubt of his long-threatened and immoveable purpose , to concentre all his means , for the purpose of adding this country and Ireland to the number of his conquests . It was consequently the duty of the government to make every possible preparation . He entered at considerable length into a review of the different means to increase the number of armed men in these , kingdoms . He was glad to find his noble friend had , in addition to the General Militia and Volunteer systems , and the Local Militia , determined to retain also the Training bill in England , as a part of his plan ; but he could see no just reason why the principle of the Training bill should not be carried into operation also in Scotland , as well as that of the Local Militia ; or why any difference in this respect should be made between the two countries . When he had the honour to introduce the Training bill in 1802 , he included Scotland . With respect to the principle of militia force , he owned that he should prefer a much greater limitation of that force , and an enlargement of the force for general service , both in Great Britain and Ireland , who might be interchanged as occasion required , and continuing the training system to the utmost extent , so as to keep a trained force always prepared , in case of emergency , to join the army ; the men thus trained , to be termed the Army of Reserve , or any other appropriate title ; but in case of actual emergency , he was confident resort must inevitably be had to some sort of conscription , by ballot , or otherwise , as it would be useless to depend upon voluntary enlistments to fill up the ranks . He was apprehensive that much confusion would arise from carrying on at the same time the two ballots for the General and the Local Militias , which could not be prevented without the utmost care of the parties to whom the business should fall . He answered some comparisons which had been made on a former night between the different systems of discipline in the British and French armies ; and he gave a decided preference to the former . Upon the whole , he thought , that under the operation of the various plans on foot for increasing the number of armed men in the country , 949 the numerical force was carried to pretty nearly its utmost pitch ; and he was also glad to find that the regular , militia , and volunteer forces of the country had attained to a pitch of numbers and discipline beyond any thing that was ever thought of . It was by sedulously keeping up this system of force and discipline , under judicious commanders , added to the native valour of the people , that we must place our sale hopes of security ; so that when an enemy such as we had to contend with , should view with a soldier 's eye the extent and disposition of our force , and see that we were well defended at all points , he would naturally decline to meddle with a country so circumstanced , and which , he must see , he could not touch without burning his fingers . But , of the intention of the emperor