once begun , he was convinced the system would go on . These eight houses would not be the last . When on a former evening he made use of the word favouritism he did not mean to imply that any political favouritism was shewn by the Crown Surveyor ; but he certainly did mean to say , that an improper preference was likely to be given by that person , and that some individuals nearly connected with him were to obtain that preference . It was no excuse to say , that persons whose political opinions did not accord with those of that gentleman , were also to obtain grants of the same kind . The object of his motion was the production of the correspondence between Mr. Fordyce and the lords of the Treasury , for the purpose of procuring their consent to the leases which he was about to execute . Should the correspondence be granted to him , it was his intention to follow it up by an address to his majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to leave Hyde Park in its present state . seconded the motion . He censured the plan of curtailing Hyde Park ; but if the measure was persevered in , he wished the chancellor of the exchequer would include him among those to whom lots were to be given . observed , that no ground had been laid for the motion , and that it would ill become the house to interpose between his majesty and the exercise of one of his undoubted rights . It was to be presumed that on this occasion he would act with the same beneficence and conscientious regard to the interests and convenience of his subjects that had marked the whole of his reign . There was no reason to suppose his majesty would make any improper grants . The plan , in fact , had not yet been submitted to him . It was only a few days ago that it was laid before the Treasury . With what propriety , therefore , in this stage of the business , could the hon . member call upon the house to interfere ? There was no intention to convert the Park into a town , and for any purposes of sordid gain to turn that which was now used for recreation into streets . Such a project would meet , and deservedly , with general reprobation . But he could not 1124 see upon what grounds that house could call upon his majesty to refrain from the moderate exercise of an undoubted right . As to favouritism , he would assure the hon . gent , it was not intended to give an undue preference to any person . The grants were to be the subject of fair and open competition ; and they who might succeed in obtaining them , would find , that they occupied the most expensive houses , by far , in the metropolis . As he had before observed , no case had been made out , ' and he must , therefore , oppose the motion . contended , that this was a subject , of all others , fit for the interposition of the house , and that this was precisely the moment when it should interpose . The plan , it appeared , was almost completely arranged , and if the house did not address his majesty now , they would have no other opportunity of doing so . By the time they next met , the houses probably would be half built , or , at least , so far advanced as to render it impossible to discontinue the plan . Against the plan he must enter his protest . He was not quite sure that his majesty possessed the right of disposing of the park in the way proposed . It would be a satisfaction to him to know how the crown and the public stood in that respect , and whether it had not given up the right which it was now intended to assert , in consequence of