a circular letter to 113 stop the increase of the Volunteers . The idea of binding the volunteers to compulsory service was too ridiculous to be heard with patience . He had , on a former occasion , recommended to the militia and volunteers , a Spanish proverb which says , 'defend me from my friends , and I will defend myself against my enemies . ' It turned out in fact , that both Volunteers and Militia suffered more from their friends opposite , than from him who was called their enemy . He proposed that the Volunteers coming forward after a certain time , should serve without pay ; and he believed , that was the object of the noble lord 's proposition on this head now . The noble lord thought he did a great deal when he made a great bustle . Or rather , he wished to appear to do something , and for that purpose set about undoing what was already done . His plan had been to increase the army by rendering the condition of the soldier attractive to the respectable population . The noble lord proceeded , not by raising the situation of the soldier to the condition of the people , but by debasing the people to the level of the soldier . He contended , that besides the bad effects of 28 days licence , under officers having no controul , many persons who had nobody to attend to their daily business in their absence would be ruined . On a former occasion he recommended a general fine ; for the liberty of getting substitutes had before raised the bounty to an enormous height . It was an oppressive feature of the present bill , that it prevented the alleviation of the burthen that might fall on the individual , by insurance . If the bill was allowed to operate in its present state , thousands must be crushed under it like grubs ; and all this mischief was to be incurred to indulge the noble lord in an army of red coats and breeches . It was very absurd to accuse him and his friends of want of regard for the interest of the country , because they attempted to correct the faulty measures proposed by his majesty 's ministers . He , on the contrary , thought the country was strengthened by pointing out and correcting these weaknesses . It was said , the Volunteers had no objection to be converted into Local Militia , if their officers were enrolled in their respective ranks . He objected much to this general enrolment without any regard to qualification . It was no recommendation to him that the magistrates approved of the bill , not even that the deputy lieutenants , or the lords lieutenant approved of 114 it , considering who had the appointment of the lords lieutenant , and the recent appointment the noble secretary had made of a person connected with himself , and wholly unconnected with that county , to be lord lieutenant of the county of Norfolk . The number of officers , and clerks of division , and subdivision , which this measure would require , would extend the influence of government , or that of those upon whom government had influence , throughout the country . The mischief of this influence was , not only that it corrupted the public mind extensively , but also that it unsettled it still more . He appealed to all who had ever filled offices with patronage annexed to them , whether the effect of seeing a friend or a neighbour provided for by a place , was not to lead away many others from the slow advantages of industry , and to inspire them with a desire of the same easy provision . How extensively would this bill operate in this way , providing every where so many employments , at the disposal of those who were at the disposal of government . The noble lord never wished his stream to flow through a dry and sterile soil ; he generally took care to direct it