parliament , the people did not care one farthing.—As to the means of our defence , too many there were who looked to British fleets as impregnable bulwarks against the enemy 's designs ; but history furnished many instances to shew , that a reliance solely upon such a security was dangerous in the extreme . He instanced the case of the French fleet and army , consisting of 13 sail of the line , and as many frigates , with 300 transports , and 40,000 men , which sailed from Malta in 1798 to attack Egypt , and although admiral Nelson was in pursuit of them , and 951 so near that his fleet passed their sternmost ships in the night , yet they were able to effect their landing , and take possession of the country.—It would be recollected , that at the time that lord Bridport was before Brest , a French fleet went out of that harbour , ran up into the Mediterranean , touched at Cadiz , and returned to Brest without any loss , and carrying in the Spanish fleet with them : it was but the other day that the Rochefort squadron left that port , sailed up the Mediterranean , went to Corfu , did the business upon which it was sent , and then arrived at Toulon in safety . In neither of these cases was the slightest blame to be attached to the officers who commanded ; but , from the difficulties of the service itself , it was utterly impossible to prevent the recurrence of such things . We knew the formidable power which was opposed to this country , and the formidable mode in which that power was usually applied . The French government had called out and selected all those institutions which could best promote the great object which they had in view . They had completely adopted the old Roman principle , of making use of the armies they had conquered . It was , therefore , impossible to calculate the number of soldiers which France could collect from the extensive regions under her influence , for the invasion of this country . The great means of attack were principally derived from the adoption of this principle . There was another strong feudal principle which had been revived by Buonaparte , that of giving fiefs to his generals and officers in the conquered countries . If an invasion were successful in this country , or rather in Ireland , we might depend upon seeing the same system realized , that was acted upon at the Norman conquest . Nobody should flatter himself that it would be possible , after an unsuccessful campaign in this country , to patch up any kind of peace with France that would preserve property in its present channel . The victorious armies would be distributed over the country to colonize the soil that they had conquered.—Had our navy not been in the state it was , this misfortune might have fallen on the country before now . It therefore became wise and prudent statesmen to consider of such measures , that if ever out navy should be inferior to the enemy , as it was for a short time during the American war , or in case any accident should befal our fleet , either from conflagration or tempest , such accident should not leave 952 the country without defence , or give it up into the hands of the enemy . The game that was now playing was altogether in favour of the enemy ; for this country was contending for its last stake , while its enemy was exposed to no such risk . Suppose an army of the enemy to be landed in this country , and beaten , what would be the consequence ? It would only be that their army would surrender , that its officers would be treated with kindness , as we always did treat officers who were prisoners , and that the surrendering army would only give us a number of prisoners to be maintained at a great expence . The loss of