the hon . gent , these could not very easily have been made previous to this period ; but Mr. Drummond had declared that the greatest exertions were making in Sicily ; and he might be the more readily depended upon , as he went out with an inclination to think that they would scarcely act with all the requisite energy . As to the number of troops , it was judged necessary to fix the minimum , which was 10,000 men , but there was nothing to prevent us from sending more , if that should be judged proper , and more there actually were at this moment . thought the answers satisfactory . He was of opinion , however , that the specific provisions for the defence of the island , ought to have appeared on the face of the treaty , in a manner more full than they actually did . admitted that the answer to the first question was satisfactory , and was glad that a Russian and not a British commander had been guilty of that most impolitic , absurd , and pernicious act , the forcing of Naples into the war at the time she had concluded a treaty of neutrality with France . He , however , saw no reason why we were to have the controul of two forts in the island and not of the third and most important . He thought we should have had an option of putting our garrisons in which ever of them we pleased , or in all . stated that we had , and should have , the controul over the third ; but that the provision respecting the two was adopted with a view to the number of troops we could furnish . He also observed , that the duties paid by our soldiers on certain articles of provision in Sicily were to be drawn back in the payments to be made under the treaty . had heard a great deal more importance attached to the third tortress than to those of Messina and Augusta , as being more directly in the line of the place , where an enemy from the opposite coast could soonest reach . He certainly thought , therefore , that the stipulation ought to have been express for our occupying this fortress . said there was a provision in the treaty that appeared to bind us to restore Naples to the king of Sicily at a peace . He was sorry for this : because , as we wished always to perform our engagements , we ought rather to promise less than more than we could do . This was not , perhaps , the meaning intended ; but it might bear that construction . stated that there could be no doubt as to the construction of This article , as it was the amendment of that one which had last year been objected to , precisely on the ground mentioned , that it might bind us to more than we could perform . Still if we could restore Naples to the king of Sicily , we should be glad to do it , although we could not enter into any engagement to do it . objected to the practice of granting money , as appeared to have been done here , without the matter having been regularly before parliament , which had a right to examine into the grounds of giving away their money , and the manner in which it was expended . He also thought , that a treaty of commerce ought to have accompanied this engagement . The omission of an opportunity to do that , while we were giving away our money , might be felt in the case of Sweden , with respect to which perhaps , we might be involved in great difficulty about our Orders of Council . stated that the account of the disposal of the money had been always laid before parliament , though the thing , he admitted , had not been done in the most regular way.—The Resolution was then agreed to . objected to the mode