lord Walsingham , and lord Auckland.—Lord St. Vincent 's Annuity bill was read a 3d time and passed.—The Admiralty Jurisdiction bill passed through a committee , and was reported.—Petitions were presented by the duke of Clarence , and lord Hawkesbury , against the Slave Importation restriction bill . The 2d reading of the bill was fixed for Wednesday , for which day the lords were ordered to be summoned . The Petitioners to be heard by themselves or their counsel against the bill on the second reading.—Lord Sheffield presented a petition from several merchants and others against the American Intercourse bill . The deputy usher of the black rod , appeared at the bar , and required the attendance of the house in the House of Lords , to hear the royal assent given by commission to certain public and private bills . The speaker accordingly attended , accompanied by several of the members , and , on his return , informed the house that he had heard the royal assent given by commission to the 3 millions Exchequer-bills bill , the Customs duty , Exports and imports , Appraisement duty , and several other public and private bills.—Sir J. Anderson obtained leave to bring in a bill for amending an act of the 43d of the king , for preventing the damaging of raw hides and skins in London , Southwark , and for 15 Miles round.— Mr. Byng brought up a bill for embellishing the area of Bloomsbury square ; which was read a first time.—A new writ was ordered for the election of a member for the county of Chester , in the room of W. Egerton , Esq . deceased.—On the motion of lord Temple , the house resolved itself into a committee on the Tortola Free Port bill . In the committee , lord Temple proposed a clause , permitting the importation of sugar into this country from Rhode harbour , in the isand of Tortola , to the amount of 4500 hgs- heads annually . After a conversation , in 1031 the course of which Mr. Rose , Mr. Perceval , lord Castlereagh , and Mr. Johnstone , opposed the clause , and lord Temple and Mr. Vansittart supported it , a division took place , when there appeared , for the clause , 31 ; against it , 19 , Majority , 12 . Their lordships proceeded to Westminster-hall at 10 o'clock , and returned about 4 . An order was made to proceed further on the trial of lord Melville on Thursday . rose pursuant to notice , and said , he was fully aware he could not do justice to the cause he undertook ; but he could not refrain from recommending the postponement of the second reading of the bill , until the petitioners against it could be heard ; he observed , that , perhaps , petitions of greater importance , or more respectably signed , had never been presented to the house . The petition of ship-owners of the port of London , not only remonstrated against the general discretionary system of relaxing the navigation and colonial law , but it also stated the deplorable state of the shipping trade , and prayed that they might be heard in proof thereof . He observed , that there was not the slightest proof before their lordships , of the expediency or necessity of the measure ; for he could not believe , that any attention would be paid to the stories that 15,000 slaves were starved in consequence of the navigation laws having been enforced . He then said , that judging from the declarations and conduct of the noble patrons of this bill , he thought himself justified in pronouncing that their great object was to prevent their lordships receiving any information , or going into any enquiry or examination ; but if their lordships did not refuse to give time for the presenting petitions , and if they did not refuse to hear how the people were aggrieved , they would find it proved at their bar ( and he pledged himself it should be proved )