have been relieved of 200 millions capital , and 8 millions a year permanent taxes ; and therefore there was no difficulty in agreeing to his noble friend 's system of war taxes , for the purpose of preventing the accumulation of our debt . maintained , that notwithstanding every thing which had been endeavoured to be argued to the contrary , the noble lord had certainly violated the principle of the constitution of this country , as established in the system of proposing 628 to the house of commons the ways and means of the year ; because he had proposed the ways and means before the amount of the supplies were known , which must be the case until it was known what our army was to be . It was said , that the produce of the war taxes were so appropriated , that they could not be diverted from their intended purpose ; but it was not so in point of fact ; for as to appropriation , the moment these taxes were voted , they were as much under the will of the lords of the treasury , and at their command , as any other sum of money voted by parliament for the public service ; and therefore this measure , as far as it went , was a direct violation of the constitutional principle , which provided that the ways and means should not be voted until the whole of the supplies were known ; and this was done without any ground whatever for it . These ways and means should never be voted before the army estimates had been voted in a committee of supply ; it never had been done in any instance since the revolution . He must repeat , that the thing was never attempted before , since the revolution , except in the instance quoted by the hon . gent . who had just spoken , and which he stated to have taken place on his own motion in 1802 , which ought not to be considered as a precedent , for it was a thing of which the house did not happen to take a proper notice , and it was hardly right for the hon . gent . to be the author of a bad precedent ; and this shewed the propriety of the house never enduring the same unconstitutional measure again ; and this was all he should say on that head , except expressing a hope that such a thing would never be attempted again by any minister . As to the taxes , he desired to be understood as not intending to throw any difficulties in the way of government ; for he had no wish to oppose one of them , nor should he do so when the bills were brought in ; he thought it right , however , that the noble lord might hear what he had to say upon them ; then he might turn them in his mind in the course of their progress , and judge how far any of his arguments ought to have any weight . In the first place , the tax on wine , he was confirmed , would not produce what it was estimated at . It was proposed to be made permanent for the war by Mr. Pitt ; but he did not apply it to the payment of the interest of the debt , altho ' he considered it as made permanent as a mere war tax ; it had increased at first , but had fallen off ; and he was aware it would not 629 produce what it was taken at . He spoke from documents which could not mislead him on this subject ; he believed , that instead of taking it at 500,000l . it would be wiser to take it at 300,000l . The tax on iron was one which Mr. Pitt had in contemplation ; but it would have the effect of diminishing the produce of other articles . He spoke on this subject from the best information ; for he had , under