not unfair in argument , therefore , to assume the omission , to state what amounted to an admission , that it was not so . As to what had been said of the effect of the chief justice prejudging a case from the discussion it might undergo in the Cabinet , that would apply equally to all magistrates , who first examined then case by the testimony of witnesses , and afterwards sat at sessions . With respect to the authority that had been so much relied on , on which the hon . member had laid so much stress , viz . the quotation from Mr. justice Blackstone , the whole of that passage was part of a longer one , which Mr. justice Blackstone , when he copied this passage into his work , understood it in the sense in which the hon . gent . represented it , the theory was ingenious , but it did not practically apply to the circumstances and constitution of this country . As to all that had been said with respect to the impropriety of any persons being admitted into the Cabinet besides the chancellor and the ministers of state , who held executive offices under the crown ; and that those should not be called to that council who might be summoned for advice this day and not the next , it seemed to him like raising up shadows for the purpose of fighting them . There is one case in which the situation of the chancellor cuts in more nearly with that of the chief justice . In the case of a petition of right , where a sub- 296 ject is the claimant against the crown , he has to decide , and yet is never suspected of acting under any bias . In the case of the trial of peers also , he has great powers for according in the present practice , he invariably acts as lord high steward . During the sitting of parliament , his powers are more limited , he acting only as speaker , But in the recess he pronounces the law in every instance . Before the 7th of William III . the lord high steward had extraordinary powers indeed , having to summon at first only sixteen peers , though afterwards twenty-three . The peers act as jurors , and he explains the law precisely as the lord chief justice does . This had been the uniform practice , and yet no gent . had yet been found to get up in his place and say that this practice was an evil that ought to be got rid of . He admitted that it was better to look for precedents in modern times , though he would not allow , that no instance was to be taken antecedent to the time of the 1st of George III . to shew the non-existence of that jealousy , which , in the present circumstances and times , began to display itself . In the reign of Edward III . an act was passed , directing , that . the chancellor and the king 's chief justice should be near his majesty , in order that he might not want the advice of the sages learned in the law . However , it was better to refer to modern times . He believed lord Hardwicke , whilst chief justice , had a seat in the Cabinet . He did not state this as a matter that could be proved , though he had it on the authority of persons on whose veracity and accuracy placed the greatest reliance . By this it appeared , that that noble and learned lord had not thought a place in the Cabinet inconsistent with the duties of his judicial office . Lord Mansfield too , for whom he had a high veneration , though he could not accord with his principles in every instance , had continued to sit in the Cabinet whilst chief justice from 1757 to 1765 . He too did not think the situations incompatible . It was to be recollected too that