country , if after the abandonment of its present system , and before the complete development and success of the system of the rt . hon . gent . any exertion of such a nature should become necessary ? At the beginning of this war we raised not much less than 80 , or 100,000 men by the operation of the ballot . The ballot has its evils ; granted : but we must have the men . And the problem which the rt . hon . gent . has to solve , if he does his duty , is not the getting 972 rid of grievances only , but the getting rid of them without impairing the safety of the country . He tells us confidently his plans will do this : give them time , and they will work to this end . But of this the house ought to he well convinced , before it consents to adopt them , or at least before it consents to make Way for them by a sacrifice of every thing which is now established . The rt . hon . gent . is bound therefore not only to assert , but to prove , and the house is bound to wait for the proof , that his plan are thus all sufficient . Nay , if he were to shew to demonstration that the chances of success were as 99 out of a 100 in his favour , the house , in my opinion , would not be justified in accepting his plans , and placing their entire and exclusive reliance upon them , unless the rt . hon . gent . had also shewn with the same certainty , how that hundredth chance , if it should turn up against us , was to be provided for.—Even if it were possible , ( which I doubt ) , and probable , ( which it certainly has not been shewn to be ) , that the military service of this country could be carried on wholly on the rt . hon . gent 's . principle , yet surely one might well question the wisdom of a public declaration , and a legislative enactment of so great and hazardous an innovation ; one might well question the policy of holding out to general detestation all those modes by which the ranks of our home-service have hitherto been filled , and to which , after they have been thus proscribed , who shall guarantee us against the necessity of recurring ? And with what an addition , with what an unnecessary and gratuitous addition of hazard and difficulty should we , under such circumstances , be obliged to recur to them.— Undoubtedly , in applying to a free country the principle of compulsory service , some of the difficulties which the rt . hon . gent . describes as attendant upon its operation and impeding is effect , have been , and , I trust , will always be , experienced . I trust they always will , because I prefer that compromise in favour of freedom , to the more direct and effectual operation which the rt . hon . gent . describes as taking place in despotic countries , and to which I very much apprehend it is the tendency of that rt . hon . gent 's . plans , ( if we trust to them exclusively , and if they fail ) , to drive us at some moment when we may be least prepared for it.— But the principle itself has been admitted in all states , and under all constitutions . It has been acted upon in this country in all times , and even in good times , with much greater strictness and severity than is now in 973 any man 's contemplation , or , greater perhaps than would now easily be borne . If any exception has been taken to the manner in which this principle is laid down in the levyen-masse bill , which passed at the beginning of the present war , ( and some such exception I known has