, nor lord Oxford , who presided at the Admiralty , could in the right hon . gent . 's sense of responsibility be deemed responsible ; yet the house of commons never hesitated to consider them as equally answerable for that measure with their colleagues in the government . The right hon . gent . has admitted that any privy counsellor is liable to answer for the advice which he may give to the crown ; but be can not by such admission exempt those privy counsellors who are avowedly selected , habitually to advise his majesty on the current affairs of his government , from that general responsibility which results of course from their being charged with the duty of giving that advice constantly and systematically , which other privy counsellors are in the habit of giving only oc- 328 casionally , if at all . Independently , however , of the application of the right hon . gent . 's argument to the present question it of no small importance that the country at large , and that Europe should be informed , whether the Cabinet council generally , with the noble lord ( Grenville ) at its head , is to be considered as responsible for all the measures of government , or whether those alone Who carry into execution the respective acts are answerable ? It is right that it should be distinctly understood , whether the only security we have for the administration of foreign affairs on wise and sound principles is the right hon . gent . himself ; whether the military system of the country is exclusively committed to the separate responsibility of the secretary of state for the war department , and whether the first lord of the treasury 's responsibility is in the present administration , to be really viewed upon all questions not immediately relating to his own immediate department , in no other light than in that of an ordinary privy counsellor ? If the right hon . gent . has failed in divesting lord Ellenborough of the responsible character of a minister , summoned as he is acknowledged to be habitually , and not occasionally , to the deliberations of the Cabinet ; it he has failed to disprove the obvious inconveniences , to say the least of such an union of incompatible functions , in the same person , which must perpetually compel him to abandon his duty either as a Minister or as a Judge ; if he has failed to produce either from precedent or analogy any adequate arguments to sustain a practice so obviously injurious ; as little has he succeeded in establishing any sufficient ground either of expediency or necessity to justify , in the instance immediately before us , the adoption of a measure , which is open on general principles to the strongest objection . And first , as to the necessity of it . Admitting , which I am perfectly ready to do , the personal qualifications of the individual for such a confidential trust , will the right hon . gent . contend , that without recurring to the King 's Bench , it was impossible for them to form their government ? Will he maintain that at least , adequate qualifications for the Cabinet might not have been found in some other quarter ? I am certainly not one of those who have discovered that the present administration comprehends all the talents , all the experience , all the respectability , or all 329 the virtue of the country . But , would it not , on the other hand , be to disparage them unjustly , to suppose that this comprehensive Union of Parties , did not in the whole extent of the various connective of which it consists , afford the means of supplying lord Ellenborough 's place , leaving him at liberty to pursue the duties of his own high situation ? Can the right hon . gent . in justice to his own chancellor assert , that without the introduction of lord Ellenborough , the Cabinet would hay been destitute of adequate legal