been arguing against some speculative measure which he apprehended might at some future time , be brought forward , than against the present bill . He conceived the bill to be founded upon the soundest principles of legislation . What could more forcibly demonstrate its necessity , than the indemnity bill which parliament had passed year after year , for the purpose of indemnifying the governors of our West India islands for suspensions of the navigation act which were found to be absolutely 1035 necessary for the support and well being of the colonies ? And was it not more constitutional , and more becoming the dignity of Parliament , that What was so found to be necessary , should be authorised , in certain cases , according to the discretion and under the responsibility of the executive government , than that violations of the law should continually take place , and the persons who infringed the law be as constantly indemnified ? If , according to the argument of the noble duke , our West India colonies could be supplied by the mother country in time of war , how would such a mode of supply operate ? There must necessarily be a heavy expence for insurance , besides other expences , which the merchant exporting must pay out of his pocket , and which , by rendering the commodity dearer , would ultimately raise the price of the produce of the colonies , to which such commodities were thus carried . On the contrary , by importing directly from America to the West Indies those articles which were necessary for the food of the inhabitants and the cultivation of the soil , none of these extra expences ensued , they were obtained at a cheaper rate , and were paid for in the manufactures of this country , thus equally promoting the sale of our manufactures and the comfort and the cultivation of our West Indian possessions , and increasing the produce of those islands . He did not believe that any nursery for our seamen would be affected by the bill ; but if any seamen were thrown out of employ , there was a sure resource for them in the royal navy , and at a peace this trade would be again open to them for employment . professed himself by no means convinced by what had fallen from the noble lord who spoke last . With respect to the colonial system , which formed so important a topic in the present discussion , he thought the great advantage of possessing colonies , was the enjoyment of an exclusive trade with them ; and which privilege in the mother country was but just and right , in return for giving them birth , and subsequently supporting them ; a principle which in the former discussions of this subject , bad not been sufficiently attended to . The argument , that the provisions and articles required could be had cheaper from America , did not appear to him to be conclusive upon the point . He would admit the application of the noble earl 's remark , that our seamen might be increased by the consequences of the measure ; but no farther than in the 1036 first instance ; prospectively , it would tend to diminish the number , by destroying , so far , a nursery for seamen . He supported the arguments of noble lords on his side of the question , with respect to the great commercial magnitude of the subject , and particularly as it regarded the concerns of the shipping interest , who , he trusted , would be heard by their council . He expatiated upon the great importance of the shipping interest , as the principal support of our foreign trade , being its necessary carrying medium , without which the manufactures of the country could not find their way to other countries . In short , the shipping interest was the vital principle of our commerce observed , that if he understood the bill rightly , which , however , he thought very plain , none of the