been desirous of examining the parties brought before them on oath ; which , however , it was found they were not legally authorised to tender . It was suggested then , that the parties might be examined upon their voluntary oaths ; but , on consultation with eminent law authorities , it was found that this mode also was objectionable . The present bill , therefore , only called upon the authority of parliament to invest the commissioners with power to administer oaths for the purpose of their enquiry , and to render parties swearing falsely liable to punishment for perjury . It was not because the company wished any sanction from parliament to the authority of the commissioners to enquire , for to that they were already legally authorised , but with a view to procure for them such authority as should best tend to obtain that justice : not to evade the payment of debts justly due , but to separate just claims from fraudulent ones . The hon . gent . had said , his hon . friend had not voluntarily undertaken this business , but had been induced by importunity to bring forward this bill . It was certainly true , his hon . friend had expressed great unwillingness to interfere in this business , lest he should be deemed an interested party ; but his known talents , good sense , and integrity , made it extremely desirable that a person of such a description should take an active part in the business , and he was induced by earnest entreaty to forego his scruples , and assume the part he had taken with so much advantage to the object proposed . In no instance had he betrayed the smallest inclination to precipitate the bill ; on the contrary , he had set out with declaring his wish , that every member in the house should have the fullest information on the subject , and the fullest time that could be desired for considering it ; and he was convinced , that if the hon . member now wished to postpone the further proceeding on this bill to a more distant day , his hon . friend would concur with the utmost readiness . described the purview of the bill , in the same light precisely as the last right hon . gent . He said that , 764 with a very considerable portion of just claims in this case , there was blended an enormous one of unjust , unfounded , and fraudulent claims ; and it was for the purpose of enabling the Commissioners to discriminate , that the bill was desired . The discharge of the just debts would be productive of important advantages to the company , and it was , therefore , desirable to ascertain them , in order to a speedy settlement ; and , with respect to the apprehensions expressed by the hon . member , that those debts might ultimately form claims upon parliament , the idea was unfounded . The debts were charged upon the revenues of the Carnatic ; whatever those revenues annually produced over the interest , would go to a sinking fund towards clearing off the principal , and when that-was paid off , the whole revenues would revert to the company . Best observed , that the deed for the settlement of the claims under consideration , was so contrived as to hold out the prospect of doing too little , if any thing , for these who had equitable claims , and of doing too much for those whose claims were fraudulent . Many of the demands under consideration were , he contended , completely illegal , as they referred to sums lent against a positive act of parliament . said , that after the statement made by his right hon . friend ( Mr. H. Addington ) it was scarcely necessary for him to animadvert upon the charge preferred against him , as a commissioner , for having introduced this measure to parliament . The explanation which his right hon . friend had given , he trusted , would