have opposed . The noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , in every successive instance , assured me that he would not consent to any motion fur Indian pa- 493 pers , without the addition of this clause . So I submitted to his power against my judgement ; because otherwise none of the papers I moved for would have been granted . Since that , the practice has prevailed and gained ground ; and , if it be not effectually resisted now , will never be disputed hereafter . A discretion to judge of the extent of the obedience due to an order of this house is said to be necessary to be lodged somewhere out of the house , for fear of prejudice to the public service . By whom is this discretionary power contended for ? By the ministers of the crown . In whose hands is it to be vested ? In the same ministers . And who is to judge , or indeed who can possibly know , whether the discretion , so claimed , be really and bonâ fide title governed , in its application and exercise , by its own pretended principle ? Are there no other purposes , to which such a power limy be applied ? What check have you over it ? In what form is discretion to be controuled ? By what evidence can it be convicted of a criminal abuse ? The circumstances must be flagrant indeed , in which a guilty intention can be brought borne to any man , whom you leave to his judgment , and who says he has acted to the best of it . No reasonable man would deny , nor in fact was it ever disputed , that cases are possible , in which a general order may include some particular papers , or passages , which , for the public service , ought not to be disclosed . But are the same ministers who are to execute the order , the proper persons to be consulted , in the first instance , how far they ought to obey it ? Is it to be left to them to frame the order upon themselves with such qualifications perhaps , as may enable them to defeat the intention of the house , to suppress the most material evidence , and make it impossible to convict most notorious offender , while the very persons , who do all this , are sheltered and screened from detection , by their own exceptions grafted on an order , which they ought to obey without reserve ? The true parliamentary principle , and which in fact has governed the practice of the house of commons until very lately , was stated to you last night by one of the most virtuous and respectable members that this house possesses ; I mean the hon . representative of Yorkshire , whom I am sorry not to see in his place . He said that the course to be observed in the supposed case , as it always had been , was , not to trust ministers with the previous right of selection ; but to 494 oblige them to come to parliament and state the fact ; if they thought that any papers , included in the general order , contained matter of information , which the house itself would not think it right to divulge . Undoubtedly , sir , such cases of necessity require confidence in the executive government . There must be a discretion confided somewhere ; and , if the house of commons does not think this or that ministry fit to be trusted with it , they ought not to suffer such persons to be ministers . A reasonable and necessary confidence would not be withheld . On that side there is no danger . But let it never be forgotten that jealousy of ministers is a prevailing and almost a fundamental principle of the house of commons , and that confidence in them is , in almost every instance , nothing more than a specific exception to the principle . This general reasoning