. gentleman , in most of the positions and conclusions which he has laid down , it is not my intention to resist the introduction of any of those bills of which he has given notice , and which are calculated to develope the system which he has this night opened to the house ; neither is it my intention at present to follow him through the details of his long and elaborate statement . Future opportunities will be afforded , better adapted for such discussions . It is impossible , however , upon a subject of such importance , more especially after the manner in which it has been treated by the right hon . gentleman , to suffer the present question to be put , without troubling the house with some general observations on the outline of the proposed alterations in the military system of the country.—The declaration with which the right hon . gent . commenced his speech , viz . that the state in which he found the military establishment , on coming into office , was such as to leave him no other alternative but to occupy himself with its immediate revision , has left me no other choice but to intrude myself on the attention of the house ; and as an aggravation of this provocation , he has chosen to attribute the surprize expressed by several of my hon . friends near me , as well as myself , on more than one occasion , at the yet unexplained and unintelligible delay which has occurred in the production of his scheme , to a consciousness on our part that the military defence of the country was left by the late government in a state so defective , as to demand , not only a systematic but an immediate reform . So thoroughly convinced am I that the assumption on which the right hon . gent . proceeds is wholly destitute of foundation , that I must beg leave briefly to state to the house what the actual state of the military establishments was when they passed into the hands of the new government . Having preceded the right hon . gent . in the situation he now fills , and having under the superintendance and guidance of my late right hon . friend latterly administered the war department of the government , I feel it due not only to myself but to the house , to bring before them such a statement of the actual situation in which we left the public force , as may enable them to judge as well of the truth of the charge which the right hon . 690 gent . has ventured to make , as of the necessity or expediency of the change which he has thought fit to propose . I am additionally impelled to do so from the anxious desire I must feel to discharge what appears to me a duty to my late right hon . friend . To no subject had his attention and exertions been more anxiously directed during the latter years of his public life , than to the formation of an improved military system , adapted to the exigencies of the times in which we live . It is impossible I should not feel an attempt to depreciate and unjustly to degrade every thing he had done with this view , as a heavy censure against his government , and a most injurious reflection upon his memory . In this , as in every leading feature of his political life , his fame will , I am sure , be found inseparably interwoven with the best interests of his country ; it will be impossible for the right hon . gent . to wound the former without exposing the latter ; and I am convinced , more especially on a subject which for such a space of time continued to occupy the undivided attention of his unerring mind , that I shall also best discharge my public duty by yielding to the desire I personally feel to have his exertions in the public service fairly understood , and appreciated