respect to the voters , and would rather have the law as it was , than agree to pass the bill with the amendment . thought that , however the bill might be disguised , its effect would be , to diminish the number of voters , and for that reason he would oppose it . said that his objections went to the principle of the bill ; and as to the recommitment , there was only one clause in the bill , and that one involved the principle itself , He was against it therefore , though he believed the right hon . gent . could have no motives in this business except such as were pure and honourable . said he had no personal interest whatever in the bill ; as , in the place he represented , the law on that point was already settled , and he only wished to extend the benefit of it to all parts of the country . He would rather give up the bill altogether , than have any new doubts started on the law . He stated before , that he did not object to the candidate providing carriages , but the giving of money for that purpose . This bill was no more than explanatory of the act of William III . and he thought if it should be rejected , it would be right , for the purpose of ending all doubts , to declare , that the candidate should in future pay the conveyance , as well as the expence of travelling . thought that the amendment would alter the principle of the bill considerably . Carriages were to be allowed to convey the voters , but how were they to be conveyed ; alive or dead ? An hon . gent . behind him whispered `` dead drunk . '' Well , be it so ; but if you gave the voter nothing to eat or drink , in a journey of 200 miles , he would scarcely he alive by the time he came to the place of polling ; or , if he were alive , he would not be able to vote . contended that the candidate ought to be at no expence ; but this bill would do so little , that he thought it better the law should remain as it was . thought this bill better than no bill at all , as it was impossible to leave the matter as it was . He 957 thought that it would be better to regulate the expences of the candidate , for he was of opinion that any law which went to do them away altogether would be evaded . It was a wise saying of Solon to the Atheni- ans , `` I do not give you the best laws possible , but the best which you can bear . '' We ought to keep this in mind . no longer Considered it as the same bill to which he had given his support . He thought that the right . hon . gent . had now completely abandoned the original principle with Which he had set out . The subsistence of the voter was as necessary to be provided for as his conveyance . He stated that he had been credibly informed that the last contested elections for Middlesex had cost the patties 30,000l . in the article of conveyance alone ; and therefore thought that the bill , as it was proposed to be altered , would be perfectly inadequate to its original purpose . thought the country was under great obligations to the right hon . gent . for bringing the matter forward ; as it was necessary that the point should be decided in one way or the other . He was rather indifferent in which way that decision should be made ; but he preferred the mode of exempting the candidate , as it would be impossible to equalize the expences ; for 2s . a day may be an object to one elector , when 10s . a day would scarcely be an object