. pursuant to his notice on a former day , moved , that the deputy clerk of the crown be ordered forthwith to attend at the bar of the house . Upon his appearance , Mr. Fox moved , that he be asked whether any return had been made to him by the returning officers for the election at Waterford , in consequence of the writ last issued for the election of a representative for that city ? The question being answered in the negative , moved , that the sheriffs of Waterford do attend at the bar of the house on Monday fortnight . with great deference to the right hon , gent. , begged leave to suggest , that although delay had occurred in the necessary return , still , on enquiry , it might turn out that no blame justly attached any where , and that the delay might be owing to sonic cause wholly different from either neglect or intention on the part of the sheriffs . He begged leave to observe therefore , that as a previous enquiry had been directed to the clerk of the hanaper here , it might also be expedient to direct a similar enquiry to the clerk of the crown and hanaper in Ireland , to ascertain whether any return had been made to his office by the sheriffs of Waterford , before those gentlemen were put under the necessity of performing a journey of six hundred miles , upon a business on which it might turn out they were not culpable . most readily acquiesced in the suggestion of the hon . gent ; withdrew his motion , and substituted another , that the clerk of the Crown and Hanaper in Ireland , be directed to communicate forthwith , whether any return had been made to him , in answer to the writ to him directed for the election of a member for Waterford , and at what time such return was made ? '' The right hon . gent . at the same time , intimated , that if it should appear , that any great or extraordinary delay had occurred before the making of such re 563 turn , he should hold the sheriffs of Waterford answerable . The Ten Million and a Half and One Million and a Half Exchequer Bills ' bills , the Spirits Excise Duties bill , and the Felons ' Transportation bill , were read a third time and passed , and a message sent to the commons , to acquaint them there with.—Mr . Hawthorne brought up the Expiring Laws bill , the Cape of Good Hope Trade Regulation bill , which were severally read a first time.—Lord Grenville presented a message from the king , purporting that on account of the eminent services performed by vice-admiral sir John T. Duckworth , bart . his majesty is desirous of granting to him a pension of one thousand pounds per annum , for the term of his natural life , and trusts the house will concur in any measure necessary to carry such his majesty 's intention into execution . On the motion of lord Grenville , his majesty 's message was ordered to be taken into consideration on Monday , to which day the house adjourned . The Sheriffs of London presented a petition from the Lord Mayor , Aldermen , and Common Council , against the Coal Admeasurement bill , as touching on their right of Metage.—Mr . Briggs , from the Commissioners of Naval Revision , presented an Account of the intended application of 20,000l . granted this year , under the head of that commission.—A person from the Tax Office , presented an Account of the Net Assessments of the Duty on Property , for the year ending the 5th of April 1804 ; and several other Accounts on the same subject , which were referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.—Mr . Vansittart moved that there be laid before the House an Account of the quantity of British Plantation Sugar imported and exported for three years , ending the 5th of January , 1806 ; an