instance . contended , that if the bill was passed as a simple declaratory bill , without any proviso , it would declare that to he law which had not been acknowledged to be law by any of the judges , or by any noble and learned lord in that house.—It was then agreed to omit the whole of the proviso , and leave the bill as it originally stood , merely declaratory of the laws . The bill thus amended , was read a 3d time , passed , and ordered to be sent to the commons . A new Writ was ordered for the county of Kilkenny , in the room of the right hon . W. Brabazon Ponsonby , now lord Ponsonby.—Mr . Bond , took the oaths and his seat.—The Scotch Creditors ' bill was read a 3d time and passed.—The Customs Expiring Laws bill , the Excise Expiring Laws bill , and the Felons ' Transportation bill , were severally read a 2d time.—Mr . Vansittart moved , that there be laid before the house an estimate of the , sum wanted to discharge the interest of the Exchequer bills that might be paid off in the course of the year 1806.—The 10,500,000l . Exchequer Bills bill was read a first time.—Mr . Williams , from the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry , presented an Account of the Expences incurred by that Board for each year , since the period of its institution . Mr. Alexander brought up the report of the Irish Militia Service bill , which was read ; and the question being put that the said report be agreed to , observed , that he had not been present on a preceding day , when an hon . member ( Mr. Keene ) had delivered sentiments at large on the object of this bill . He entirely concurred however with that hon . member in thinking that nothing could be more advantageous to both countries than an interchange of their respective Militias . He disapproved however of the manner in which this object had been effected for three years past . This bill seemed now to he considered as an annual measure ; it had been introduced immediately after the union ; it had been passed as a measure of course last year , and was now passing the house in the same manner . But instead of this bill being regarded as an annual measure , he wished to see its object carried into effect on the ground of the 488 union of the two countries . From this union the Militia of the one country ought to be that of the other . To put the Militia on this footing in the three united kingdoms , would , he conceived , be for the advantage of all the kingdoms , and would render their union more complete . Besides he did not like the idea of asking men to do what it really was their duty to do independently of any measure of this kind . The inconveniences arising from this proceeding must be strongly felt , should the defence of either of the countries require the immediate service of the Militia of the other . It would then be a very unfit time to call men to deliberate whether they would extend their services or not , when the existence of the country might depend on the rapidity of their movements . From the manner , he admitted , in which the Militia was now raised , such a bill , legally considered , might be necessary , as the men were attested only to serve in one of the countries ; but it was for this very reason that he most earnestly wished to see the subject undergo a radical discussion , and such arrangements made as might make it necessary to attest the men for service in any part of the united kingdom . The origin of the present practice he believed had taken its rise from the circumstance of the Militia having been raised in England only , and not either in Scotland or Ireland , but