perhaps disposed to ask , upon what grounds such a young member as he was , should obtrude himself so frequently on the house on the affairs of India . To such persons his answer was plain and simple . He was conscious of the imminent danger which threatened our India possessions , and therefore , he was resolved to raise his voice , however feeble , with a view to rouse the attention of the house to this point . The house did not seem to be aware of the alarming state of the affairs of India . When the debt of India amounted to 14 millions , lord Melville had written to the chairman of the company , re- 109 commending a plan , which , in those circumstances , appeared to him absolutely necessary to be pursued , and expressing his opinion , that if it was not pursued , the consequences would be dangerous , not only to the concerns of the East-India company , but injurious to the prosperity of the country at large . His object in moving for this letter of lord Melville , written when the debt of the company was only 14 millions , was this : he designed , on some future day , to move for a select committee of the house , to enquire into the causes of the alarming increase of the debt of the company , and of their failure to comply with the conditions and stipulations agreed upon in their charter . The object which he had at present in view , was one of the last importance , since the debt of the company had increased from 14 to 30 millions , in the thirteenth year from the renewal of their charter , without any of the conditions agreed upon having been performed on their parts . It was high time to enquire into the causes of these singular circumstances . It was with this view that he moved for the letter of lord Melville . Having read the motion , the hon . gent . begged leave to add one word more : lord Melville had written to the court of directors upon this subject , in the most earnest manner ; and , indeed , his opinion had been given them , in some measure , with all the solemnity of a death-bed warning . He would say this of lord Melville , that his plans for the regulation of India were well conceived , and discovered proofs of no ordinary comprehension in him who proposed them . Upon the execution of them , indeed , he was of opinion , that the very existence of India , as connected with this country , depended , and therefore he hoped that the directors themselves would come forward and promote this enquiry ; or , if not , that the board , would come forward and give every assistance to the measure . If the debt of 14 millions appalled lord Melville , what ought to be the vigour and attention employed now , when the debt amounted to 30 millions ? The directors and the board of controul were in some degree bound by these circumstances to come forward and give their support to such an enquiry as he proposed . It would be said , and he wished to anticipate this objection , that the alarming increase of the debt arose from the wars that had taken place in India . He 110 was firmly persuaded , however , that the debt had not increased from this cause particularly , and he engaged to shew , unless the directors came forward in this affair , that it was owing to cause of a very different natures . He was resolved , at least as far as lay in his power , to fix responsibility where it ought to attach , and this was the great object which he had in view , in the efforts which he made , and was inclined to make , on this subject . The hon . gent . concluded by moving , `` That there