questions were best discussed when no weight was lent to the accusation , except what it derived from the individual who preferred it , and from the cause of truth . after what had fallen from an hon . baronet in the course of this debate , thought it proper to state , that the court of directors of the East-India company had no objection to the production of any papers that might be thought necessary to an enquiry into the late proceedings in India , and that they did not apprehend any ill consequences from the publication of the papers moved for . He was induced to say this , lest it should be supposed , that what had been so strongly expressed by the hon . baronet , respecting marquis Wellesley , were the sentiments of the directors , with respect to the administration of that nobleman . said , he had not been delivering his opinion in the house as a director of the East-India company , but exercising his judgment as a private member of parliament . said , that from the manner in which the hon . baronet had expressed himself , he might well be construed to be delivering a more extended opinion than his own . He had , however , stood alone in the court of directors , as the panegyrist of marquis Wellesley , whose conduct the directors disapproved , and considered extremely detrimental to the interests of the company . The circumstance of the court having been obliged to send out another noble marquis , to remedy the inju- 481 rious measures of his predecessor , was a sufficient circumstance to prove the necessity of an enquiry . There were several papers connected with the late Indian administration , which ought to he before the house , and which the East-India company would be very happy to see investigated ; particularly one , to which he could not at present give a proper title , but it was expressive of the opinion of the court of directors on the government of India . It was intended to have sent out this paper to which he alluded , but its transmission had been prevented by high authority . After the suspicions which were abroad , the house was bound to look the thing in the face , and the country required it . replied at considerable length to the different speakers , and called loudly on the house to notice the protection extended to save lord Wellesley by a part of the administration , ( he alluded principally to lord Temple and Mr. H. Addington ) . He hoped , he said , the house would notice it , the public he was sure would , and the manner he had been deserted by those , who had taken a part formerly to bring this nobleman to justice . But his principal reply was directed to the hon . bart . ( sir T. Metcalfe ) who had advised him ( Mr. Paull ) to abandon the prosecution . He stated that not only would he proceed , but that it was known to the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Fox ) that he had still two charges to prefer , of a most serious nature , against lord Wellesley for the seizure of Furrukabad , and for profuse , wasteful , unauthorized expenditure of the revenues committed to his charge , and for applying to his own use large sums of the public money , contrary to the act of parliament limiting the allowances of the governor-general to 25,000l . per annum , and to the use of the houses of the company abroad . That the single article of `` Durbar charges '' in the time of extreme distress for money , and all the departments of the service in arrear , exceeded by 100,000l . per annum , the most profuse expenditure of any of his predecessors . That the sum squandered away unnecessarily would he found on investigation to exceed two millions of pounds sterling . The hon . gent . concluded by saying , that