about as wise , as what we see of children in their sports , who , when they have fixed a piece of stick in the ground , fancy they have planted a tree . What is wanting in either case , is the vital principle . We perceive this in the case of the children , but never suspect that the same is true of our own attempts , when we suppose that we can create armies without danger and without discipline . Danger and discipline are the very sap and juices out of which all that has life and action must spring : it is from them alone must arise the real military character ; as from the military character must proceed all that can really constitute an Army . How danger must operate to this end , is obvious to every one ; but it would not be difficult to shew , that discipline is equally necessary , and that all the high military virtues , whose characteristic is courage , grow , like flowers out of dung , from a principle that is founded in fear . There must be some extraordinary property in armies , that can enable them to produce effects so far beyond the natural powers of their numbers . I wish the house to recollect how little , at all times , the fate of nations , when contending against each other , has been decided by any thing but the operations of their armies . The times are past , or , rather , never existed but among rude and uncultivated nations , when one country contended against another by the ge- 656 neral strength of its population , when the strength of the army was the mere amount of the physical force and courage of the individuals who composed it . Nations now , and in every more improved state of society , even before the great revolution produced in the world by the invention of gunpowder , were brought to act upon each other only by the intervention of their armies . The armies are the champions on each side , to which the countries severally commit their quarrel ; and when the champion falls , the cause is lost . The parties are heard only by their counsel . In how many instances has it ever happened , that when the army was defeated , the contest was restored by an insurrection of the people at large ? This notion , therefore , of a levy in mass , so far as experience has hitherto gone , would seem to be one to which it would be wholly unsafe to trust . The people in mass are like metal in the ore : —and as all the iron that ever came from a Swedish mine would never hew a block , or divide a plank , till it was wrought and fashioned into the shape of a hatchet , or a saw , so the strength of a people can never , perhaps , be made capable of producing much effect in war , till it is extracted partially , and moulded into that factitious and highly polished instrument , called an Army . The only instance in modern times , that would seem to contradict this opinion , is America . But America was enabled to resist by its distance , and by its vastness . The arm of this country could act but feebly , when stretched across the Atlantic ; and the forces that arrived there were dispersed and lost in the immense expanse which they had to occupy . There was an ocean of three thousand miles in front , and a continent of boundless extent behind . America is therefore hardly an instance . In the cases that are properly instances , in what manner have things happened ? The latest experience is the most decisive . What are the two events , which more perhaps than any other two , have decided the fate of the present world ? The battles of Marengo and Austerlitz . Yet , what were these events