merit of Mr. Pitt did not consist in the invention , which was easy and obvious , but in the effectual course he took to give abundance and vigour to the measure , and to increase the power by its own action . This he did wisely and resolutely on the principles of his plan , and I give him full credit for it . The fund , at this period , amounts to 8 millions ; proceeding rapidly in its operation , and growing as it operates . Now , I ask , in what way are we the better for this fund ? I mean , sir , sensibly , palpably , tangibly , and not in distant hopes , or airy speculations . Has it relieved the public from any old burthen , or has it prevented any new one ? Common sense and common practice too , in similar cases , would lead one to expect that , as fast as the bond or the mortgage , or any material portion of it was discharged , the interest should cease or be extinguished in the same proportion . On that principle , when a given part of the public debt is bought up , some tax ought to be taken off ; some relief ought to be granted . But , as we manage the matter now , the more we pay off , the more we borrow . The sinking fund , the debt , and the taxes grow and improve together , and keep pace with one another . I am far from meaning that this might not have been a proper course in the infancy of the measure , or in the early years of its growth . It is the maturity of the fund that changes the policy , and gives the public a claim to a share in the resource . I mean a moderate share , such as the amount of the proposed taxes would be ; that is , a little more than one million out of eight . Now , I ask for what purpose is this enormous revenue extorted from the people , not only without being applied , as it might be , to their relief , but even without protecting them from fresh and intolerable exactions ? It has been said , with an air of triumph too , that the amount of the sinking fund , compared with the whole debt , has grown and is growing more favourable to the public ; that the arithmetical proportion of the power to the service has improved con- 606 siderably , and that , some day or other , the fund will extinguish the debt , or essentially reduce see no sign of that event . All I know is that in fact the debt thrives by the reduction , or in spite of it . But , even if it were otherwise ; if the success of these speculations , at some distant day , were as probable , as in my mind it is the reverse , what benefit does the operation furnish to the present generation ? Is it an answer to misery sinking under oppression , that a remote posterity will be the better for our sufferings ? Our children , I am sure , will owe us no gratitude on this account . They will not thank us for sacrifices , from which they at least will derive no positive advantage . Let us now consider what is the real operation of this great fund upon public credit , what immediate purpose it answers , and what is the final result of it . Why , sir , all we know with certainty is that the constant application of the produce to the purchase is just sufficient to keep the price of the 3 percents at sixty ; and , for this important service , the nation pays 8 millions a year . But what is the result of the service ? To enable ministers to make new loans , on terms always said to be highly favourable to the public