receive on that account . I hope the house will hear me with indulgence ; and the rather as it will probably be the last time , that I shall ever address you on any interest of mine connected with the subject of India . I state it then as a narrative merely , and not to revive any former argument or difference with any man , that I passed six years in Bengal in perpetual contest and misery , and finally with the imminent hazard of my life . For the truth of this assertion , I appeal to the testimony of the hon . chairman of the court of directors , who was on the spot and knows the facts.—Then a wretched passage of ten months to England ; and , from that time , a con- 394 tinued labour and perseverance of two-and-twenty years in the same unprofitable course , unsupported and alone , without thanks or reward , and DOW without hope . By endeavouring , through that long portion of my life , to maintain , as I thought , right against wrong , I have incurred many enmities , and secured no friendship ; I have sacrificed my happiness and my repose , and forfeited every prospect of personal advantage . Have you a doubt on this point ? Look at the state of dereliction , in which I am left . I make no complaint of what is past : but I have a right to pause , and consider how I shall proceed hereafter . I have done so . I have considered my situation , and I have made up my mind upon it . It is for others to weigh the probable consequences and natural effect of the example , now in their view , upon the public service not only in India , but in every other department . What practical lesson does it inculcate , but simply this ; Take care of yourselves ? I do not know that the instruction was much wanted ; but I am sure it will not be neglected . My deliberate intention is to withdraw myself generally from the discussion of political questions purely and properly Indian , and not involving any immediate British interest ; and specially not to take an active part , much less a lead in the impeachment , prosecution , or censure of any Indian delinquency whatsoever . This intention concerns nobody but myself . I make no contract with any man , and I bold myself completely at liberty to depart from it whenever I think proper . This , sir , is not a resolution wholly new in me , or suddenly taken on the present occasion . That principal part of it , which relates to the invidious though meritorious office of a prosecutor , as I still think it , was taken long ago . I will never be concerned in impeaching any body . The impeachment of Mr. Hastings has cured me of that folly . I was tried , and he was acquitted . In all the late proceedings concerning lord Melville , I have never uttered one word ; though , considering the contest and contradiction in which I stood against Mr. Dundas in this house for twenty years together , it can not be denied that I had spurs and provocations enough , if I were capable of yielding to such motives , to stimulate me to take part in the impeachment of lord Melville . Nor will I now concern myself in any proceeding to prosecute or censure lord Wellesley . On the subject of 395 his administration I have already done all that I meant to do , and more than I promised . What I said , was in my place . What I have written , is on record . I do not think that , on the whole , my speech on the 5th of April , 1805 , was ill received by any man . In particular , I do believe that , generally at least , I had the concurrence of the