unwilling to bring into public light , a dispatch in the framing of which , he had his share of responsibility , and to the contents of which , he still professed to adhere . It was true , he rather discouraged , and partly for some of the reasons already mentioned , the demand made by the proprietors of India stock , for the production of this document ; and how the letter had got into print , as he perceived it now to be , he was utterly ignorant , having had no idea of any intention to print it , till he observed a gentleman reading it as pamphlet , in the course of that debate . But the letter being so far public , and a motion being made to bring it before that house , it was impossible for him to do otherwise than support such a Motion . The letter contained the deliberate sentiments of the court of directors , upon a review , not indeed of the whole of lord Wellesley 's administration , but of various measures of that administration , upon which they had thought it their duty to animadvert . Considerable as the talents of marquis Wellesley were allowed to be , and happy as some parts of his administration were , the court had been necessitated to express their disapprobation of many things , and for his own part Mr. Grant said , he lamented the occasion given for it . In particular , the letter in question contained the opinion of the court upon some of the subjects , which an hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) had brought before the house ; and , notwithstanding all the ingenuity , ability , and eloquence , with which a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) had opposed the production of the letter , because it was said to be the opinion of a third party on a cause at issue between the hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) and the late governor-general , yet he ( Mr. Grant ) could not reconcile it to justice , or indeed , to common sense , that in such a case the opinion of the India company , given in the most regular form in which it could be expressed , should be shut out . The company of whom the court of directors were the executive body , was an integral part of the system framed by the legislature , for the government of British India . It was the right and duty of the court to propose their opinions and orders upon all important subjects relating to the 829 government of our Eastern Empire ; and to shut out the sentiments of that body in a parliamentary enquiry into any of those subjects , seemed to him contrary to the whole spirit and tenor of the constitution , given by the law to British India . He thought it no valid objection to the production of their opinions in parliament , that the board of controul had not sanctioned them . That reason might operate the other way . The Indian government as now framed , might be considered as a system of checks : the board of commissioners , controlled the court of directors ; the court of directors , had to judge of the conduct of the government-general ; the government-general in its turn , had always the power of representation respecting such orders from home , as it found to be inexpedient for the public interests ; but the government-generalabroad , confederating with the board of controul at home , the one by originating measures there the other by upholding those measures here , might entirely exclude the court of directors from any part , either for or against those measures , and by means of the channel of the secret committee , even from the knowledge of them . Such , in fact , had been the case with respect to the Oude negociation in question . It was therefore but the more natural and necessary , that if