he had such proofs as would not only justify him in the eyes of every reasonable man , but would also condemn the noble lord . It had been said on the part of the noble lord , at an early period of this business , that in order to justify his conduct against the charges alledged against him , such papers would be necessary as , he was afraid , would be too voluminous for the perusal of the house , and that were not likely , many of them , to be got from the public offices . He could not help considering this at first introduced us for the porpoise of delay . At any rate this was the very opinion he was at present labouring to establish . No obstacle had been offered to the production of those papers ; but they really were of so voluminous a nature as would create great delay by their being printed ; and when printed , he was certain would not be read by the house . The hon . member concluded by moving that the papers should not be printed , and that the order for that purpose be discharged . The order being accordingly read , and the question being put from the chair , that so much of the said order as relates to the printing of the papers be discharged , rose , and said , that when the hon . gent . first brought on those charges against the noble earl , he had expressly stated that he should not be precluded from moving for such papers , as might be thought necessary to his lordship 's defence , and that this proposition 85 had been acceded to by the late right hon . chancellor of the exchequer , so much so indeed , that only one paper had been objected to , the production of which , it had been stated , would prove prejudicial to the service , by giving the enemy information which it was the interest of this country to withhold . Were any objection really admissible to the printing of those papers on the ground of making them public , and by this means embarrassing the public service , such objections ought to originate with the lords of the admiralty , and not with the hon . member , who had not the means of knowing those circumstances that might render such an objection proper . But no such objections had been offered by the lords of the admiralty , nor had the hon . gent . himself attempted to establish any such plea . It appeared , indeed , an extraordinary proceeding to him on the part of the hon . gent. , that while he brought charges against the noble lord of so serious a nature , and in a language so scurrilous and indecent , he should attempt to shut out the light and prevent access to that information on which the noble earl depended for his vindication . `` In the course of what has dropped from the hon , gent . '' said the hon . admiral , `` he has stated , that I had said , at the commencement of this business , there were many papers the public offices would not produce ; but the absurdity of this allegation is a sufficient proof that I could never have made use of such expressions . '' He could never be absurd enough to say so . On the contrary , he had stated that there were none that would be wanted that might not be produced . With respect to one book , called Doomsday book , he had expressed sonic doubts if it could be forthcoming , and believed it was among the number he had moved for . It was a book regularly kept up during lord St. Vincent 's administration , and would have been of very material consequence in his justification . Of the papers , continued the hon . member , which had been moved for and produced , there was not one that was not absolutely