of the father , and the eldest son again appointed to the succession , with a minister to manage the affairs of the Guzzerat . At this period both parties courted the British power , and a voluntary offer was made to the Bombay government , to confirm the cession of territory and the relinquishment of choute which had been formerly made by the father . The consequence of these proceedings is , that the city of Surat , which contains upwards of 800,000 inhabitants , and had for many years been in a state of constant broils and disturbance , from the city being under the government of four parties , the Nabob , the English , the Peishwa , and the Guichwar , is now placed entirely under the servants of the India company , who preserve internal tranquillity , and the city is increasing fast in riches and population.—Now , sir , I beg leave to ask the house , whether in these transactions the slightest blame can be cast on the governor-general , who had little more to do than to approve or disapprove the measures of the Bombay government ? What has been stated by the noble lord is perfectly true , that for upwards of 50 years the company have invariably interfered in the appointments of all the nabobs of Surat ; and tile nabob set up in 1790 , sat on the musnud for 10 years , without any approval from the mo- 478 gul , and held his power entirely under the authority of the Bombay government ; and , I can venture to assure the house , that if they peruse all the records of the India house , that they will not find any matter that can throw more light upon the subject of Surat , than the members present are now in possession of . The hon . gent . who stands forward-as the accuser of lord Wellesley , has now laid two charges upon the table , namely the business of Bhurtpore and of Surat ; the house will judge how far they deserve the name of charges . What I complain of is , the extraordinary mode of proceeding in this attack . The hon . gent . was no sooner seated , than he gave notice of his intention to accuse the late governor-general of certain offences , and moved for papers respecting Oude ; but , passing them by , he calls for papers of finance , to prove the company had violated an act of parliament . Finding this ground not tenable , he returns again to the marquis , in the manner the house has lately witnessed . The greatest enemy of lord Wellesley will admit his government was marked by many instances of zeal , energy , talent , and ability , which never were excelled in that part of the world , and I fear never will be equalled . To this I must add , that the breath of scandal never tainted his character with the slightest suspicion against the most in-corrupt honour and integrity . It is a fact known to all India , that he quitted the government with as clean hands as he took possession of it . Hard , very hard , is it upon such a character , after having for 6 or 7 years executed the arduous duties of the most consequential office a subject can be placed in , to the best of his judgement , with no other object in view than what he conceived would eventually turn out to the benefit of his employers , to the advantage of his country , and finally lead to the permanent peace and tranquillity of India ; to find himself assailed on his arrival with such charges as have this day been dwelt on by the hon . member ! Let not the house conclude , from what they have heard ; that no enquiry has been made into the conduct of the late governor-general . The board of commissioners , and the court of directors , have not been neglectful of this part