instrument of calumny . Besides the danger of the precedent , he considered the adjourning the debate would take up the time of parliament unnecessarily . was inclined to support the motion for adjourning the debate . As to the hon . mover , although , perhaps , he had not shewn sufficient discretion , he had certainly evinced a manliness of mind in the prosecution of this business ; whereas , there was another body of men , whose conduct excited no other sentiment in his mind than disgust . The court of directors had been chosen by the proprietors in a manner somewhat similar to that in which the members of that house had been returned by their constituents . How had they performed their duty ? An hon . director had asserted , that the figures were rightly stated by the hon . mover , and agreed 867 with him , that marquis Wellesley had wasted the public money , and violated the law . Why then , did not he , or some of his brother directors , come forward to impeach him ? Was there ever such a dereliction of public duty ? Since the hon . director had made that speech , he thought it was impossible to drop the question . It must be taken up either by the court of directors or by somebody else . said , he had given his best attention to every thing that had been said on the present question , and was ready to admit , that the house was involved in some embarrassment by the course of proceeding that had been pursued . But he did not think the difficulty of their situation so great as had been represented ; or such , from which , with due attention , they might not extricate themselves . He could not , therefore , agree with his learned friend , who had that night , for the first time , delivered his sentiments to the house , and whom he hoped often to hear taking his part in the discussions in that house , as to the alarming consequences of the present proceeding . His learned friend had apprised them of the danger he apprehended , but had neglected to point out any means by which that danger might be avoided : and as his learned friend said , that he had at first made a league and covenant with himself not , to speak upon this question , he believed it would have been quite as well if he had kept to his league and covenant . An hon . director had said , that the paper moved for yesterday would have supported the allegations . If that paper could not be had , the documents to which it referred might easily be had . It appeared to him a very extraordinary circumstance respecting this paper , that being dated the 5th of April 1805 it should refer to the transactions of the years 1801-2-3 , and censure almost every part of lord Wellesley 's conduct in the administration of his government . It would have appeared , that what they disapproved of so violently , they might have censured sooner . Whoever brought forward a charge of this nature , certainly did so at infinite peril . He might even in some cases draw upon himself the reprobation of the house . if the house were to consider itself in the nature of a grand jury upon the present question , he should say , arguing from analogy , that it would be an extraordinary thing for a grand jury to find the hill in the first place , and ask for the evidence afterwards . And 868 yet it was in this way , that the house had been called upon to act in the present instance . They were desired first to adopt the charge , and then see whether any document could be brought forward in support of it . What he considered the greatest danger was , that if the charge should be so far hastily adopted , as to he