majesty 's exchequer , in obedience to the 111th section of the 33d of the king , c , 52.—2 . A copy of all the representations which have been made to the lords of the treasury , in obedience to the 121st section of the said act.—3 . A copy of all the orders which have been given by the lords of the treasury , for the suspension of the payments of the money due from the East-India company to the public , in obedience to the same section.—4 . A copy of all the orders and representations as aforesaid , which have been made by the commissioners of the treasury to parliament , in conformity to the same section of the act.—5 . An account of all the stock purchased towards the guarantee fund of the company , limited by the 114th section of the act to 12 millions sterling . —6 . The yearly accounts of such stock , and of its appropriation , which , by the 116th section aforesaid , the governor and company of the bank of England are required to lay before both houses of parliament , on or before the 15th of Feb. in each year ; and if parliament shall not then be sitting , within 14 days after the commencement of the session of parliament.—7 . An account of all bills of exchange drawn upon the court of directors from 1793 to the latest period ; specifying the amount from each presidency , and the sum total in each year.—8 . An account of The value of specie and bullion exported within the same period to Bengal , Madras , and Bombay ; specifying the amount in each year , and any sums re-exported from Madras and Bombay to Fort William , in consequence of any orders from the governor-general of India.—9 . A copy of all 198 applications made by the governor-general in council to the chief supercargoes at Canton for pecuniary aid , with the answers or returns made to such applications from 1798 to the last accounts from that factory . '' hoped the house would excuse him if , having been trusted with an important office in the administration of India , he felt that he could not sit silent , after the observations which had been made by the hon . member who spoke last . It appeared to him , that the hon . gent . had either misconceived the act he alluded to , or else he must have read it very hastily , as he had blended together the territorial and the commercial revenues , which should be considered as distinct things . As to the sending of bullion to India in payment for its colonial produce , whatever prejudice there might once have existed against exporting bullion , in modern times it was considered as an article of commerce , which might be exported without danger in its consequences . The hon . gent . had blended together many other considerations , which ought to have been kept distinct . He had not distinguished the debt and the assets abroad or at home , nor taken notice of that intermediate measure , the arrangement for the transfer of part of the Indian debt to this country . As to the act of appropriation , the only way that the house did , or could in common sense have ordered the appropriation was , that , in case of a surplus , there should be set apart , in the first place , a sum for the military expences ; in the next place , for the civil and commercial affairs ; and then , that the remainder should come over in investments . The hon . gent . was much mistaken , if he thought that a single enactment would be sufficient to allow the country to participate to the amount of the half million stated . Unless there was a surplus for such sum to come out of it , it would be impossible that it should be paid . When there was no surplus , it was also impossible