officer of retaining them for 6 months after the expiration of the term , a contrivance of no very deep research , nor of any very striking efficacy ; since , at the end of the 6 months , precisely the same difficulty will recur . It was obvious that in sending a regiment upon foreign service , it might be necessary to consider whether any , and what part of the men , were entitled , or would soon become entitled , to their discharge . The rt . hon . gent 's . remedy for this is to draft such men into other regiments ; a remedy , the suggestion of which from him , did , I confess , particularly astonish me ; as of all the bad practices 984 which he has repeatedly stated as necessary to be removed for the preservation of the army , the practice of drafting is that which has been most loudly and vehemently condemned . Ballot is , we all know , a sufficiently odious word in the rt . hon . gent 's . conception : but long before ballot became the object of his hostility , draft has been completely run down.—Gentlemen who are inclined to undervalue the difficulties which would arise on foreign service , from the expiration of short enlistments , may perhaps , however , allow some weight to a practical authority on the subject , I mean that of general Washington . In a life of that eminent person , which has been lately published , in this country , and which suppose is in every body 's hands , we find him pin constant correspondence with the Congress upon the wretched condition of his army , and uniformly attributing the difficulties which he meets with to the miserable policy of short enlistments , expirable during the war ; in one of his letters he expresses himself thus : `` To one who has been a witness to the evils brought upon us by short enlistments , the system appears to have been pernicious beyond description , and a crowd of motives present themselves to dictate a change . It may easily be shown that all the misfortunes we have met with in the military line are to be attributed to this cause . Had we formed a permanent army in the beginning , which by the continuance of the same men in the service would be capable of discipline , we never should have had to retreat , with a handful of men , across the Delaware . Had we kept a permanent army an foot , he says in another part , the enemy would have had nothing to hope for , and would `` in all probability have listened to terms long since . I am aware that the enlistments here spoken of were annual : but in principle the same objections apply to any period by which discharges may be claimed of right , during the continuance of war . Besides , gentlemen must not forget , that after the expiration of the first period , whatever it may be , the difficulties will occur annually . According to the plan of the rt . hon . gent. , those who are enlisted this year , will be entitled to theirs discharge 7 years hence , those enlisted next year 8 years hence , and so on : and it is no great consolation under the mischiefs of the system , that they will not begin to be experienced while the rt . hon . gent . is in office to correct them.—if this plan is full of 985 difficulties in respect to , an army , in general ; has the rt . hon gent . considered with what peculiar force those difficulties apply to an army , destined , as the army of this country must , be to protect and garrison many distant possession ? May not reinforcements in consequence of expiring services , be wanted in time of war , when they can not easily be sent ? may not the garrisons of our colonies he