much inferior powers . Although he perfectly agreed with the noble mover on the necessity of some legislative measure , yet he thought the bill now read , would be inadequate to the object proposed ; it therefore would not receive his support . considered his bill capable of comprising every object suggested by the noble lords who had opposed it , and said , that he should move for the second reading on Tuesday next . In the mean time , it was ordered to be printed . moved the order of the day for resuming the . adjourned debate on his motion of this day se'ight , for the attendance of several witnesses on the 28th of April , relative to the pending case of Mr. justice Fox . He adverted to what had taken place on a former evening ; and when a noble lord ( Grenville ) then in his place , high in his majesty 's councils , had suggested the expediency of a short delay , to give noble lords time and leisure to consider of the proposition , he expected , that he would come forward , and assign his reasons for wishing such a proceeding to take place . From the respect which he entertained for that noble lord , joined to the consideration of the delay proposed being merely nominal , with reference to the effect of a proposed order , which was to take place two months hence , he was induced 250 to comply freely with that suggestion . He now deprecated any farther postponement of the consideration of that propositions . Their lordships would consider , that repeated and solemn discussions of the house had taken place upon the subject ; that they not only heard and examined a great deal of evidence , but that the house was pledged , by its legislative act , to continue the proceeding . He was at a loss to conceive what reasons could be assigned for any further delay , or why the proceedings should not go forward with expedition and effect , as far as was consistent with the bare convenience of individuals , and the solemnity due to the nature and magnitude of the case . It was important they should , as far as in them lay , proceed to bring a case of such peculiar importance to a farther hearing , and a final decision . When he considered the high situation , not only of dignity , but of responsibility , in which the noble lord stood , and the parliamentary and constitutional character with which he was invested , he was unwilling to suppose that his first parliamentary measure and trial of strength , would be an attempt to interfere with the course of an important judicial process before that house , which had been solemnly instituted , commenced , and some progress , though with no great degree of expedition , made in it . These were not the only reasons which should determine their lordships upon the present occasion . Not only the eyes of this country , but especially those of the people of Ireland , were turned to that house , with respect to the proceeding ; it was regarded by them as a progressive endeavour to redress important grievances , and to enhance the security of the rights and privileges of his majesty 's subjects in that country ; the first attempt which had been made for their effectual protection , since the incorporation of their parliament with that of this country . This was but one side of the case under consideration . On the other hand it was to be recollected , what was due on the score of impartial justice to the learned gent . whose conduct was the object of the investigation ; they were aware of the evidence which had been adduced against him , and of course he should , in justice , be afforded an opportunity of controverting , of rebutting , and refusing it , if it were in his power . He wished that every opportunity should be afforded him