official acts , and not from correspondences . The hon . gent . would find , that there were three treaties between Great Britain and Sweden , and one treaty between Great Britain and Russia , to which latter treaty , Austria having acceded , it was thereby effectually constituted a treaty between Great Britain and Austria.—As he was on his legs , he should explain a circumstance connected with these treaties . The treaty with Russia consisted of 15 articles , one of which not having been ratified , the remaining 14 only were binding . Of these 14 , only 9 had been laid on the table ; the remaining 5 being of a complexion , which would render the exposure of them a dereliction of the trust reposed in the administration of this country , of which declaration on his part , the hon . gent . would soon have an opportunity of ascertaining the ground . wished to learn , whether any thing was now before the house , or intended to be laid hefore the house , relative to the orders sent to the British troops on the continent , either in Hanover or elsewhere . said , that the papers , at present brought forward , were confined to official acts ; if the hon . gent . wished any information on the subject to which he alluded , he should be happy to received his commands . asked how the troops of the continent were composed , as to numbers , at the commencement of the campaign ? said , that the amount of the force on the continent , exclusive of British , Swedish , and the minor military powers of Germany , which his majesty 's government had reason to expect were actually in the field on the 1st of October last , formed an aggregate of only 5000 short of 500,000 men ; that is to say , 180,000 Rassinus , and 315,000 Austrians , exclusive of 20,000 militia in the Tyrol ; and what rendered this credible to his majesty 's ministers was , that in the month of June they were assured , in an official note , received by his majesty 's government from the Austrian ambassador at the court of London , that the effective force of that power , actually in the field , was 200,000 men , and that it was expected in the course of the month to carry it up to 300,000 men.—The question was then put , and the papers were ordered to lie on the table . in pursuance of the notice which he had yesterday given , wished to call the attention of the house to the important subject , which he trusted the house would allow that he was justified in having postponed to the present moment . He meant the transcendant victory gained by lord Nelson , and the glorious victory subsequently obtained by sir R. Strachan , of both of which he felt his complete in adequacy to speak in terms in any degree commensurate with their merits . He would preface his address to the house on this occasion by a short history of the naval campaign , if it might be so called , that preceded these brilliant actions . The operations of this campaign commenced with the sailing of a French squadron from Rochefort to the West Indies , which was immediately followed by admiral Cochrane . This squadron only gave an opportunity to the brave admiral Prevost of shewing how an infinitely inferior British force could defend itself from hostile attacks . A squadron of 18 sail of the line then sailed from Toulon , which was instantly pursued by the immortal Nelson ; and although they were considerably , superior in numbers , and in strength , they quitted the West Indies without having attained any object of the least importance . And here it was impossible for him to forget the gloomy apprehensions , that were at that time entertained by 98 some individuals of this house . There was no disaster that could befal the country , which they