removed . contended , that this petition could not be admitted on this ground , namely , that it was a petition to renew a petition that had been presented last session , which was not now renewable ; because , in all cases of this nature , such a petition for a renewal must be presented four clays after the commencement of the session . observed , that the hon . gent . was perfectly correct in his remark . It was the duty of every gentleman who presented a petition , to make himself master of the contents , in order that he might explain them to the house ; he therefore requested the hon . gent . would have the goodness to state , whether or not this was a petition for the renewal of a former petition . replied , that he believed he might take upon himself to say , that it was a petition for the renewal of a former petition.—On which the Speaker declared , that the rule of the house was perfectly clear , which rendered any such petition inadmissible . was introduced in the usual 186 form , between the earl of Moira , and lord Keith . His patent of creation having been read at the table , his lordship took the oaths and his seat.—The exchequer bills bill passed through a committee , and was reported.—The New Forest Road bill was read a second time , and committed for Thursday.—Mr . Baldwin brought up a bill for erecting court houses in the West Riding of Yorkshire , which was read a first time . A petition was presented from the debtors confined in the jail of Nottingham , which was ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Grey , sir A. Piggott , and Mr. H. Addington , and sir C. Pole took the oaths and their seats.—Mr . Eyre presented a petition from the maltsters of Nottingham , complaining of the , additional duties imposed upon malt by the act of the 42d of his present majesty . Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Johnson from the office of the chief secretary for Ireland , presented at the bar an account of the number of non-resident clergymen , & c. in the dioceses of Ossory and Kilmore . Ordered to lie on the table.—Dr . Duigenan brought in a bill for enforcing the residence of the clergy in Ireland , which was read a first time.—The secretary at war gave notice , that he would on Thursday submit a motion for leave to bring in a bill to indemnify those who had advised his majesty to permit the landing of a certain number of foreign troops its this country . This measure , the right hon . gent . added , was conceived to be the more necessary in consequence of the amount of the German legion , which had been recently so very much recruited on the continent.—Lord Henry Petty moved , `` that a committee be appointed to examine and report the amount of the joint charge on the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , between the 1st of Jan. 1801 and the 1st of Jan. 1806 , what proportion thereof has been defrayed by Great Britain and Ireland respectively , and what balance remains due from either part of the united kingdom to the other , according to the provisions of the act of the 39th and 40th year of his present majesty , for the union of Great Britain and Ireland ; and likewise to consider of and report the best means of ascertaining in future the amount of such balance as may be due from Great 187 Britain or Ireland , respectively , at the expiration of each year . '' Ordered . and spoke as follows : —Mr . Speaker ; I rise , pursuant to notice , to move for the production of a document , which is at once of considerable importance and curiosity ; but , as it relates to a subject which appears not to deserve much interest in this house or in the country