will be found in the Appendix to this volume.—The noble lord said he wished to offer a few observations with regard to the course of proceeding on the discussion of these important papers , and of the conduct to which they referred , and also of the nature of the information which parliament might wish to posses on the subject . It was his most anxious wish , and the most anxious wish of those with whom he had the honour to act , that every thing which could tend to elucidate the great transactions on the continent during the last six months , should be before the house . He trusted that it was not with vain confidence that he and his colleagues looked to a result of the investigation creditable and honourable to themselves . But it was due to the character of the country , it was due in justice to other nations , that some disclosure of considerable delicacy should be withheld . It would therefore not be expedient to lay on the table all the discussions that had taken place with the continental powers since the close of the year 1804 . In any situation of Europe the complete disclosure of these discussions would be unnecessary , but in its present situation , it would be peculiarly incompatible with the interests of some of those powers whom we ought to respect . For himself , he regretted , that the discussion of this question did not , in some degree , take place on the first night of the session , as it would have clearly pointed out to the attention of ministers , those 91 parts of these important transactions which the gentlemen opposite wished particularly should be elucidated . It would have served as a land-mark by which they might have shaped their communications . That calamitous event , which all regretted , had prevented this at any subsequent period ; all therefore that administration could do , was to follow the course which to them seemed the most adviseable ; and it would be open to others to found on that course any additional motions , that might appear to them to be necessary . The house must be aware , that many of the conditions and stipulations with the continental powers must be contingent and eventual , depending on the part that they were induced by circumstances to take in time war . Ministers had not considered it their duty to lay before the house any of those conditions which were never acted upon , but those parts alone which gave activity to hostile operations . He was not prepared to say that these were the military parts merely , although the house could not but be aware , that the military stipulations must have been more productive in imparting activity than the political conditions could possibly be . Delicacy with respect to foreign powers was not so likely to be infringed by the display of the one as the other . With regard to the stipulations of the military force to be brought forward by the different powers with whom the treaties had been concluded , there were two main features to which he wished that he attention of the hour might be peculiarly directed . The first was , what was the actual force which government had every reason to believe was in the field against France , and which justified them in inducing the continental powers to resist her ? And the second , to what causes the failure of this grand confederacy was to be attributed ? In order to enable the house to judge of the latter , ministers had ordered that there should be laid before the house details of the plan of the campaign , and of the system on which it was wished , and indeed resolved to act , to he compared with the system which really was carried into execution . The plan of military operations did not proceed front this country , because this country could not be supposed so well acquainted with their expediency . It did not proceed