hon . gent . 's angry solicitude to resist any injurious allusion to the memory of his late friend , for whom there were many who felt quite as warm an interest and attachment as that right hon . gentleman could pretend to . However , as the right hon . gentleman professed to feel so much umbrage at any reflection upon his right hon . friend , because he was no more , it was rather strange that he should attempt to throw out reflections upon his noble friend ( lord Henry Petty ) , who was absent . replied , that he should not be deterred from commenting on the statements of the noble lord , whenever a proper opportunity occurred ; and that he thought his absence extraordinary when the house were about to go into a committee of Supply . The house then resolved itself into a committee of Supply ; and the report on the resolutions respecting the Ways and Means being brought up , and the first resolution read , rose to state , that he should 589 feel it his duty to oppose the additional tax on Sugar . also said , that he should take an opportunity to state some objections to the resolutions generally , and in particular to that which went to make such an increase on the Property Tax . said , that he could not approve of taking away the exemptions under the Property Tax . He should also ask the noble lord , whether be meant to comprise military officers , clergy with small incomes , and those who had only a life interest in an estate , under the operation of the Tax ? thought , that as the noble lord had expressed a wish that the consideration of the Resolutions should be postponed , it would be but fair at present , to abstain from any discussion of them till Monday , when it could be entered in at full length and with every advantage . expressed himself obliged to the right hon . gent . who had spoke last ; but while he was up , he would take the opportunity of replying to the question that had been put ; that it was intended to exempt military officers and clergymen of small incomes , though not those who had only a life interest in their property.—The several resolutions being read , the farther consideration of them was postponed till Monday . The royal assent was given by commission to the two Exchequer Bills bill , the Felons ' Transportation bill , and to several other public and private bills . The commissioners were , the lord chancellor , lord Auckland , lord Walsingham —Lord Grenville rose and moved the order of the day for taking into consideration his majesty 's most gracious message , recommending the conferring some signal mark of favour on sir J. T. Duckworth , for the late important service performed by him to the country . His lordship observed , that having so recently had an occasion to direct the attention and admiration of the house to those glorious and useful services , he should not vainly attempt to amplify by words what must be so gratefully felt by their lordships , and by the country at large . He should therefore content himself with moving , that an humble address be presented to his majesty , assuring his majesty , that that house would cheerfully attend 590 and give effect to his majesty 's most gracious recommendation . The motion was agreed to , nem . diss . rose to move an address to his majesty , praying for the production of certain papers . They were of two descriptions ; one alluded to the Additional Force bill , and to the number of men raised under its operation in each county and parish ; the other referred to the general recruiting service for the different corps of which the army was composed . He should not now enquire , for he could not expect an answer to such a question , whether it was the intention of