, or the stable-keeper , to refuse giving testimony , on the ground of their answers obliging them to restore those things which they had so improperly received . if this were the law , whatever inconveniences might result from it , witnesses would perpetually claim this privilege , either from fear , or through favour . The point had not as yet been settled by any solemn decision , after a full argument ; but , from all the lights that he could derive , and from the monstrous inconvenience that would result from the contrary supposition , he declared his opinion , as to the first question , that a witness is bound to answer all such answers as do not expose him , either to criminal prosecution , 236 penalty or forfeiture ; and as to the second question , that the same rule applies to the witnesses on a trial , or a suit , where his majesty is either plaintiff or prosecutor . was of the same opinion . In the courts of equity , not only a person might be compelled to answer questions which would severely affect their pecuniary interests , but bills of discovery were filed , for the express purpose of obtaining an answer upon oath , which answer might be read as evidence in the courts of law . The rule had been laid down by lord Mansfield , which had been generally considered as the true one , that in all cases where a witness could be forced to answer by a court of equity , in order that his answer might be read as evidence in a court of law , in , all such cases , a court of law should compel him to answer at the trial . The only cases where a party could refuse to answer in a court of equity , were , when such answer would expose him to either criminal prosecution or to penalty or forfeiture . This was what he conceived the rule also at common law , and that it most unquestionably ought to be the rule , for he thought there could be no reason assigned why a man should conceive himself privileged to conceal the truth , or to refuse to do justice between A. and B. on the ground that if he did so , C. might have an action against him ; which would be to say in other words , `` the public must not call upon me to give evidence , or do justice between A. and B. because such evidence night prevent me from acting unjustly by C. or D. to whom I should wish to act unjustly , and from whom I should wish to withhold a just debt . `` As to the authorities upon the point , there were on one side a great variety of opinions , expressed at Nisi Prius , and on the other , the rule so laid down by lord Mansfield , and which he now considered to be the law with respect to evidence . There had been also a case in the court of exchequer , where an . attachment was ordered against a witness , for refusing to answer on these grounds . When he considered the practice of the courts of equity , and the manner in which this practice had been adopted in the courts of law , and also when he considered the great obstruction which would be thrown in the way of justice , if the contrary practice should prevail , he should give his decided opinion , that a witness was bound to answer questions , which did not expose him to criminal prosecution , penalty , or 237 forfeiture , even although his pecuniary interests might suffer by such answer . agreed most decidedly with the opinions which had been delivered by the judges who preceded him . He considered that it would be subversive of justice , and a thing not to be endured , if agents , brokers , or persons who managed insurances , were to decline being examined on the ground