The French army , I have understood , was then kept up by voluntary inlistment , and the soldiers were inrolled for a term of years , more extended , however , than that now proposed . But I must beg to protest against France , even at that time , being considered as in any degree a parallel case . Her population , in proportion to those serving in her army and navy , was nearly double what ours is . Her people were poor , little industrious , and prone to a military life . She had comparatively few colonies to protect , and a considerable colonial army in existence , to whom the regulation in question did not apply . Her army in peace and in war was more equal in numbers than ours is ; in short , she had none of the difficulties to contend with in raising and supplying her army which we have , and in that , as in all despotic governments , the experiment might more safely be made , as the sovereign had always the power of military conscription , either actually in operation to fill up the deficiencies in the public force , or the right to recur to it if necessary.—So far as a precedent for it has been attempted to be found in any part of the practice of this country , the reference has rather been unfortunate , if it was meant to prove thereby that the ranks of the army would be immediately filled by the adopting of such inducement . It certainly is true , that the East-India company were , for a number of years , in 703 the habit of levying men to serve in their European regiments abroad for the term of seven years ; but it is not less true , although service in the East Indies is generally popular , that as an inducement it did not in this instance operate to fill their battalions ; on the contrary , they were always peculiarly weak in numbers , and inefficient , and were nearly all reduced , expressly on this account , during lord Cornwallis 's first government in India.—The advantages which the right hon . gent . wishes to derive from it as counteracting desertion , seem to me also very much exaggerated , if not wholly unfounded . In part of his argument , though with a different view , he adverted to the great number of desertions which had taken place in the men raised under the Additional Force act ; yet these are men raised for limited service . If the returns are examined , above one-fourth of the whole desertions of the army will be found to have taken place from amongst the men raised for limited service , although the total numbers of that description of force do not compose above one-eighth of the whole regular army . I do not quote this fact with a view of maintaining that the men being engaged for a term of years disposes them the more to desert ; all I contend is , that it does not materially prevent them ; and I believe it will be found that desertion is always most frequent amongst new levies , whatever may be their engagement : and in this respect the right hon . gent . 's system will rather tend to multiply desertions , by materially increasing in the army the number of recruits in proportion to the old seasoned soldiers , who seldom are found to desert.—Upon the whole of this part of the , plan , I see nothing but hazard and inconvenience . The right hon . gent . may perhaps comfort himself with the reflection that the evils predicted can not be felt in his day , and he may leave the future war-minister , seven years hence , to provide as he can against the effects of this fatal redemption of his own pledges ; but in the view of parliament this will afford but poor consolation , if the principles of weakness and decay are thereby to be deeply implanted