to be , than as what they really were . They were , he believed , a class of mankind rather acmated by the impulse of the moment , than by any views to remoter considerations , and by no means as men of the refined feeling or sentiments which the right hon . gent . appeared to consider them as possessed of . Having thus expressed his general sentiments , he concluded by declaring , that he should vote for the repeal of the bill , so far , at least , as it was calculated to oppress parishes and their churchwardens . rose and spoke as follows : —I gave way , sir , with the greatest satisfaction to the hon . gent . who opened this debate ; because in the very extraordinary situation in which the house is at present plac- 968 ed ; —called upon as we are to discuss questions , not immediately perhaps within our province or capacity , questions of a purely military nature ; —and having been dented by his majesty 's ministers those lights which are to be derived from the opinions of high military authorities ; —it is certainly very desirable that we should avail ourselves to the utmost of whatever professional knowledge and experience we happen to possess among ourselves ; and it is peculiarly fortunate that we do possess , in the person of the hon . gent . and others , a degree of that knowledge and experience sufficient to enlighten and direct our decisions . If sir , from this feeling I gave way to the hon . gent . with satisfaction , that satisfaction certainly has not been diminished by finding in his judgment and authority the confirmation of those opinions which the best attention that I could bestow upon the subject , and the best inquiries that I have had an opportunity of making , had led me to form and to bring down to this house , subject to be corrected here by fuller discussion , and better information . —I am not sorry to have been preceded also by the hon . gent . who has just sat down : for though , from what fell from that hon . gent . towards the middle of his speech , I understand that I shall not have his support in the vote of this night , yet both the beginning and conclusion of that speech shewed , that the hon . gent concurs with me in his general principles , and that it is solely from local circumstances that I must on the present occasion , be deprived of that hon . gent 's . support I agree that in populous towns , and particularly in the capital , it is extremely difficult to fix on any measure of the kind which may not seem to be oppressive , and to bear unequally on different parishes ; nor am I inclined to deny that this inconvenience has been felt in the Additional Force bill . If the question now before the house were not for the repeal , but for the alteration and amendment of the act in question , the hon . gent . would not find in me any reluctance to enter fully and impartially with him into the examination of all the difficulties which may have been felt , and all the hardships which may have been suffered , under the provisions of the act , as it at present stands . He would , I think , be satisfied with my earnest desire to make every change and modification in them which might render them more easily practicable , and less harsh to the local interests , or feelings , of any portion of the community . But I submit that the true view of the question now before the house , is that the hon . 969 general , who opened the debate , has taken of it . It is not whether the Additional Force act shall be altered or modified . It is not merely whether the provisions and enactments of that act shall be