favour of his ideas , that , in point of number and authority , they were so much at variance , and the balance so evenly poised , that it was difficult to decide which way the preponderance prevailed ; but , upon the whole , he thought it rather in favour of the principle of limited enlistment . There were received the opinions of 14 military officers ; 6 were rather in favour of the right hon . gent . 's opinion ; 7 decidedly in favour of his own ; and one might be held disputable : but he thought the claim for authority lay on his own side . These opinions were applied to three distinct points , as to the probable operation of the principle : 1st , as to its effect on enlistments ; 2dly , as to its effect on discipline ; and 3dly , as to its effect on colonial service . Now , 3 out of the 6 who favoured the opinion of the right hon . gent . thought the principle would have no injurious effect on the service , and that it certainly must operate to increase recruits : others said , it was impossible but it should produce some advantages , and must certainly give to the army a better order of men : some , again , said it was inexpedient ; and others , that it should not be tried in time of war . This , then , being the state of opinions on each side , the house would judge whether his majesty 's ministers could have any other possible motive for withholding those documents , than a sense of duty ; besides , what advantage could they have in withholding them ? or of what use could they be to the house if they were promulgated ? for they could only prove that military men , equally respectable in authority , differed in opinion on the subject . It was not a very pleasant thing for ministers to be called on publicly to communicate the confidential opinions of military officers , privately given for the information and guidance of the commander in chief , as to the best probable means of increasing 782 the public force ; and though certainly great occasions might occur in which such a delicacy might be overruled by the urgent necessity of the case , yet he did not conceive the present an occasion that called for such a communication nor would it be the most candid or delicate treatment of those military officers , to publish to parliament and to the country , without their consent , or any information to them of such purpose , the private and confidential opinions so given . Such a procedure might have a very serious effect upon the future communication between military officers and their commander in chief , on other occasions , and might be productive of very disagreeable consequences , and was certainly not desirable for adoption , when not absolutely necessary . Beside , even if the letters were laid before the house , it would only lead to a comparison of opinions and authorities , extremely unpleasant to gentlemen on both sides ; neither would it give the house a single fact or opinion , that it did not know already , and which had not already been urged on both sides of the question . Was it , then , worth while , for the sake of any advantages the house could possibly hope to derive from the production of those papers , to forego such obvious objections as he had stated ? The same objections would apply to the project of calling military men to be examined at the bar of the house ; every gentleman who might have a favourite general , upon whose talents he built his own reliance , would start up in his place , reject all other authority , and ask why HE was not consulted ? The right hon . gent . had made some allusion to young and unexperienced military commanders : he knew not whether he had