who had answered the questions in the affirmative , had all drawn from thence the grounds of those opinions.—The clause was received and added to the bill . still considering his bill for the more effectual Discovery of Truth from Witnesses to be necessary , moved its second reading , observing , however , that he should move in the committee to alter the preamble , and make it a bill for the better protection of witnesses . The object of the bill , he stated , was to prevent the evidence given by witnesses from being afterwards made use of against themselves.—The bill was read a second time , and committed for Friday . New writs were ordered for the borough of Lyme Regis , in the room of the hon . T. Fane , who had accepted the Chiltern hundreds ; and also for the borough of Queenborough , in the room of G. P. Moore , esq . who had accepted the office of steward of the manor of East Hendred.—Mr . Holford brought up the report of the committee to whom the petition of the Philanthropic Society , for the education of the children of felons , was referred . In pursuance of the report , he moved for , and obtained leave to bring in , a bill for the better government and regulation of that society.—Mr . W. Dundas moved for , and obtained leave to bring in , a bill , for the further continuance of an act which was on the point of expiring , for the securing a more expeditious payment of creditors in Scotland.—The Irish Clergy Residence bill passed through the committee.—The bill for Allowing the Importation of Wool from the British colonies in America , was read a second time.—On the motion of general Tarleton , the ordnance estimates , presented by Mr. Calcraft , were ordered to be printed for the use of the members.—Mr . Paull moved for , a Copy of a Protest , dated in 1803 , from the then chairman of the court of directors , against the measures pursued in Oude , and which led to the treaty of 1801 , and which treaty was approved of by the secret committee , as appears from their minute of the 19th of Nov. now before the house , Ordered . On the motion of lord Temple , the house went into a committee on this bill . said , he would not object to suspend the operation of the existing laws respecting the woollen manufacturers , against those violations which had been hitherto made , but he must object to the continuing this suspension still farther , he considered that the violators of the law were comparatively few , and that the trespassers and intruders bore but a small proportion to the number of those engaged in the trade . In opposing them , he therefore took the side that he always wished to take , that of the many against the few . Those who proposed the bill , and the many country members who were favourable to it , he considered were rather taking the part of the few against the many . He therefore should propose a clause , `` That this bill should only operate to prevent prosecutions from those violations of the existing laws which had already taken place , but should not prevent prosecutions for violations which might be committed hereafter . '' said , that the reason why so many gentlemen supported the bill was , that it had become evident in the course of the trade , that the principles of many of those very old acts of parliament , would be at present inapplicable , and highly injurious to the woollen manufacture . He did not wish absolutely to decide upon the policy of those old acts , but as it was at present very doubtful , he thought it would be the best way for the house to go into a committee , when they would be able to obtain the fullest information on the subject . thought that the hon . gent .