which they might remain until ministers brought forward their system . With respect to the wonderful efficacy so recently discovered in the operation of the Additional Force bill , he begged to know on what authority the right hon . gent . made his assertion ? or how that bill , when administered by him and his friends , should be so unproductive , and yet so effective now that they had ceased to have the management of it ? The hon . member said , he could not speak from official documents , for he had recourse to none ; but he could speak from the authority of those who had recourse to such information , and tell the right hon . gent . that this recent efficacy in the bill was not the effect of its natural operation , but the work of crimps and recruiting officers , in turning over to the parish levies , men under size for the line and militia . In respect to the delay of which he had complained , six weeks only had elapsed since his right hon . friend had come into office ; a period surely not unreasonable to require for investigating the whole military system of the country , and endeavouring to form a system free from those defects and blunders , with which it was fraught under his predecessors ! As to the lecture of the noble lord to his right hon . friend , he should only say , that if there was any mark to direct to the proper course to be pursued , it was to do the very reverse of what the noble lord had adopted whilst he was a member of the administration . said , that at another time , he might be inclined to go more at large into the general topics that had been introduced into this discussion , but in the present instance he meant only to observe shortly upon some points that had been touched upon by the right hon . gent . opposite , ( Mr. Canning ) . That right hon . gent . had stated , that the present administration comprised all the talents in the country ; and he had even stated it in such a manner as might lead to a supposition that they had so represented themselves . He should be happy that the right hon . gent . would state on what occasion he had heard them so represent themselves . It was impossible that they could have said 467 so , when they saw the right hon . gent . on the other side of the house . It would be ridiculous in any person to insinuate that ministry comprised all the talent of the country , when the right hon . gent . was out of office . Not only the right hon . gent . but his colleagues on the same bench with him , had made such a representation impossible , particularly by the display of talent which they had already made in opposition . This declaration he ( Mr. Fox ) made for himself and his colleagues . It was possible some of the friends of the present administration , thinking too highly of their merits , might from prejudice or partiality have so described them , but he thought it was hardly for the friends of a right hon . gent . lately deceased , ( Mr. Pitt ) to be the first to object to that species of compliment . He had never , so far as that right hon . gent . was concerned , observed the right hon . gent . opposite an enemy to panegyric ; let him look to what he himself had said of his late right hon . friend , and perhaps he would not think the partiality of friends so unwarrantable . With respect to his right hon . friend near him ( Mr. Windham ) , the right hon . gent . had said , that he had no opinion of him , nor any confidence in him as a war minister , and that