when he was lying on a bed of sickness , not without good grounds , he trusted , for hoping his recovery , but with the danger necessarily incident to such a situation . It was not however what must be the feelings of any one on such an occasion , that was to be considered : men must perpetually be compelled to do , at the call of duty , what was in the highest degree unpleasant and painful to them . But it happened here , that what made the task painful , did , in the same degree , disqualify them for the performance of it . Even this consideration however could not long delay the discussion in question . The moment must be at hand , should the right hon . gent . 's illness be prolonged , when the public interest could no longer wait , and when this task must be performed , with whatever pain or at whatever disadvantage . But the pressure of public affairs , great as it was , would still , it was hoped , allow of a short respite , such as was now proposed ; and if so , every one must wish , that such respite should be given . Let us hope , in the mean while , that some favourable change may take place , which , if it can not remove that part of our embarrassments which arise from the absence of the right hon . gent. , may free us at least from that gloom and depression which the apprehended extinction of great and transcendent talent and high qualifications , in the midst of the most splendid fortune , can not fail to produce even in the minds of those who may have been most opposed to the political system of which they made part . rose to give a notice respecting a motion for the repeal of the Additional Force bill . That bill had been tried , and 22 was found to fail completely in producing the effects expected from it by its admirers . He had a very considerable number with him when he before moved for its repeal , though certainly he had not a majority at that time . Now , however , he hoped that many who disagreed with him then , would , on a subsequent motion for its repeal , cordially vote with him . He was proceeding to make some farther observations , when observed , that he must remind the hon . gent . that at present he must confine himself to the notice . replied , that he was only about to say a very few words , but he should only now state , that on an early day he would give notice of a motion for the repeal of the bill . said , that some alterations were intended to be made in it which might meet the most serious objections that could be brought against it . replied that no alterations could possibly render it tit to be continued in force any longer . gave notice , that on Thursday he would move the thanks of the house to the brave officers and seamen of the fleets which had gained the brilliant naval victory on the 21st of October , off Cape Trafalgar ; and to the officers and seamen of sir R. Strachan 's squadron , which had taken four of the enemy 's ships on the 4th of November . informed the house , that his majesty would be graciously pleased to receive their lordships ' address to morrow at half past two.—The lord Chancellor stated to the house that lie had duly transmitted the vote of thanks of that house , passed on the 13th of May , 1804 , to marquis Wellesley , and that he had received , during the recess , an answer from that nobleman . Understanding , however , that that noble lord was now in England , and had been in that house , he thought it would be more consistent with the forms of the house for the