that patronage , in the hands of a numerous body belonging to the middle classes of society , can be attended with no political danger . And here , sir , I can not refrain from taking the liberty to exhort those distinguished persons who are high in his majesty 's counsels , to be extremely cautious of encouraging any idea of altering the constitution which the law has established for British India . After a long acquaintance with that country . I feel myself warranted to say , that no other constitution would be so beneficial or so safe for it . The Indian empire was originally acquired , preserved , and maintained by the company , at their own hazard and with little assistance from the state ; and they have since managed it more for the benefit of both countries than for their own ; for they derive nothing but their dividend from all their vast concerns . The advantages received from India do not result from investment only . The tide of private fortunes , which is continually flowing to us from it , greatly enhances our national wealth ; the customs and duties paid on the commerce with it augment the public revenue ; and how much does the possession of an empire there raise the political consequence of this nation ? It is true these advantages result rather to the public at large than to the East-India company : but the company are not therefore to relinquish their rights of sovereignty . They have also still a large eventual interest in its prosperity by the settlement of the guarantee fund , although the fatal event which deranged the state of Europe ( the French revolution ) , has hitherto frustrated much of the benefit reasonably expected by us from India . To a period of war during twelve years , the consequence of the French revolution , and to that chiefly is to be ascribed the failure in the annual payment of the 500,000l . stipulated to government . The increased expences consequent on European war , and of expeditions undertaken in India against the enemies of the country , ab- 211 sorbed the funds from which that payment was to come . There never was , after the first year , such a surplus as was in contemplation of the law ; nor , therefore , has any payment been since made , nor any , debt incurred on account of it ; but the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) has explained the whole of this subject so clearly , that I need say nothing more upon it.—The hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) has said , that the company can not even purchase their investment without loss : that having been habituated to obtain it , in fact for nothing , they fell into habits of extravagance in the provision of it , and lost sight of true commercial principles . I can assure the house , that since the first arrival of lord Cornwallis in India , now near twenty years ago , the company 's investment has been purchased as carefully and economically as the goods of private merchants can be . I have something more than more knowledge for this assertion . The hon . gent . who has brought forward this motion has affirmed , that the company derive no profit from their Indian commerce , indeed that they have no such commerce ; but that even their dividends are paid from money borrowed at a high interest in India . Sir , this is a monstrous proposition . I am ready to prove that the company do derive a profit from their Indian commerce even now , when their investments from abroad are much reduced , and the times are unfavourable , and that the dividends of the company arise from commercial profits . The same hon . gent . has said that the company have remitted to India to the amount of 8 millions sterling in money and goods , and that bills to a like amount have been drawn on them from India