to worth so great , talents so 130 transcendant , and services so extraordinary . The debts which were to be discharged , were contracted while the great man who was no more , was in the public service , and wholly devoted to his official duties ; it was therefore the duty of the country to discharge them . The country was the more called upon , as the illustrious person , as soon as he retired from office , adopted a system of retrenchment for the purpose of enabling him to reduce them by the produce of his economy . For this purpose he sold one of his country places , and this system of economy he continued after he returned to office . The hon . gent . said , he would not be the advocate of extravagance . He challenged any man to say , on looking over the list of these debts , that any one of the items could be considered as extravagant . He trusted that as no one ground on which the motion was founded could be denied , and as these grounds were amply sufficient , to warrant the motion , the vote would be unanimous . And he was the more warranted in this hope , as there was no point of political dissension comprehended in the motion . One or two arguments might perhaps be urged against the motion . Some might think it would have been better to have paid these debts by means of a subscription ; others might be fearful that this example would afford a precedent for less warrantable claims upon the public . With respect to the first of these objections , the only question was , whether the debts should be discharged by the nation collectively , or by the individuals of whom the nation was . composed , and it would be unjust to deprive the nation of the preference . With respect to the second objection , this was but the second instance of such an application ; and he trusted this vote would meet the same unanimous concurrence as that passed on account of the late lord Chatham . It was right that parliament should be jealous in cases like this , but that jealousy should not stand in the way of the just claims of distinguished merit . The debt was , in his opinion , the debt of the country , and the example of paying it would not be near so mischievous as the example of refusing to pay it . The example would not hold good except in cases of similar merit . The greater number of such cases we should have , the better it would be for the country ; and on this ground , he trusted that this instance would not be singular . He trusted that no ground or 131 difference of opinion would be found , and that therefore the vote would be unanimous . felt satisfaction in thinking , that it was as easy to concur in this vote , as it was difficult for him to agree to that which was proposed a few nights since . Every thing that related to great talents , long services , and those abilities that were ornaments to the country , demanded and received his approbation . The present motion had his assent , as it fell within the distinction he had already drawn respecting public honours and munificence . It called for no vote of approbation in favour of an individual for the whole of a long and varied course of public measures and public conduct , in contradiction to the opinions held or expressed by any gentleman , on various occasions , in the course of that public career . No man had a right to call on another for any approbation of that nature , and he felt that every man so attempted to be called upon , had an undoubted right to complain . In viewing the character of the deceased , no one could ascribe to him any low attachment to pecuniary gain ; his mind was