wish to make the comparison just stated . If what the hon . gent . had said was the fact , as to the relinquishment of salary intended to be made by the head of the civil commission , that would add 3000l . to the sum to be accounted for . afterwards moved for , `` an account of the expences incurred by the commissioners of naval enquiry in each year since the establishment of that board , specifying the items by which the same 456 have been incurred , to the end of the year 1805 , '' which was ordered . brought up the report of the committee of supply , containing the resolutions respecting the Ordnance Estimates . On the motion that these be read a second time , took this opportunity of making some observations , which he felt it his duty to submit to the house . He was very anxious to know the fate of what had been so much ridiculed under the title of the Parish bill , a bill which was nevertheless become highly productive , having furnished in the last week 353 men . It was likewise important to ascertain the determination of government with regard to that very meritorious , very useful , and very respectable body , the Volunteers , who had been treated by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) when he was on the opposition bench , with such derision . He had been a military man thirty years , a great part of which had been spent in active duty ; perhaps more would have been so , had it not been for his violent attachment to some gentlemen whom he then saw on the treasury bench . He could assure the right hon . gent . that their ideas of war materially differed . He was not for setting to with all the formality of boxers , but of using every stratagem and every means within reach . It was now near the end of March , and our military preparations were standing still . Another right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) had borrowed a naval cloak front a right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Canning ) , but he had not found it warm enough to bring him down to the house , to move for the repeal of which he had given notice at an early period of the session . He remembered that right hon . gent . 's having compared a late administration ( the one which preceded the last ) to a team composed of black horses and bay , drawing different ways , by whom he predicted that the state coach would he highly endangered . He should like to know what he could say of the present government , in which there were horses of all colours and all descriptions , black , white , dun , and dapple , some pulling in one direction , some plunging in another , some kicking , others prancing ; no accord , no union , nothing that could promise advantage to the country . With regard to the Ordnance Estimates before the house , they were those which had been formed by the late administration , unaltered and unimproved . He meant by this no imputation on the pre 457 sent Board of Ordnance , on the head of which particularly he passed a high encomium . In his opinion , the victory of Trafalgar had made a material difference in the situation of Great Britain . From that epoch we might consider the triumph of our navy as complete . We could not expect that the French would again dare to contend with us at sea , and we must therefore look to carry on the war in some other way . Unless some formidable continental confederacy could be formed to divert the attention of the enemy , we must expect about June , that the French troops would flock down to the coast , and in the flotilla with which their every creek and harbour swarmed , make