tied to them . The captain did not arrive here till July , 1805 , when he underwent a short examination , as every captain in the company 's service did , however fortunate his Voyage might have been . Captain Dunbar , of the Hope , stated , that a chain-shot had cut the ends that fastened the sand bags to some of the packages containing the letters : and thus these packages floated when thrown over . board , and were picked up . warmly replied , that the dispatches , even if shot away , could not have floated , if loaded with chain-shot , as was the custom in his time : but , if the house were satisfied with the strange explanation now given of it , he had done with the business ; though primâ facie , a communication of intelligence to the enemy was a high crime and misdemeanour ; and , if done designedly , which he did not think to be the case in this instance , would amount to high treason . But , whatever he might think of that transaction , he believed it to be true , that the court of directors was under the guidance of his majesty 's ministers . The hon . baronet seemed to insinuate , oil other occasions , as well as the present , that he was the enemy of the East-India company . Whoever thought so , should bring it forward boldly , in the way of accusation ; and , if defiance and challenge could do any thing with the hon . baronet , he would defy and challenge him , or any man , to bring forward and substantiate such a charge against him . here reminded him that he was out of order . then said , he must submit to authority ; but would beg leave to state , in explanation , that he still continued to 244 think and assert , that in all motions for papers , the court of directors was absolutely nothing . in explanation , said , that as the hon . gent . often vaunted himself to be the true friend of the East-India company , he considered it no attack on him to say , that he never thought him so —After this , the motions were agreed to . The order of the day was read for the remainder of the learned Judges to deliver their opinions , seriatim , upon the question of yesterday ; the general effect of which was , `` whether , according to law , a witness is bound to answer questions relative to the matter in issue , the answers to which do not tend to accuse himself , but establish , or tend to establish , that he owes a debt recoverable by a civil suit ? '' said , he could find nothing in any of the legal writers which was satisfactory on the subject involved in the questions referred to the Judges ; but , from the best consideration which he was enabled to give the subject , he was of opinion that a witness , under the circumstances mentioned , was not compellable to give evidence of facts which might be afterwards used against himself . as a general rule of law , was of opinion , that witnesses under such circumstances , were compellable to answer . deprecated the consequences which would ensue from the establishment of such a principle as that a witness was not compellable to answer where that answer might tend to acknowledge a debt recoverable by civil suit , as in that case a witness interested to the amount of five shillings , by refusing to give evidence might defeat the just claim of a party to ten thousand pounds . In the court in which it was his lot to preside , it would , also be productive of the worst consequences , as in revenue causes witnesses would on such a ground very frequently demur and prevent the truth from being ascertained . Judging from precedents , and from the law and