law or constitution of England , where it had uniformly been the practice to blend , in repeated instances , the judicial and legislative character . This served to prove how little , relative to the constitution of this country , could be gathered from Montesquieu . He should look to better sources for information upon that subject , namely , the Statute Book , and the practice and usage of the country . Looking at the subject in this point of view , he should trouble their lordships with a few observations as to the precedents by which the measure that had given rise to this motion , was supported , and which the noble lord had not quoted . Instead of there being only one solitary precedents , the precedents were numerous , and all tended to establish the same point . Of the period antecedent to the revolution , he should say little , because the precedents since that period might be considered as more strictly applicable . He could not avoid , however , referring to two or three cases , one of which was a statute of Edward III . which enacted the establishment of a council to assist and advise his majesty , and which expressly appointed the chief justice of the court of King 's Bench to be a member of that council . A more remarkable precedent occurred in the reign of Charles II . in the year 1672 , when sir William Temple advised the king to establish a privy council , for the purpose of conciliating the people , and rendering the government more popular . A privy council was in consequence assembled , consisting of fifteen persons , who held offices , and of ten members of that house , and five of the other house , who were not in office . The king addressed them at their first meeting , stating the reasons why certain persons holding offices were summoned to attend the council . The lord high treasurer , his majesty stated , was summoned to give advice relative to finance ; the lord high admiral , on matters relating to the navy ; and the lord high chancellor , and the chief justice of the King 's Bench , it was expressly stated , to give advice to his majesty on matters relating to law . These were all the precedents anterior to the Revolution with which he would trouble their lordships , only stating by the bye the act of Henry VIII . out of which arose 262 the establishment of a privy council , and whose duty was stated to be to examine into matters of sedition , & c. and commit the offenders.—Subsequent to the Revolution , the precedents were numerous . The act of the 4th and 5th of Anne was strictly in point . By that act , which went to make provision respecting the Protestant succession , a regency was established in the event of the successor to the throne being out of the kingdom at the period of the queen 's demise , and the chief justice of the King 's Bench was expressly nominated a member of that regency , in which he was not merely to be an adviser , but himself acting immediately in an executive capacity . A similar act was passed during the minority of his present majesty , after the death of the late prince of Wales , and also after the birth of the present prince of Wales , in both of which the chief justice of the King 's Bench was expressly included . All these precedents , therefore , fully recognised the principle with respect to the chief justice of the King 's Bench assisting in his majesty 's councils , and proved that it was an established principle in the law and constitution of the country . With respect to the objection started by the noble lord against chief justices concurring in prosecutions against , or attending the examinations of persons whom they were afterwards to try in their capacity as judges , it had been the constant