and I take this opportunity of declaring in the face of this house , that with the Nabob of Oude , or with any potentate on the continent of ill-fated India ) I am as unconnected as with 39 the emperor of France , nor will I allow with impunity insinuations calculated to injure , through me , the cause of truth and justice : the unfairness of such aspersions , no man knows better than marquis Wellesley himself . said , that similar motions to those now brought forward had led to nothing but great trouble and enormous expence . He trusted , therefore , that the house would pause before it would consent to grant papers , under such circumstances , to any individual , however respectable he might be . This was one objection he felt to the motions of the hon . gent . There was another too , which equally weighed within his mind . The papers , that had already been produced , had got into the hands of translators , through whom the French government had obtained the information they contained ; a circumstance that had proved materially prejudicial to the interests of the Company . The importance of it to the French government was such , that Bonaparte would have given half the revenues of France to have obtained it . Besides , he should ask , whether the present was a proper time to agitate such questions ? Under the influence of these objections , he should feel it his duty to divide the house . When a member was conscious of being actuated by a sense of duty , he should not be ashamed to avow his feelings . The hon . gent . had said , that the papers , when produced , would criminate the conduct of the noble marquis ; but this he begged leave to deny , as he was convinced in his conscience that no one of them would affect the public or private character of that noble lord ; and if it were possible for him to attend in that house , he was sure he would say in reply to the motions , 'give all the papers . ' Besides , it would have the most dangerous effect , if it should be thought on the continent of India , that all the treaties and engagements that had been entered into with the native powers , could be rescinded by a vote of parliament . It was certainly competent to parliament to enquire into the conduct of the marquis Wellesley ; but this was not the time , and for all these reasons he should certainly take the sense of the house . said , he was not in the house when the motions were proposed ; but as in adverting to the mischiefs that had arisen from similar motions , the hon . baronet seemed to allude to those made by 40 himself , he felt it necessary to say a few words . If any mischief had arisen from the production of the papers he had moved for , it was chargeable only on the board of controul , which had the power of deciding which of them might be produced with safety , and was at liberty to withhold such as could not be published , consistently with the public interest . As to the objection respecting the expences that would attend printing the papers moved for , it might have some weight with vulgar minds ; but it was not to be tolerated in that house , when an enquiry was to be instituted respecting the management of the affairs of India , the revenues of which were estimated at fifteen millions . With respect to his own opinion of marquis Wellesley 's conduct , he had stated it to the house and to the country , and saw no reason to alter it . He was not to be awed or intimidated into an abandonment of his principles . The hon . baronet had stated , that considerable danger arose from the intelligence derived to the enemy from