to withhold any information on the grounds alledged , was it in their power to do so without incurring disgrace ? Were there not members in that house sufficiently acquainted with those documents , to know whether any of them were withheld ? Would the directors permit any such connivance on the part of the board , without making such remonstrances as would expose the motives of their conduct ? Such a discretionary power , he thought , might with safety be invested in the board . Their responsibility was a pledge to the house , that such discretionary power was not likely 496 to be abused , and it was a power that had , always been given . by no means agreed with the right hon . member who had brought forward this motion , that such a discretionary power could be lodged with safety in the hands of any board . Should they be invested with this power , they might make any use of it they pleased , and at the same time not be responsible . He did not consider precedent as a good argument in favour of this measure . Such precedents were not to be followed , for if the measure itself was bad , it could not be justified by any precedent , and to adopt it would be only adding another precedent for a bad measure . The discretionary power he would allow to reside in his majesty 's ministers , but he would by no means concede such a power to any board whatever . And even this discretionary power he insisted was only given to ministers on certain terms ; they were not invested at large with such powers , but were entitled to come to the house and state their objections to the production of any particular paper , or any part of a paper on public grounds , and the house relying on their responsibility , were entitled to sustain their objections ; but such an extended discretionary power as was proposed by this motion , invested without any controul , even in ministers , would be extremely dangerous , and if not granted to them , how could it be reconciled with propriety to grant it to any board whatever ? The fair and open way , he thought , for gentlemen to follow on this occasion , was , after perusing the papers , and finding some parts of them of a nature not to be laid before the house , to come down and avow it , and receive permission , on their responsibility , to withhold them . The argument the right hon . member had used in favour of his motion made more against it than for it ; for if he had not perused the papers , how could he know that they contained any thing that was not proper to be laid before the house ? While he avowed his ignorance of this circumstance , nothing could be more improper than so extended a discretionary power . He hoped the hon . gent . who had opposed the motion would persevere in his intention to take the sense of the house upon it . said , in explanation , that in his motion of June 1805 , he had introduced no such discretionary power . It had been introduced by others , and he had been 497 induced to accede to it , or otherwise lose the object of his motion . He did not , therefore , the less condemn the practice . found himself involved in some , difficulty on this occasion . The precedent bad been established last year . If a question had been started upon it then , or if it was a new question now , he should have no difficulty in saying , that he should prefer adhering to the old practice of leaving ministers on such occasions , to act on their general responsibility . He admitted that there were two ways in which a discretionary power might be given to ministers : the first was , as a noble lord opposite