determine this how this variance could be reconciled to the 772 common sense of mankind . He was , however , very far from being disposed to agree to this observation of Mr. justice Blackstone ; for , to carry it to its full extent , it would tend to destroy all distinction between courts of law and courts of equity . The apprehension entertained heretofore upon this subject was , that the courts of law might one day carry the rule as far as a court of equity ; but the effect of the bill would be , to make them go much farther . As far as he was informed on the subject , no law yet made , ever imposed on a defendant the necessity of proving that his demand was not a just one ; otherwise a man who had no evidence by which he could enforce a claim , might prove it by the oath of the plaintiff himself , give a full disclosure , and afterwards subject him to the penalties of perjury , for not giving evidence against himself ; a principle which be believed was not to be found in the judicial or municipal proceedings of any country . So far was it otherwise with us , that in all cases or felony , the judges were in the habit of cautioning witnesses against making admissions , or giving any evidence which might eventually subject themselves to punishment . By the old law of England , until the reign of king William , when it was abrogated , a man , even in actions of trespass , was liable to amercement , for not obeyihg the king 's writ ; but no attempt was ever made , even in former times , to exact from any defendant a confession of that disobedience which would subject him to a penalty . The general rules of evidence , in common law , were not governed by statutes , nor by any analogy with the proceedings of the courts of equity ; for down to the statute of Henry VIII . no such thing as a court of chancery was ever known to the laws of England . Another bad consequence would , in his opinion , result from the law , as it was now proposed , which was , that for the purpose of enforcing it , the courts of law must , before their decisions upon such points , be acquainted with the practice of the court of chancery , which every one conversant with it must know , was only to be learned in that court itself : thus they made the rules of common law courts conformable to those of another court , which was not recognised , or even known , in law , at the time that these rules were established . For all these reasons , he considered the objections offered , to be invalid , unless it should be proved that the proviso itself was unnecessary . in reply to what was asked by his right hon . and learned friend , in one part of his speech , was happy in being able to declare to him his decided opinion , that after this bill should pass into a law , the judges would be as much , at liberty to protect a witness from any disclosure , by omission of the conditions of forfeiture , or any defect of title to estates , as they would be , if there were no such law in existence . He would not presume to state , that the ingenuity of some gentlemen might not devise a case , but his imagination was incapable of forming to himself any , in which a witness , if questioned as to any defect of his title , might not answer , under the sanction and protection of the court , `` I do not think myself obliged , and therefore will not answer any question , the effect of which may be to deprive me of my estate . '' In considering the opinions as delivered by the twelve