most perfect purity in his motives . This public observation was a most wholesome and salutary check and controul over the judges and all the magistrates of the land . Although the chief justice might have many political adversaries , he did not believe there were any who could reasonably entertain a doubt or suspicion of his being influenced in his functions as a judge , by his political situation or connections . Of the many great men who had presided in the court of chancery , lord Somers , lord Hardwicke , lord Thurlow , and the noble and learned lord ( Eldon ) , he never had heard the slightest suspicion thrown out that their conduct in their legal capacity was at all influenced by their political connections . And yet , it appeared to him , that the situation of lord chancellor was much more dependent upon the crown than that of lord chief justice . The lord chancellor could be removed at pleasure . The situation of lord chief justice was for life . Besides , that the lord chief justice decided instantly the cases that came before him , there was no opportu- 272 nity for private communications being made to influence his determination . He was bound to determine by a precise rule , the lex scripta ; whereas the lord chancellor must determine , in a great measure , by the general principles of equity which were in his own breast . If , therefore , it were to be put entirely as a question of expedience , he could see no reason why it was more inexpedient , generally speaking , that a lord chief justice should have a seat in the Cabinet , than that the lord chancellor should sit there . For these reasons he felt a perfect conviction in his mind , that the motion could produce no beneficial effect ; but that it would only tend to preclude his majesty from calling to his council , many men of great abilities , and to diminish the number of those who might naturally be looked to for advice and assistance . The noble lord concluded by declaring , that , under these impressions , he felt it his duty to give his negative to the motion . professed to feel a high respect for the character of the noble and learned lord ( Ellenborough ) in his judicial capacity , but disapproved of the idea of uniting in the same person the very different characters of minister of state and judge in a criminal court . He would by no means wish to agitate this or any other question with a view of diminishing the confidence that he thought it necessary the present government should have in the actual circumstances of affairs . For his part , he felt no want of confidence , or jealousy of the present government , when he saw the noble lord ( Grenville ) at the head of it . There were parts of the administration which , if they stood alone , would not have obtained his confidence , but , united as they were , he saw no reasonable ground for jealousy or distrust . As to the word `` Cabinet , '' although it might have been but lately introduced , still it was a term that was generally understood , not only in this country but all over Europe . The members of the Cabinet were considered the responsible advisers of the crown , and the lord chief justice , in that capacity , might be brought to that bar and impeached , when his presence might be necessary in the King 's Bench in his judicial capacity . As a minister , his majesty might be addressed to remove him from his presence and councils for ever , and yet , as lord chief justice , his majesty could not remove him , as long as in his judicial 273 capacity he should conduct himself without reproach . It was for these reasons that it appeared to him generally inexpedient that a lord chief justice should be called