had the East-India company 668 done otherwise than they did , their recruiting could not have gone on . I am assured , on the authority of an officer of high rank , that they were scrupulous and exact to a degree , as to providing for the men 's return whose terms were expired , and that they sent them home with the accommodation of the company 's own ships , which was the best accommodation they could have . Therefore there was nothing that the men could complain of . This is a most powerful and authority ; for if you can with no inconvenience carry on the service by enlisting for a term of years in so distant a colony , you can surely do so here . Among the remedies , would be the establishment of that branch of the army which has been approved by the highest authority ; I mean the Second Battalions.—If I were asked what I would do with the men whose terms of service were near expiring , I should say , put them into the second battalions . It is curious to observe how carelessly many plans are objected to : for among many well-written opinions drawn up with much care and industry by persons who are supposed to be best acquainted with the subject , one is the immense expence that will consequently attend the having so often to renew the bounties . This is to suppose , what I think will not be the case , that the bounties will continue as they are at present . It does not follow that they are to be always the same , though the reduction can not take place all at once . If the system I propose is persevered in , I am convinced the bounties will be reduced to nothing . It is urged that if limited service is adopted , we must be losing constantly a number of men at the expiration of the term of their service ; that is , if you enlist for 8 years , you must , at time end of 8 years , lose an 8th of your army . Such a calculation might do , supposing that none of the men were to die , but delivered up their services at the end of their time . But you can not make the calculation as you would with reference to annuities or leases . The fact is , the number of people you would lose that way , would be very inconsiderable . Many would not be alive , but would be replaced by others , and many would have received encouragement in the way of promotion which would attach them by interest to the service , and others would , from having become habituated to a military life , not be disposed to claim their discharge . With respect to men on foreign service in the East and 669 West Indies , I am aware I am not at liberty to argue as to the number who would claim to be discharged . It may be said at the same time , that this circumstance may give rise to competition amongst regiments who would wish to have those men at the expiration of their service . I do not apprehend any thing of this kind ; but if it were possible even to happen , the remedy for it is obvious and easy . If a soldier should have a strong desire , at the expiration of his term of service in one regiment , to go to another regiment , I do not see why this desire may not be gratified , on certain terms . If , from any circumstance , he should so much prefer another regiment as to be content to purchase the exchange with the loss of three years ' service out of seven , I should consider it hard to prevent him . It will be sufficient for the sake of discipline , that there should be this considerable discouragement to the changing his regiment , at the expiration of his term.—I have