as to the course of policy which they meant to follow with regard to India . No intention appeared to exist , either on the part of his majesty 's government , the board of controul , or the court of directors , to abandon the course of which all sides of the house expressed their approbation ; and therefore no pledge was requisite . If any variation of circumstances should call for a change of system , an explanation would of course become necessary . But in the present instance he did not think that any further explanation or pledge could be fairly required . concurred with what had fallen from the right hen . gent . ( Mr. For ) : he did not see that any necessity had been shewn for the production of the papers which had been moved , but at the same time he saw no objection to their being produced , especially as the contents of them were already pretty public , and as 384 the hon . mover had , in his speech , read a long extract from one of those letters ( which , as an East-India proprietor , he had seen ) he thought that it would be the best way to produce the papers , in order that the whole of the letters might be before the house instead of a partial extract . He , as a member of the board of controul , had considered those treaties on which the hon . mover had made so many observations ; and he viewed those transactions in a very different light . As to that with the Rajah of Bhurtpore , it would not be fair to charge the failure of the treaty upon the maker of it . The failure was owing to the unexampled treachery and perfidy of that prince , and not to any improper conduct in Lord Wellesley , who concluded the treaty with him . He sincerely gave the hon . mover the greatest credit , for the motives which had induced him to bring forward the present motion , and was sure , that it was not at all dictated by any personal animosity to marquis Wellesley . He hoped he might also obtain credit , when he stated , that it was from public motives alone , that he was averse to prejudging any part of the conduct of lord Wellesley , which , on a future day , would come before them more regularly for discussion . allowed , that the system pursued by lord Wellesley , Was , as a military system , very splendid , and at tended with many advantages . But he could not think that a fit system for tranquillizing India , the effect of which had been to involve us in quarrels with all the native princes . In order to procure the re-establishment of the pacific system , the court of directors had with all their exertions promoted the return of lord Cornwallis to India . This noblemans death was much to be lamented , but there was no doubt that his successor would follow up his plans . He was happy to hear this system was to have the support of his majesty 's government . With respect to the measures of lord Wellesley , the court of directors neither approved of them , nor was aware of them till they Were carried into effect . He thought that the name and character of sir George Barlow ought not to be called in question , because he was not here to defend himself . I rise , sir , to support the motion , and shall endeavour , as briefly as I can , to state the views in Which I think it of importance , that the papers moved for should be laid before the house . The 385 usual argument of danger to the public interest from the disclosure of papers , is effectually done away with respect to Indian papers by those which have been already published , and most especially by the late intercepted letters which have been