of compulsion , if compulsion should be necessary to carry the training into effect , selections may be made of that portion of the mass trained in every year , for the training of 685 the whole would be , if not impracticable , at least inconvenient : for , out of the immense mass of general population , some selection must be made ; and for the purpose of making this selection , I know of no way more preferable than to do it by the way of Lot , a term which I prefer to the odious one of Ballot . This is unavoidable . Suppose you have 200,000 to train , if you can not take the whole of your proportion , why then there is no other way to choose than by the ballot . That species of lot familiarly called Ballot , seems to me to be the most convenient . I would have the people divided into three classes , between the age of 16 and 40 . The first class to comprehend all from 16 to 24 ; the second from 24 to 32 ; and the third all from 32 to 40 . I should propose that a discretionary power should be vested in the crown to call out such classes as from the emergency of the case might to the government appear proper , and in such parts of the kingdom , as it should find necessary , according to the imminence of the danger . The act I should think ought to be annual , that whatever errors should be found in it , they might be speedily remedied . As a farther mitigation of the compulsion , I would still follow the steps of the right hon . gent. , and if any should voluntarily offer themselves to be trained , the operation of the ballot should be so far diminished . The number of days for training I should limit to 26 , with an allowance of no more than a shilling each time , as a compensation for their half-day 's work . Voluntary trainings are to be accepted at the discretion of the officers , and to go in diminution of the ballot . I do not mean to propose that there should be any particular cloth or dress , or that the men should be embodied ; but it will be left to the power of the crown to collect them together in some town or place , in 14 days , for the purpose of more speedy training , and those who absent themselves from training on any other ground , than that of their belonging to Volunteer Corps , to pay a small fine . The training I wish to be performed by detachments of militia , and of the regulars now nominally connected with the counties . By this they will gain a real connection , which will enable them to recruit much better , than by means of parish officers . They will exert themselves in the training , in the hope of afterwards getting the men in their own regiments . I shall also beg leave to propose , by way of mitigation of the act of training , that if a sufficient num- 686 ber of persons volunteer for training , the act shall not be carried into effect , and also that if the whole number required should not volunteer , yet that a diminution of the number liable to training under the act , shall be allowed in proportion to the number who volunteered themselves . The plan I propose , will employ to advantage the officers appointed to the 57 battalions , before a man was raised , and who stood waiting and gaping for them like oysters at ebb tide . But the officers who have been appointed to these battalions with such inconvenience to the service , can not be sent adrift without hardship . The officers of these skeleton battalions will now be turned into good pasture and have an opportunity of getting some flesh on their bones . The bill which professed