can not recede : and I do therefore hope , whatever may have been the sanction given to this scheme by individual opinions of great authority , that the house will cautiously weigh the grounds on which it is urged and the effects to be expected from it , before they commit themselves to so serious , and , in my judgment , so fatal an innovation in the constitution of the British army . I own , much as I look with apprehension to the introduction of this vital change into the service , my objections are infinitely increased if the right hon . gent . should persist in excluding the existing army from its application , whatever may be the precise terms of their present contract , where a great change is to be wrought in the situation of a soldier , as it is described , though I think untruly , as redeeming him from a sort of bondage . Every wise principle of liberality and policy requires , that the principle should be applied , under proper qualifications , to those who have the additional claim upon our favour , of not having been held back by any consideration of a personal nature from engaging in the service of their country . Can the right hon . gent . mean to act towards the British army on principles of less liberality than the Austrian government did in the year 1802 , on a similar occasion , towards the Austrian army ? It surely can not be wise to suffer distinctions to remain , capable of being represented as invidious , and which might have a tendency to introduce discontent and dissatisfaction into an army less subordinate and obedient than ours is . It is said , different corps in the army have at all times served on different conditions and terms of service . True it is that different regiments have ; but I believe the men within the same regiment never have , without the most serious inconvenience . But this can not be looked on as any ordinary change , or made on any ordinary considerations . It is intended as a great moral change in the soldier 's situation , and to be held out to the country as such . Surely then , if it is fit to be acted upon at all , it ought to be made at least progressively to attach to all those who are not in the service.—Before I proceed to state my reasons for being of opinion that 699 the proposed change , so far from furnishing an adequate , or even an increased , supply of men to meet our numerous wants , will only add an additional impediment to our getting men . I wish to enter my protest against the accuracy of that description of the soldier 's present condition which states it to be an engagement for life . It is true his discharge is not demandable of right , and his engagement is to serve his king as long as his majesty may deem his services necessary for the public safety . But , on the other hand , every man entering into the army knows , that this engagement is so qualified by the practice and nature of the service , as to render it at least highly probable , that he may obtain his discharge , if he wishes it , at a much earlier period than the close of life—he knows that after 20 or 25 years service , a discharge , entitling him to a pension , is in practice never refused—he knows that in a peace a considerable reduction in the army must take place , and that he has a fair chance , if he desires it , of being indulged with his discharge—he knows , in time of peace , when recruits are easily obtained at a bounty of three guineas , either by procuring a man to serve in his room , or even as an indulgence , that his discharge may be without difficulty obtained . It is therefore at least an