5 millions ex 173 chequer bills bill was read a third time , passed , and sent to the lords.—The bill for ascertaining the population of Ireland was brought in by Mr. Fitzgerald , read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time on the 3d of April , and to be printed.—A bill for more easily obtaining the partition or inclosure of land in Ireland , was brought in by the same right hon . gent . and read a first time . availed himself of the appearance of a right hon . gent . in his place ( Mr. Secretary Fox ) to put a question to him on a subject , which he looked upon as deeply interesting to the empire . In a late debate ( see p. 128 , ) that right hon . gent . had expressed some opinions respecting the Union with Ireland , which had excited a considerable sensation , and given rise to much agitation in different parts of the empire . The request , therefore , that he had to make to that right hon . gent . was , that be would distinctly state the tenor of those opinions , so far as they might lead to any practical result , with a view to put an end to the agitations which they had already excited . felt it to be his duty to remind the house , that , for any member to put a question to another , with reference to any expressions that might have been used by him in a former debate , was wholly irregular and inconsistent with the received practice of that house . It would , however , rest with any hon . member to use his own discretion how far he should deviate from the received usage , and comply with such an irregular proceeding . was fully aware of the irregularity of his application , and therefore pressed for an explanation , as a particular favour , rather than as a right , with a view to quiet the apprehensions which appeared to have been excited . then rose and observed , that he had many apologies to make to the house for saying any thing on the subject . The words which the hon . member had alluded to , as having been used by him on a former night , applied particularly to the question then under the consideration of the house , and so far as they referred to that , appeared to him sufficiently clear and explicit . He had felt himself bound to express himself in than manner , to prevent any misunderstanding , because a very respectable member of that house had said , that he could not consent 174 to the motion then under discussion , for voting posthumous honours to marquis Cornwallis , as he could never approve of the measure of the union , which had been effected by that nobleman . He agreed himself with that respectable member as to the measure of the Union , though he differed from him , as to the effect of his supporting the motion ; which he had clearly evinced by his vote for the honours to be paid to the memory of the noble marquis . But he had at the same time begged of the house clearly to understand , that by voting in that manner , he by no means expressed any approbation of the principle of the measure of the Union , or of the manner in which it had been conducted . His opinion on that subject remained the same as it had been , and he saw no reason to look to any alteration of it ; at least , he had yet not heard any thing to make him alter it . But he had not on the occasion alluded to , expressed one word prospectively . His observations applied purely to the measure as it arose , and to the manner in which it had been conducted . But it did not follow , that , because a man had felt