man would be so absurd as to make declarations , when they were so likely to be mistated ? when , in the debate of that very night , such misrepresentations had been made of former declarations ? In fact , they could not be depended on ; and he thought his right hon . friend had acted wisely in avoiding them entirely.—The Resolutions were then read and agreed to . moved that an order of the house , of the 27th of Jan. last , for the production of certain papers relative to the management of Affairs in India , be read ; which being done , the hon . member stated , that upwards of 9 months ago , he had moved for certain papers , which he intended to make the foundation of charges against the marquis Wellesley ; on the 27th of Jan. last , he had moved for other papers of a similar nature ; and on the 1st Feb. an hon . member ( Mr. Wallace ) had moved for certain other papers , with a view of vindicating the noble marquis from the charges which he ( Mr. Paull ) intended to bring against him . Without imputing it as any blame to the present ministers , he had to state it as a matter of complaint , that though the papers which he had moved for had been ordered so long previous to the others , yet that those papers which formed the noble marquis 's defence , were in the bands of the members of the house , while those which he had moved for , and which formed the ground of charge against the noble marquis were , in a great measure , not yet on the table of time house . He therefore moved , `` that returns of the papers contained in the order of the 27th Jan. be made forthwith . '' said , he had repeatedly stated to the hon . gent . the reason why these papers had not been before produced . At the time the changes in administration were likely to take place , and that , of course , 471 there was to be a great alteration in the board of controul , the gentlemen who composed that board thought it better to leave the papers , collected as they were , for the inspection of those who were to succeed them in office , and to allow them to exercise their discretion on them . With respect to the papers for the defence , which were produced before the others , he had only to state that they were collected , and ready for printing , at the time they were moved for , and were , of course , instantly laid before the house . thought , that if the papers for the defence were produced , and the others kept back , the matter should be explained . said , that the papers with respect to Oude , were so voluminous , amounting to 5 or 6 folio volumes , that though they were left ready by the former Board of Controul , yet a considerable time was necessarily consumed by the present board in examining into them , to ascertain whether they could with propriety be laid before the house . said , that towards the close of the last session , when these papers were moved for , there was no backwardness , on the part of the board , to bring them forward ; but they were so voluminous , that it was impossible it could be done in the course of that session . When , at the commencement of this session , affairs took a different turn , he was not ashamed to say , that , in consequence of the changes which were about to take place in the administration , be , and those who then acted with him , left it to their successors to examine into these papers , and consider of the propriety of granting them or not . said , the papers would be made out as soon