of traffic with our territory ; and some possessed territories of their own . 435 Nothing was more opposite to his wish , than the exclusion of neutral traders from India ; and those which were in amity with Great Britain , could not be excluded without a breach of treaty . The attempt , indeed , at such exclusion , would be highly impolitic at any time , but particularly so at present . For , if the capital laid out in India by foreign traders , were withdrawn , our Indian manufacturers would be comparatively unemployed , because there would be no sufficient market for their produce , and of course our revenue must suffer . Foreign capitals he conceived to be now the principal support of the revenues and circulation of British India . But , whence came the capital disposed of in India by the Americans and other neutral traders , was another question ; whether any , or what proportion of this capital , which consisted principally of specie , did or did not find its way from this country through circuitous channels in consequence of the limited allowance granted , to a rather comparative discountenance of our own private traders , might become a matter for consideration . How far the conduct of the India company towards those who were engaged in the private trade was fair , or politic , might also be enquired into . But , at present , his object simply was , that the document he referred to should be laid before the house , and it would be for the house itself , or for ministers , to consider whether any proceeding should hereafter be founded upon it . The document itself was of the utmost consequence , even as an article of information , to which it was essentially material that gentlemen should turn their minds . A communication which he had lately received from a gentleman unconnected with the state of Indian commerce , forcibly impressed his mind with the propriety of calling the attention of parliament and the country to this question . According to this gent 's statement , which of course was not official , but who had recently arrived from India , and who was not himself a commercial man , the proportion which the neutral trade bore to ours was equally matter of astonishment and alarm . It appeared that in the harbour of Calcutta alone , there were in the year 1800–1 , no less than 26 American vessels ; in 1802–3 , 32 ditto ; in 1803–4 , 27 ditto ; and in the last year 29 ; together with 10 Portuguese , 2 Danish and 1 Swedish . This was evidently a most inordinate proportion of the India trade . But the value of this commerce might be 436 estimated from this circumstance , that in the year 1804 , the sum paid for only six articles of commerce at Calcutta alone , amounted to no less than three millions . The bullion imported into Bengal by those neutrals during the 4 last years exclusive of that laid out by the India company , exceeded 19 millions of dollars , and the importations of last year alone , amounted to 5,300,000 . The importance of laying such a document in an official shape , must be obvious to every commercial and political man . He was induced to bring it forward solely from public motives , and not at all with a view to urge the private traders to press their complaints at present . Their best course would be , in his judgment , to leave their case entirely to the consideration of his majesty 's ministers , in the hope , which no doubt was well founded , that as soon as leisure permitted , they would attend to that important question . At the same time he felt that the document for which he proposed to move , would furnish the strongest grounds in favour of the private traders , and of course in favour of the best interests of the country . After some