of the motion . I conceive it to be a tribute due to departed worth—the reward of a great and munificent nation to a meritorious servant of the public . I will own , however , that the manner in which the motion was introduced was not calculated , if I had been otherwise disposed than I am , to induce me to give it my assent . I consider this question as perfectly distinct from the vote of Monday last , but I must say a few words with respect to an expression adopted by an hon . gent . on the other side of the house , who , speaking of Mr. Pitt , called him the `` saviour of the country . '' Now , upon that subject , I beg leave to say , that I maintain all my former opinions quite unaltered , as they have constantly been from the moment the country was in the situation in which it appeared in the years 1803 and 1804 I certainly thought it expedient , and for the advantage of the country , that the political debates and animosities of those and former times should , as far as related to persons , be buried in oblivion . I thought it would not be proper for me at that period to take a great and principal share in the administration of the country . I did not conceive it would be behaving in the manner which I have ever felt to be the rule of propriety . I thought , and am convinced , that Mr. Pitt had the same sensations as myself , He certainly did give the most ample testimony of his wish to bury all animosities . From that time , though various warm debates have occurred , I have cautiously abstained from referring to those topics that might excite former differences . I felt that he had given unequivocal testimony of his intention . I confirmed , and we have mutually persevered in our determination . I think , therefore , that the house will do me the justice to say , that if I would not while he lived touch on 138 such subjects , much less would I do so now he is dead . As far as relates to me , neither now nor ever will I touch upon them . But if those who were no parties to our mutual determination think otherwise , and that such topics ought to be discussed , I beg leave to state , that I am not averse from personal motives to enter into them . I conceive it unnecessary to do so for reasons which I think right ; I shall religiously abstain from any mention of them . The right hon . gent . himself , when living , did so generally and systematically . I did feel a wish that he should form part of the administration of the country , which I thought it not right at that moment to have any share in ; I therefore deemed it improper to refer to his former conduct . If there had been any words in the present motion expressive of any approbation of his measures , it would be impossible that it could be adopted with unanimity ; but I give my support to it because it is not liable to any such objection . To speak of Mr. Pitt , that he did not descend to any improper measures with regard to money , would be to dishonour his memory ; but we are to consider other matters in which his conduct was equally unblameable . Mr. Pitt was minister for 20 years , and to the best of my knowledge , except the wardenship of the Cinque Ports , I do not know of any one office connected with him of a personal nature . He had not only the merit of a general disinterestedness , but possessed in every particular that distinguished feature . It is indeed a kind of testimony which , since the accession of the house of Brunswick , I may pay with equal