for last night , contained proofs of many of the hon . gent . 's statements , but this he begged to dispute . That letter contained no such proofs . It might contain references to documents relating to the allegations in the charge , but that would not amount to a proof . He confessed that he could easily conceive , the delicacy of the situation into which the house had been brought by the course that had been adopted by the hon . gent . He could conceive , that it might be a question with the house , whether in justice it could receive a charge 864 without any proof being offered in support of it He . felt it_also due to justice , that some enquiry should be made . On this ground it was , that he , supported the motion of the right hon . secretary , He did not wish to press the house to any precipitate judgment , but he hoped they would consider the feelings . of his noble relative , and come to such decision , as would lead to a speedy and full discussion of the whole case . thought , that it would be treating the charge with too much respect to adjourn the debate . It ought not to be entertained , nor the present debate adjourned , because no competent ground had been laid for such a proceeding , and no evidence whatever had been produced . He thought that an accusation of so serious a nature should not be countenanced on such grounds against such a great and glorious character , who had carried the renown of this country farther than any other individual alive . He was prepared to meet the motion with a direct negative . This would not preclude future enquiry . He should not say whether the result of that enquiry would be to criminate or exculpate the noble marquis . desired to know whether it was a matter of course that the charge should he entered on the journals , if the present motion should be agreed to . replied in the affirmative . then suggested to the house , that it would be right to consider how far it would be fair , with respect to marquis Wellesley , to have a libel , without any evidence adduced in support of it , put on the journals of the house , which would be the case , if they were to give countenance to the charge by adjourning the present debate to a future day , in explanation , said , that the paper which he had in his pocket , was , like the statement of figures in the charge , copied from the documents which were in the India house . in his maiden speech , said he felt no small degree of alarm for the situation the house was placed in , in point of precedent . He considered , that the proposal of adjourning the debate , proceeded only from the great candour of the right hon . secretary of state ( Mr. Fox ) , but that it would be setting a dangerous and alarming precedent to agree to that course . Without meaning to make any imputation on the hon . gent . who brought 865 forward the present charge , he should consider it as an improper practice , if gent . should be permitted to come down to the house , with charges of the severest nature , and after stating that had consulted with nobody , and listened advice , to read as part of his speech , a charge of the great length of the present , which must necessarily be printed , and which might produce a considerable impression before it would be possible to answer it . In the present case there was not a man in the house who could point out a single document on the table which contained one syllable of evidence in support of the charge . He knew it was competent to every member of that house to , bring forward charges