be useful not to go beyond ; and this the right hon . founder of it , I believe , had in contemplation ; but it will be some time before that proportion can be established , at least while we continue under the necessity of being so frequently at war . The sinking fund I regard as a pledge of public faith , which ought to remain untouched , and almost unlooked at , and kept sacred for that single purpose for which it was originally instituted . It is this eminent regard to principle , which has always upheld the character and the power of this nation , and will long continue to uphold them . I have to regret that , notwithstanding every exertion that can be made , the taxes must inevitably fall heavy on some parts of the community . All that I can promise , for myself , is , that I shall , in one respect at least , follow the advice of my hon . friend , of listening to all quarters and to all persons , and particularly to one so respectable as my hon . friend himself . and spoke as follows : —Sir ; I am desirous , on the present occasion , of troubling the house with some general observations on the financial arrangements for the year . Approving as I do of the principle upon which the noble lord has framed his budget , namely , that of making an effort to raise a further proportion of the supplies within the year , and not seeing any prominent grounds of objection to the particular taxes he has proposed , I have been solicitous to reserve any points of difference till a later stage , when I might state what occurred to me more particularly , in objection to the very unusual course parliament has been called on to adopt on the present occasion , viz . that of determining on the ways and means for the year before the army has been voted ; I am not wishing to interrupt the unanimity which it is my wish should prevail on the main question.—So far as this manly and wise policy , which the noble lord has acted upon , can carry with it any degree of impopularity , I shall be most ready to share it . with him , and deem it due to him distinctly to express my persuasion that , had the late government continued office , the people would have been called on to submit to burthens of equal magnitude.—Before I proceed to the point to . which I principally rose to advert , I must shortly take notice of what has this night fallen from the noble lord , imputing to my late right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) the not having made an adequate provision , in 620 the course of the last year , for the public expenditure ; the noble lord having to-night disclaimed any intention of charging , as matter of blame to the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , the not having provided in the ways and means of last year for the 5,800,000l . which in his first statement his lordship denominated as arrears ; and my right hon . friend ( Mr. Huskisson ) having clearly explained to the house , that this sum consisted entirely either of temporary and incidental charges , totally unconnected with the service of last year , or of charges the provision for which by the constant practice of parliament ought to be made in the present and not in the past year , I have nothing further to add on that subject , the apparently injurious tendency of the statement having been sufficiently explained and disavowed.—It is only now necessary to notice the charge made by the noble lord on this night , which appears to me not less unfounded , though deliberately brought forward . He has attempted to found a similar charge of defective provision , by comparing the unexpended grants of last year with the demands outstanding and unprovided for on