, he had hoped , that the supporters of the right hon . gent . who was the object of the motion , and his abettors , would have appeared on this occasion with becoming silence and desolation . He had , as much as any man , admired the brilliancy of that right hon . gent . 's expression , and the electricity of his elocution . He was not however in despair respecting the emanation of some sparks from his genius . He was in hopes that the house would produce as eminent talents , when he contemplated the large spreading shrubbery of genius which was shooting up . said , that when he heard his hon . friend give notice of his intention to bring forward the present motion , he thought there could be but one sentiment on the subject , on either side , or in any part of the house , or of the country . He expected from the other side of the house , that when that great man was gone , opposition would be gone also . He had , however , been grievously disappointed ; and , to his great surprise , found that the same system followed him beyond his mortal existence . He was sorry to find , that So many hon . members in that house refused to pay the tribute of gratitude to that illustrious character , whose magnificent talents , while they reflected the highest honour on the country which produced them , had contributed so essentially to its interests and prosperity . The reputation of that illustrious ornament of his country , however , would not depend upon the extent of the majority by which this , or any such motion might be carried ; his fame would go down to the latest posterity connected with the history of his times , attested by the records of parliament , and immortalized by that constitu- 47 tion which he had saved . His remains might crumble to dust in his grave , but his reputation would live in the admiration of grateful posterity . lamented , that there should have been any discussion on a subject which could not but create a difference of opinion . Had the ashes of the departed minister been suffered to have remained in peace , the house would have continued grateful for his services . He considered that the first principle upon which public reward was founded , was success . It was not sufficient to say that a man possessed great abilities and great personal integrity ; the country expected something more ; they necessarily looked to a happy result , and that alone constituted the strength of public feeling . He did not think that any comparison could be drawn between the earl of Chatham and the late minister , which would justify the same honours being conferred on the one as on the other . If he adverted to the state of the country after the seven years war , and at the present period , he should find the comparison materially to the disadvantage of the administration of Mr. Pitt . It was but a very short time since distinguished public honours had been paid to the memory of a departed naval hero . He wished to ask , whether the crowd would have followed his remains to the grave if he had lost a British fleet ? Success was necessary to crown every action for which public applause was demanded . The idea of the excellence of a statesman must involve all the virtues that belonged to his situation , and therefore he should ill discharge his public duty , if he consented to give a tribute of applause where he was not satisfied it was due . He wished not to stir up the ashes of the dead , but rather to walk over them with respect . He could , if he were so disposed , take a review of the situation of our finances ; he could even advert to a transaction of the last session , wherein a noble lord