say that the papers referred to by his right hon . friend could not be prepared in less than 2 or 3 months . begged to state that the papers which referred to any of the charges he had it in contemplation to bring forward , were not completely before the house . Not one of those with regard to Bhurtpore or Surat were yet on the table , 897 although he moved for them between 3 and 4 months ago . There were other papers . between the production of which , and the order on his motion for them , not less than 10 months had elapsed . These circumstances he mentioned , merely to shew with what justice gentlemen could ascribe any delay to him . The charge which he brought forward the preceding day , evinced , clearly , that he was ready to answer the challenge of those who called for accusations , and he would prove that be could sustain them too , if the papers were granted to him for which he should apply . As soon as those papers should be before the house , he was resolved to follow up his charges ; but if , in the course of his progress , he should from inexperience be betrayed into error , he hoped the house would feel that he stood there with but little assistance . As to the error which the right hon . mover alluded to , he had only to say that he acted according to the suggestion of the chair . With regard to the time necessary to prepare the papers connected with the charge before the house , he begged leave to observe , that the right hon . gent . who spoke last was not competent to speak to that point . He , in fact , was not likely to know any thing about them , for they were not in his department . They were all in the department of the directors of the India Company . in consequence of the hon . member having stated that he had taken the course he had adopted from a suggestion from the chair , feeling it necessary to stand right with the house , declared that he had but pointed out the manner in which the hon . member 'Could best accommodate his proceedings to the precedent of Mr. Hastings 's case , which he professed to have in view . said , he had no opposition to the motion of his right hon . friend ; he thought these charges should not appear before the public , because , as yet , there appeared no evidence to support them ; and it was but justice to the character of the noble marquis , to withhold from the public , aspersions upon it , until there was sonic evidence to support them . Of that noble marquis , said the hon . gent . I know but little , I had a slight acquaintance with him before he left this country . I have had no correspondence with him while abroad ; since his return I have not seen him . Of the hon . gent . who prefers these charges I know nothing , but that his 898 name is Paull , and that he sits in this house . With him I never exchanged a word , scarcely a look , yet I must declare I think he is entitled to a different treatment of this house from that of which I have been a witness . I do confess , I think that , as a member of this house , he is entitled to credit for having no other motive than a desire to serve the country by having public justice carried into effect . If this be his motive , I can not but think that his reception , both in language and manner , was by no means consistent with the duty the house owes to its members . I can not , however , help being of opinion , that the hon . gent . 's conduct