thing further ; but hoped he had said enough to convince the house , that the law which was very well calculated to operate in England , might be , in many instances , quite the reverse um Ireland ; and that a measure calculated to operate in Ireland , was entitled to some consideration and discussion from gentlemen . who must have the most knowledge and experience in the local circumstances of that country , if the bill for a similar purpose in this country had occupied , for a succession of days , the most minute attention in both houses of parliament . said , that if the bill was hot debated on the 2d reading , the fault was not his ; as it was now three weeks since it was introduced , by the leave of the house , and had passed through its previous stages without the slighest opposition from the hon . gent . If there was not a full attendance of Irish members in that house , it could not be owing to their absence from London ; for , if he was well informed , out of the 100 who had seats , 70 were actually in town ; and he very much despaired of a greater number of members arriving in London after time assizes , but rather supposed their numbers would diminish instead of increasing . The hon . gent . had been pleased to compare him to a bad taylor ; but he would appeal to the house on the propriety of the comparison , as well as the elegance of the figure ; that he could see no reason why the clergy of Ireland should wear their coats differently trimmed from those of England , or be exempt from similar laws , or similar restrictions , to enforce that residence to which they were sworn , and to which they were indispensibly bound by law and duty . In spite of all pretences about having no glebe houses there was not a parish in Ireland , where the clergyman could not find a convenient 431 residence if he chose . The court of King 's Bench in England would hear of no such excuses ; and if the Irish clergymen did not chuse to reside on their livings , let them resign , and those would be found who would reside . He could not see the necessity of further delay ; and he feared the loss of the bill would be risked by it . The danger suggested by the hon . gent. , of giving too much influence to the bishops , was obviated in the English bill , of which this was only a copy . agreed with his hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) , in the necessity of postponing further proceedings on this bill , not only until a full attendance of the gentlemen of Ireland should be present , but until those gentlemen , who were to represent the Irish government in that house , should be in their places , and be able to give their opinions , touching the necessity of a measure which he should conceive to be amongst the first objects of their enquiry , upon examining into the state of that country . At the same time , he was willing to allow , that what had fallen from the hon . and learned gent . had certainly some weight . But yet he could not see the great inconvenience that would arise from passing the bill in May , if it was fit to pass it at all , instead of passing it now . The measure surely would not be the worse for more mature deliberation and fair discussion ; and from the time of the year at which this house had been accustomed to break up for the season of late years , he could see no danger of the bill being lost by the delay proposed by his hon . friend , unless the hon . and learned gent . was apprehensive that the bill was such an one that it could