would operate against the board of controul , and their influence would be increased when it was found that the board had rejected the better counsel of the directors . But , till the conduct of that board came under consideration , the papers ought not to be produced . If , indeed , the directors had come at the time when the transaction took place , and stated their opinion to the house , and their situation , that would have been a different matter.—With regard to the point of information , the public had it , and it was of course impossible that it could be kept from members of parliament , who formed a part of that public . It was not , therefore , for information that the other papers were called for , but on account of the authority which they would have in the enquiry before the house . But 818 what was the difference , since they were already before the public ? Truly the difference Was , that the commons were to pass judgment in this enquiry , and not the public . Now , as far as this argument had been used , it would weigh more the other way . If you only want information , you have that , and as to the authority , the greater that was , so much the worse for the argument and the person accused ; for this dispatch contained a strong case against the marquis Wellesley . What convenience could result from its production ? He saw none , but the contrary . Were the accusers to stand behind the East-India Co. , or were the directors to support themselves at present by a case , of which they had not complained at the proper time ? He hoped that neither of these things could be permitted . But then it was said that these papers were not intended to criminate lord Wellesley . One said that they were intended to criminate neither the board of controul , nor lord Wellesley , and his noble friend wanted them as a general piece of information . But then they would have that effect collaterally , if not directly , and therefore they ought not to be produced . We were not at present considering the situation of the finances , the fabric of the government of India . These might come under review , and then the papers might be produced . He knew that his noble friend , amongst all the excellent qualities he possessed , would regret to do a wrong thing , and he would ask him how he would feel , if afterwards these papers should , if now produced , be used in a manner which he would disapprove ? Nothing at present Would be lost in point of information , and though these papers might be useful at another period , they would just now be attended withthe most injurious effects . Though it was not very usual to move the previous question on motion for papers , yet , as there was nothing in the forms of the house to prevent it , he would move it in the present instance . said , that the degree of astonishment under which he rose to present himself to the house , after what had just fallen from the right hon . secretary , scarcely left him the power of utterance . When that right hon . gent . and his friends were on the opposition side of the house , he always understood them to be not only the warm friends , but the loud and strenuous advocates for investigation on Indian affairs . They had repeatedly asserted , and 819 urged , that unless a thorough and minute enquiry into the whole system was speedily adopted , India must be inevitably lost to this country ; but now that they had changed places , they , it seemed , had totally changed their opinions also , and deprecated enquiry as useless and unnecessary . Had his majesty 's ministers been called on to produce documents from