, as not to afford the means of ascertaining its extent , or whether the million , which he claimed as an arrear on that account , was sufficient . The hon . gent . declared , that , in his mind , nothing could be more clear and simple , than the terms of the treaty . It stipulated to allow to our allies , 12l . 10s per man , for every man brought into the field , and British pay from the time they quitted their own frontier till they returned to the same . Possibly the noble lord 's difficulty arose from his not being able to ascertain what num- 635 ber had returned to their own frontier ; or that the commissaries who , as it was stipulated , should attend and ascertain the number of troops in the field , had not so attended ; otherwise he could not understand where the difficulty lay . answered , that the terms , as expressed in the treaty , did not afford the means of a clear elucidation . agreeably to the notice he had given on Saturday , rose to oppose the tax on sugars , and said , that on whichever side of the house he might sit , he should always oppose every tax that appeared to him oppressive on the commerce of the country , and such he conceived to be that now proposed on Sugars ; and which , he was convinced , must fall on the planter , and not on the consumer ; for , from the first tax imposed this war , through all the successive increases , and up to the present proposition , which was to complete a rise of the duty to 10s . per cwt . the gazette prices of sugars had fallen , instead of being raised thereby , so that the loss fell wholly upon the planter , who was willing to pay as much as any other subject towards the war , but by this means would pay infinitely more . admitted , that sometimes under the circumstances of a glutted market , and no foreign demands for sugars , this was the complexion which the circumstances of the sugar trade bore . However he promised that some investigation should take place , and that he should move for an account of the average gazette prices of sugar for some years back , in order to form an accurate estimate of the facts . contested the justice of the tax on property . It would be impossible for men of small incomes to set themselves right without infringing on their capital . Nothing he believed would be more difficult than to persuade people in the country , of the propriety of compelling a man who had 50. a year to pay a tax of 5l while a man of 45l . a year wholly escaped . defended the principle of the tax . The hon . gent . had misapprehended it . It was not intended , that the person whose income was but 50l . a year , should pay at the rate of 10 per cent . The scale would begin at a low per-centage at 50l. , and proceed by arithmetical progression till it arrived at 100l . when the highest rate of 10 per cent . would begin.—The resolutions were then separately read and agreed to , and bills ordered accordingly . The Cape of Good Hope Trade Regulation bill passed through a committee , and was reported.—The Expiring Laws bill was read a 3d time , and passed.—Judgment was given , on the motion of lord Eldon , in the case Keeling v. the East-India Company , referring back several of the points to the Court of Chancery.— The farther consideration of the appeal , the Countess Dowager of Lincoln and others , v. the duke of Newcastle and others , was , on the motion of lord Eldon , deferred till Monday the 14th inst.—Lord Auckland moved for Accounts of the Value of Imports and Exports to and from Great Britain , on an annual