member had , as it were , put himself on the mercy of the house and entreated it not to adopt a mode of proceeding which would be harassing and oppressive to the noble person who stood accused . He assured the hon . gent. , that he would be the last man in the house who would support any proceeding of that description ; it was not in the contemplation of himself or the managers ; and he could also undertake to say , that it was as little the intention of the other members of the house , with whom he had the honour of acting , to press lord Melville to a trial , vexatious or harassing , but it was their intention as well as their duty , to carry on proceedings against that noble lord with the solemnity and notoriety which had distinguished this country on such occasions from every other in Europe and tended so essentially to establish its fame . If the hon . gentlemen on the opposite side pushed their arguments , the consequence would be , that they must desire parliament and the country to get rid of all public trials , to exclude audiences from the very courts of justice , and , in fine , from every place in which the laws of the country were to be administered . But he differed from the hon . gent . in this respect , and thought that publicity was necessary in trials of every kind , and the best guard for the security of persons and property , as well as for the discharge of great public trusts . It was a little singular , however , that in this particular case the mode was the choice of the noble lord 's friends ; for 548 surely , when they reversed the decision of the house for a criminal prosecution in the court of King 's Bench , they must have had the present mode of trial in view , because , since the Revolution , Westminster-hall was the only place in which trials of impeachment had been conducted , with the exception of lord Macclesfield 's case . He would ask , whether the shortness of that nobleman 's trial was attributable to his being tried at the bar of the house of lords ? The answer to this question would be easy , when it was considered that there were very few objections made at the trial ; therefore , it might be concluded in as short a time at Westminster-hall as in the house of lords . He was ready to admit , that he had referred to the case of lord Macclesfield , in the debates respecting lord Melville , with a view to shew , that the precedent of Mr. Hastings 's trial should not dissuade the house from adopting the trial by impeachment ; but when he urged that precedent , he had no mode of trial in contemplation but that which the managers recommended . The house must be aware that a strong protest had been entered on that occasion on the journals of their lordships , against the mode of trial pursued in the case of that noble lord . The hon . gent . next read the following extract from the said protest : `` Because we are of opinion , that it highly concerns the honour and dignity of this house , in all cases of Impeachments , that the trial should be in the most public and solemn manner ; that being most suitable to the laws and constitutions of this kingdom in all cases whatsoever , but is more especially requisite in a prosecution of the commons of Great Britain begun and carried on by their representatives in parliament ; for which reasons we think , that this trial ought to be had in Westminster-hall , and not at the bar of the house , where it is impossible , `` as we conceive , to provide room and other conveniences for the attendance '' of the house of commons , and such others of the subjects of