which took place before he entered into office . As to the motion before the house , he saw no objection to the production of the paper referred to ; but it was for the right hon . gent . ( Mr. H. Addington ) and his colleagues to exercise their own discretion . When that paper should be laid before the house , and the transaction to which it alluded should be fully understood , the impression on his mind was , that the hon . mover would find the loan not to have been improvidently advanced ; that it was not money lent without a just motive , or without ample security ; but , on the contrary , that land was assigned to the company to ensure the repayment of this loan , and that that land was placed under the company 's own administration . On the whole , the noble lord had no doubt it would appear , that the advance to this prince was a proceeding which stood upon the best principles of policy , that it was perfectly justifiable , and that no loss whatever was .likely to accrue from it . To the hon . mover 's allusion , in the style of complaint , to the absence of the directors on this discussion , he should only say , that being 192 this day engaged in attendance at a general court , which , as to-morrow was a holiday , no doubt presented an increase of business , their absence from the house was at least excusable . joined in the request of his right hon . colleague ( Mr. H. Addington ) , that the hon . mover would defer his motion for a few days . said , he had no thought whatever of attaching blame to , or occasioning any inconvenience to those who now directed the board of controul . He brought forward this motion before the house , in compliance with a notice which he had given so early as the last sessions , With the request made to him by the noble lord who had last spoken and his right hon . colleague , he had no difficulty in complying ; but he wished to learn , when the noble lord would be able to ascertain the propriety of acceding to the motion , which he had felt it his duty to bring forward . He also would he glad to hear when the India budget , which was omitted last year , was likely to be brought forward . assured the hon . gent . that no time would be lost in enquiring into the subject to which his motion referred , With regard to the India budget , he stated it to be his intention , on the next meeting of the house , to move for the production of the accounts necessary to the bringing forward the budget of last year . How long these accounts might be preparing he could not pretend to say . said , he had not been in the house when the motion was made . He regretted that the attendance on his duty in another place , deprived him of the advantage of hearing the observations of the hon gent . who introduced it . By all the information he could collect on the subject , he thought that there would be no objection to comply with it . He was sure it was the wish of the court of directors , that every information in their power should be given . At the same time , he felt it an important consideration , to ascertain how far it might be consistent with the general interests of the company to have their accounts called for on every occasion.—Mr . Francis then , with the permission of the house , withdrew his motion . rose and spoke as follows : — Sir , in 1783 , India could not be mentioned without filling the benches of both sides of the house ; 193 but I believe almost the last time lord Melville addressed this house on the