still inclined to impute it to intriguers and evil advisers , and did not give directions to go to war with him for above eight months afterwards , and not until actual hostilities had been committed on the part of that prince against our . troops , who were pursuing Holkar in the neighbourhood of the Fort of Deeg . He concluded , by declaring that , in his opinion , no blame could attach to lord Wellesley for the fai- 420 lure of the treaty which he had made , and to which , doubtless , he wished to adhere . decidedly affirmed , that he had once experienced an act of justice from lord Wellesley , but never an act of favour ; that in India , his situation had been such , that the smiles of lord Wellesley could not benefit him , that his frowns could be of no detriment . said , he did not wish to take any share in the discussion of this subject ; he had only to say , that the noble marquis , and all those who were connected with him , had but one wish , and that was that the whole of his conduct should be examined as closely as possible , and the whole system of the government in India under his direction canvassed with care ; for which reasons he trusted there would be no objections to granting these papers , and others which he intended to move for , provided their production would not be inconvenient to the board . Anxious as he was , however , for the production of these papers , for the purpose of preparing for a discussion which he wished to promote , he had so much regard for the regularity of the proceedings of parliament , that he should not persist in asking for them , if irregular to grant them . He was confident that the more the conduct of the noble marquis was examined , the more it would be approved ; but should the house , upon enquiry , be of another opinion , of which he had not the most distant idea , neither he nor any other person would attempt to screen him ; but what he asked for the noble marquis was this ; . that the nature of the charge to be exhibited against him should be stated . The hon . member had this day given notice of laying ground before the house in Friday , of some fresh charge against the marquis Wellesley . The noble lord near him had asked what that charge was ? to which the hon . gent . had given no answer . He begged leave to request that the hon . member would now declare what the charge was he meant to make on Friday ; for if he did not state that , how could the members who took the most immediate interest in . the discussion , know what they were come to meet ? He could not conceive how any difficulty could occur in giving this information . What was to be the situation of those who were most directly interested in the character of the noble marquis , it they were to come down to the house , day after day , to hear an attack , without being prepared to meet it ? He trusted the house 421 would feel that he was not asking any thing unreasonable . It would have been impossible for the house to have been prepared for the exhibition the hon . gent . had been pleased to make that night , if they had not had some previous intimation of what it was he intended to bring forward . It was , therefore , equally impossible that they should be prepared for Friday , unless the hon . gent . would let them know what charge it was that he was to bring forward on that day . As for the case of his noble relation , he committed it with confidence to the house , and to the country . said ,