session , for a paper containing an approbation of these proceedings , by the secret committee . Two of the persons made to sign this approbation , namely , Mr. Devaynes and Mr. Robarts , reprobated this conduct ; as did also all the members of the court of directors , with the exception of one hon . baronet ( air T. Metcalfe ) . He then read several papers , to shew the mal-administration of the noble marquis in India , which , he said , had produced a loss to the company , of 7 million sterling . He then further said , that by the authority of the marquis , the nabob was sent for to Lucknow , for the purpose of signing an agreement , and after his arrival , his seal was not to be found at his dwelling ; and he would engage to prove , that the same seal was afterwards found in the house of the British government , at Lucknow . He said , he did not stand forth as the sole accuser of the marquis Wellesley , and read an extract from a speech of Mr. Francis , upon India subjects , written and published by that hon . gent . himself , in which he accused the Bengal government of being the aggressors in the Mahratta war . With this confirmation in his favour , he would shortly conclude with saying , that the conduct of the noble marquis was commenced in injustice , and terminated in oppression . He then moved for a Copy of the Treaty between the nabob of Furruckabad , and the East-India Co. , and guaranteed by the marquis Cornwallis , in 1787. having been alluded to in the course of the speech , thought it proper set the hon . gent . right in a mistake which seemed a strong feature in his argument . The hon . gent . expressed his surprise , that he should have moved for a dispatch from the secret committee , approving of the conduct of the noble marquis ; but if the hon . gent . thought to impress the house with the opinion , that that was the dispatch of the gentlemen , whose names he mentioned , he must suppose the house to be more ignorant of the course of these proceedings , than he would and it to be . The house was too well in- 799 formed not to know , that the dispatch was that of the commissioners of the board of controul , and not of those who signed ? it , who could only act as the official and regular agents on the occasion . As to all the other subjects descanted on , they would remain for future consideration ; and , he only rose , for the purposes of rectifying the mistake of the hon . gent. , as to that one particular fact . explained , that what be stated to have excited his surprise , was , that the noble lord should call for such a paper , after he was fully apprised that the court of directors had protested against it . rejoined , in explanation , that what he called for , was the dispatch of those to whom responsibility attached , which was not the case with the gentlemen who signed it . said , that the hon . gent . might have saved himself much trouble , and the house a good deal of time , had he merely moved for the papers in question , without entering into such a long preliminary detail on the subject . He had not the slightest wish to oppose the production of the papers ; neither should he say one word on the subject of the charges that had been advanced . He should only request the house to keep themselves free from every bias that might be produced by what had been said , and to sacrifice some time in investigating the documents now moved for . thought , that in the management of an immense empire like India , it was possible