arrangement made respecting the private trade in 1801 , many new facts have been established which the company will have to state ; amongst others , that the enlargements since given to the private trade have , with other circumstances of the time , deteriorated the company 's sales of Indian goods 30 per cent . Perhaps when the subject comes to be investigated , it may be found that the question between the company and individuals , as it relates to trade , is not entirely a question about lessening the share of neutral nations in the Indian commerce , and increasing ours , but partly a question about transferring to individuals a share of the trade now carried on by the company . In a political view the question concerning . the extent to which individuals shall be allowed to embark in this trade , must be connected with another question far more important , whether India is to be governed on colonial principles , or by the more restricted system now in force ? a question which I conceive involves the safety of our eastern empire . Sir , on one topic only I beg leave to explain myself . I am not at all satisfied with the explanation given by the hon . director , in respect to the specie , . which , if it existed , ought to circulate generally through the provinces . He admits that there is little circulation of specie in our principal settlements . But he affirms `` that a great proportion of the imported bullion , being coined into rupees , no doubt , circulates in the interior of our own possessions . '' This solution of the difficulty seems to me full as extraordinary as the difficulty itself . If any great financier was to inform this house that ; although there was not a guinea or a shilling to be seen in London or its neighbourhood , there was a plentiful circulation of both in Scotland , in Yorkshire , and in every part of the kingdom , at the distance of 50 or Go miles from the capital , what would you think of his veracity or his intellects ? Is it physi- 443 cally possible that the blood can circulate at the extremities , and never return to or pass through the heart ? But I doubt the fact , and for this plain and unanswerable reason . Admitting that lord Cornwallis could find no money at Calcutta to pay the arrears of the army , still , on the principle of the present explanation , he might have found money enough in the districts . He might have raised such a sum as 200,000l . at least ; and then he would not have been reduced to the deplorable necessity of taking that amount a second time in his own life , out of the company 's ships , and changing its destination , from the provision of their investment in China to the payment of the army on the frontier of Oude , or on the banks of the Jumna . supported the motion , as he thought the whole of this important question should be fully examined . He had himself , last session , proposed to bring forward a motion the same , if not in form at least in substance , with that then under consideration , but had abandoned the idea , as he was not certain of support to give effect to his proposition . supported the motion , and suggested the propriety of producing an account of the total value of exports from , and imports into the East Indies , distinguishing the share of each nation engaged in the trade . had some doubts on the subject of this motion . The hon . director had said , that the production of this paper would not be sufficient to enable the house to form a complete judgment on the whole case , without the production of other documents . If this paper would lead only to an imperfect or premature opinion , he should certainly feel