hon . gent. , in support of his principle , had pleaded the uniform usage of foreign services on the continent , and said , that until of very late years it was the uniform practice of all Europe . The rt . hon . gent. , to be sure , had not relied much upon this argument ; but he should himself be glad to learn in what service of Europe such a principle had obtained . In fact , it never had been the usage of any of the continental services , to enlist men for a limited term of service Without annexing the condition of during the war . It certainly was not the usage of the British service , nor was it the principle of the Hanoverian service , where the men were enlisted in the same manner as in England . It was never the usage of any military nation in Europe : and even in the French conscriptions , where the service was nominally limited to 5 years , the conditional duration of the war was also stipulated . As to the other objects proposed by the plan , particularly that of obtaining soldiers of a superior character , he could not perceive any very prominent advantage . Discipline was the great and most desirable object , that men of the meanest capacity generally 964 learned in a short time , so as to enable them to practise all the manœuvres necessary in the field . He begged also to ask , whether it was probable that the way to attach a soldier to the service , or to good discipline , was to teach him to look forward perpetually to the termination of 2 or 3 years , which would free him from all subjection to the authority of his officers ? He should ask also , whether the telling a soldier , that his profession was a bad mode of obtaining a livelihood , was a promising way to induce him to prefer or remain in the service , without perpetually looking forward to other views , or the imaginary comforts of other occupations ? or whether a soldier on foreign service , looking anxious forward to the termination of a short period , which must restore him to his native country , and his family , was more likely to sustain fatigues and hardships , or encounter dangers , and reconcile him to all the vicissitudes of a soldier 's fortune , than if he had assumed the profession for life , and was conscious that , thought he might escape one danger to-day , he might fall on the morrow ? As to the argument , that soldier were difficult to be raised because labour was highly paid for in this country , he thought the remedy by no means a good one to meet the disease ; for if a soldier is to be told that his trade is a bad one , his reasoning will be , `` then , why exercise it it all ? '' It was said , those men would enlist again at the termination of their period , or would again be forthcoming on the commencement of a new war . Great numbers of men would undoubtedly be enlisted on such an occasion particularly in the first or second year , but he believed that amongst them would be very few who were discharged after 7 years service . The country did not seem to him in a state that could call for a measure so new and extraordinary ; and circumstanced as we now stand , surely no measure could be more improper than a proposition to discharge from the service , and even in the midst of a war , or on the eve of a most important emergency , the most valuable class of men in the service , who had been rendered good soldier by 7 years service , in which they had been seasoned in various climates , and inured to all the habits of military life . With respect to foreign service , especially as we had