proposition of great and general importance , and particularly to the poorer classes of the community . It was become in the highest degree necessary to ascertain , and to fix upon some mode for the accurate measure meat of coals , for in consequence of the want of such an arrangement the public and especially the poor and ignorant , were subject to the grossest frauds and imposition . To remedy such evils was the object of the measure he had thought it his duty to bring forward . The hon . member concluded with moving , for leave to bring in a bill for the better regulating the admeasurement of coals seaborne ; which was given.—Mr . Staveley presented at the bar an Account of the receipts and arrears in the Post-Office department on the 5th of Jan. 1806 , and Mr. Franklyn presented an Account from the commissioners of customs of the arrears and balances due by collectors , & c. These accounts were ordered to lie on the table , and the latter was ordered to be printed.—Ordered on the 504 motion of Mr. Vansittart , that an account should be laid before the house of the amount of interest accruing upon such Exchequer Bills as are to be paid off in the year 1806 ; and the right hon . gent . gave notice that he would move a vote upon this subject in the committee of supply on Monday.—Sir J. Sinclair moved , that there be laid before the house an account of all grants already made out of the Forfeited Estates in Scotland . Also for an account of all balances arising from the said estates , with the interest due thereon , and the persons in whose hands the same are . Ordered.—Mr . W. Smith brought up the report of the committee to whom the Petition of Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie was referred , which was ordered to be printed.—Mr . Close presented the First Report of the Commissioners of Military Enquiry , which was ordered to lie on , the table and to be printed.—The house resolved itself into a committee on the Dublin Paving Bill , in which some conversation took place between Mr. C. Wynne , Mr. Vansittart , Mr. J. Latouche , lord De Blaquiere , and Mr. Ormsby . The two latter opposed the bill as unjust and unnecessary , and the former defended it . The report was ordered to be received on Monday . gave notice , that on Friday next he would move for the house to resolve itself into a committee , to consider of the Ways and Means which he should submit to them of providing the supplies necessary for the service of the present year . considered it as unusual to bring forward the Ways and Means before all the estimates of the year had been voted by the house . At present the house were still ignorant of the military estimates for the year . replied , that whatever regulations might be made in the military affairs of the country , must , as a matter of course , be submitted to a distinct committee of supply ; and though his noble friend might explain the ways and means he had to propose , it did not follow that any more would be voted , than what appeared upon the estimates . said , that the right hon . gent . would have an opportunity of stating any objections that might occur to him , when the question was brought forward . rejoined , that he knew the conversation was , at this time , irregular ; but be was struck with the singularity of brin- 505 ging forward the ways and means , before the military expences were made known . moved the second reading of the Election Treating bill . Upon the question being put , rose and expressed his surprize , that the right hon . gent . should submit such an important motion without saying one sentence upon the subject . To say much in its favour , he thought quite beyond the power of