able to enter into the discussion of such a subject on Monday , he hoped the noble lord would agree to a farther postponement . assented to the propriety of the postponement required , for the reasons alluded to by the noble lord . It was no doubt highly desirable that the consideration of the question to which the noble lord referred , should take place on an early day . He knew that it was his noble friend 's intention to bring it forward as early as possible , but certainly not on Monday . Adverting to the notice of an hon . gent . ( Mr. Lascelles ) for that day , he submitted whether it would not be more proper to postpone that notice until after the discussion of the motion proposed by his noble friend , which naturally claimed the precedency . He felt , however , that it was not for him to dictate to the hon . gent . But it was for that hon . gent . and those who thought with him , to consider whether the motion they had it in contemplation to bring forward , might not involve points , the discussion of which would more properly belong to the question announced by his noble friend ; whether , in fact , it might not be of such a nature as many gentlemen could not assent to , without a gross violation of their public duty . Mr. Parr , from the African Company , presented the annual accounts of that company , for the year 1804.—Mr . Meheux , from the India Board , presented certain papers relating to the nabob of Oude , moved for by Mr. Paull . brought up the report of the committee of supply , ,and moved a resolution , that a supply be granted to his majesty for the service of the ensuing year ; '' which was agreed to . Mr. Huskisson then moved , `` that the house should , on Monday , resolve itself into a committee , to consider further of the supply to be granted to his majesty . '' said , he should leave it to the consideration of the hon . gent . whether it would be right to proceed so immediately to vote the supplies , under the present circumstances of affairs . At the same time that he threw out this suggestion , it was his wish , that the public business should be forwarded with all the expedition that was possible , and he should be sorry to cause any unnecessary delay , at a time when decision and promptitude were so necessary . He thought , however , that it . would not be proper that the house should go into a committee for raising the supplies of the year , at least , until it was known who were to have the management of the supplies when granted , and who were to be responsible for the direction and application of them . said , that whatever reasons might at present appear to the mind of the hon . gent . to be of sufficient weight , as to induce him to oppose the progress of the raising of the supplies , yet he trusted , that when Monday should arrive , the hon . gent . would not then object to the house resolving itself into a committee of supply , as it was probable that , before that day , such arrangements would be made as would remove the , difficulties under which he now laboured , and the objections he had stated . It was a matter for the discretion of the house to consider , whether they could properly grant the supplies in the absence of the chancellor of the exchequer . His majesty had determined to vest that office , for the present ( agreeably to former precedents ) , in the hands of the lord chief justice of the king 's bench , whose appointment would be immediately made out . At the same time , his majesty was taking steps for forming a new