referred to by the hon . member . The proceedings of the commission of enquiry would be speedily printed , and when laid before parliament would speak for itself . Lord Hardwicke had , pursuant to the act , granted the sum allowed to other commissioners , while the paving corporation was subject to enquiry , in order that the streets of Dublin should be kept in proper repair . did not conceive the case of the paving corporation at all prejudged or prejudiced by the course which lord Hardwicke had taken ; that course struck him to be extremely proper . vindicated the conduct and character of the paving corporation , of which he described himself to be a member , and desired that any charge which could be alleged against them might be immediately brought forward . thought a slur was cast upon the character of the paving board , by the conduct of lord Hardwicke.— After some further remarks , the bill was read a first time . The house resolved itself into a committee on the Woollen Manufacturers ' Suspension bill . Mr. Adam , the counsel , was proceeding on behalf of certain clothiers in the counties of York , Gloucester , and Somerset , who had petitioned respecting certain parts of the bill ; when he was stopped by the committee ; and counsel being ordered to withdraw , earl Spencer expressed his opinion that the petitioners were not entitled to be heard on the grounds stated in their petition , the principle of the bull being merely to con- 486 tinue for a further period , the Suspension act of last session . Lord Ellenborough was of the same opinion . Earl Fitzwilliam took the opportunity of stating , that he consented to the bill only on the ground of a general law on the subject being under consideration . The bill was proceeded in , passed through the committee , and was reported without amendment . Lord Auckland then presented another petition against the bill , from certain clothiers in Yorkshire ; to which lord Ellenborough took an objection as to a point of form . Lord Holland and earl Spencer thought it would he dealing hardly with the petitioners if they were not allowed to be heard by counsel against the bill , merely on account of a trifling informality . It was at length agreed that counsel should be heard for and against the bill , on the 3d reading tomorrow . On the further consideration of the Declaratory bill , after adverting to the clause which he had yesterday stated his intention of proposing to substitute for the proviso added to the bill on the motion of laid Eldon , said , that he had been unable to frame the clause so as to satisfy his own mind . He therefore thought it would be the best way to omit the proviso altogether , and leave the bill simply declaratory , as originally proposed by his noble and learned friend on the woolsack , leaving it to the house of commons to add any clause which they might deem advisable . said , he had originally concurred in the proviso proposed by his noble and learned friend ( lord Eldon ) , in deference to the opinion of that noble and learned lord , and because he thought that the proviso could do no harm . It was his opinion , however , that if the bill passed as a simple declaratory bill , the law would stand thus ; that if a witness objected that answering any question stated would render him liable to a civil action , such a naked and general demurrer would immediately be over-ruled ; but if out of the particular situation of the witness , or the circumstances of the case , there should arise any special ground of objection , it would still be in the power of the judge to decide upon such special objection according to the law as it should appear to him , he not being compelled by this declaratory law to over-rule such objection in the first