The question then would be , what ought the substitute to receive ? No such thing was provided for here ; but a fine was to be inflicted on the man who did not reside in his parish . It was a monstrous principle to enquire into all the particulars of a man 's property , ( he did not mean to say but that , in some particular cases , such as taxes , it might be necessary ) , and settle what a man was to pay out of that property to the person whom he employed . The evil complained of could not be removed without attacking pluralities . He sincerely wished all the curates had 250l . per annum , but that the public was not now able to give them . He equally wished the abolition of pluralities , and if any gentleman who was more competent than himself would consider it , he thought it a most laudable , spirited , and practicable undertaking . In the parish of Chertsey , where he resided , the amount of the rector 's income was no more than 100l . a year . According to the provisions of this bill , the curate was to have but 20l . a year ; and in a parish next it , where the duty was not half so great , the income might be five times as much . This measure , then , being vicious in its principle , he would oppose it in the present stage . said he should wish to spare the house the trouble of hearing arguments which might be applied with more propriety to the bill when in a committee ; he did not however agree with the argument urged by the right hon . gent . against the bill , who had urged it on the idea that the bill could not apply in all cases ; it was , in his opinion , right to apply the bill to all cases in which it could be applied , and it was no objection to the bill that it could not be carried into effect in every instance . It appeared to him , that all the reasons which had been alleged against the bill were chiefly of a nature which did not go to the principle of it , but against the principle of any bill which had for its object 927 the regulation of this subject . This bill did not give to the bishop so much power as the former bill , which was now the law , for by that bill the bishop had the power of giving the whole of the rectory to the curate up to the extent of 75l . a year ; whereas by this bill , no more could be given in any case than the one-fifth of the produce of the rectory . was against the bill as a partial measure ; whereas , if any thing was done at all in this matter , the whole of it should be taken up on a broad and general principle . Pluralities and all other abuses should be considered , if the subject was to come under legislative consideration.—The house then divided , when there appeared : For the second reading , 13 ; Against it , 25 . Majority against the bill 12 . It was consequently lost moved , that this house do strictly prohibit and forbid any publication whatever of the Trial of lord Melville , during the continuance of the same ; and that notices of such order be posted up on the doors of this house , and on the doors of Westminster Hall . asked if there was any precedent for such a motion ? replied in the negative ; but argued that such a regulation was called for by reason and justice . He adverted to the instances of speeches , or proceedings , for 2 or 3 days successively , namely , on one side of the question , and in support of the charges , without the other party having an opportunity of