into the hands of the enemy ; then another question would arise . It is notorious , that every captain entrusted with the conveyance of public dispatches , receives written official instructions from the secretary 's office at each presidency to keep the public dispatches entrusted to him , in a state of preparation ; that is , ready slung and loaded with weights to be instantly thrown into the sea from the stern gallery , at any moment when he should see that the capture of his ship by an enemy was unavoidable.—Why were these orders not obeyed ? How came those most important dispatches from India , as well as outward bound , which were published at Paris , to fall into the hands of the French ? How did it happen that our government for many successive months knew nothing of their contents , nor indeed of the state of India , but through the medium of the French newspapers , retranslated into ours ? —Have the directors made any effective enquiry into the causes and circumstances of this most unfortunate event ? I call it unfor- 189 tunate only , until I know that it was owing to some negligence , which of itself would be criminal , without supposing a worse motive.—The subject of the motion , which I am now about to make , is not , or rather ought not to be , new to this house . I have mentioned it repeatedly , but without success , or being able to obtain the least explanation concerning it . And how should it be otherwise , when , as the noble lord well knows , his interest , which was considerable , and mine put together , could never obtain an audience of more than fifteen or twenty members to his India budgets ; and that , towards the close of those debates , we were generally left to ourselves , with the chairman of the committee.—This supineness on the subject of India , has already produced the worst consequences as to India ; and if another course be not adopted , I am sure will be the cause of serious distress , to this country . On the 21st of Jan. 1805 , ( see vol . iii . p . 50 . ) I stated to the house , that a sum of money equal to 352,000l . had been lately charged in the disbursements of the presidency of Bombay , with no other explanation than these Words : `` Lent to the Guicowar . `` —The house ought to know two things ; —that the several presidencies in India are generally in distress for money , and constantly employed to raise it by every possible expedient ; and that Bombay is the poorest and the most distressed of them all . In these Circumstances , they profess to have lent an enormous sum of the company 's money to this their tributary prince . To save the time of the house , I beg leave to read , what I before said , and which has been some time an print on this subject , as a part of my speech : `` In the country of Guzzerat , to the north-west of Bombay , there is , a Prince called Guicowar ; a part of his territory has been ceded to the company , partly to make good the pay of our subsidiary force stationed at Poona , and for other objects of indemnification . Out of that fund we ought to have received a considerable revenue ; but to that prince the government of Bombay have lent a sum not much less than 360,000l . The documents relative to this extraordinary transaction , I think , ought to have been laid before the house , under the orders already given ; which would save time and trouble ; if not , it must be the subject of a particular motion . '' I think it is natural 190 to ask on what ground , and .for what reason , this loan was made . In the printed papers