the noble lords who moved and seconded the address . There could not be the slightest difference of opinion , with respect to that part of the address , which related to the victory off Trafalgar : every man must concur in any measure , calculated to evince the sense which the nation entertains of the brilliant and meritorious services of the late lord viscount Nelson , and to enable his majesty to , make the most splendid provision for those to whom his honours had devolved . He was happy to find that the address pledged their lordships to no approbation of the conduct of government . That was a question which called for future deliberation . He should be the last man in the world to express any unfavourable opinion on the actions of others , until he had grounds for forming that opinion . When the subject came fairly under the consideration of the house , he should state that view of it with which his mind was impressed . expressed his acquiescence in most of the observations which had fallen from the two noble lords who had spoken last . To both , and particularly to the noble lord who had just sat down , he gave the fullest credit for the motives which had induced them to wave any discussion of the measures of government , at the moment when his right hon . friend , 10 the chancellor of the exchequer , was labouring under a severe indisposition . There was not an Englishman but must experience the sincerest regret at the indisposition of an individual who was the admiration , not only of his own country , but of the world ; and he could well believe , that the impression which it made on the feelings of the noble lord , must be increased in a degree proportioned to the sincere friendship which had long subsisted between them , and the more intimate opportunities which he had had of appreciating his transcendent merits . He could , however , assure their lordships , that his majesty 's ministers were then fully prepared , should it be the pleasure of the house , to enter into the most comprehensive discussion of their conduct . But he would , at the same time , freely state , that his majesty 's speech was intentionally couched in such language as it was supposed would create no difference of opinion as to the terms of the address . Ministers felt , that the existing state of affairs required the most ample communications on their part ; and they were anxious only to delay any discussion until such communications could be laid before parliament . Under such circumstances , he could not avoid observing , that it would be a departure from all precedent in parliamentary usage , to precipitate a discussion . When ministers called for the opinion of the house , without laying any information before them , or what was conceived to be imperfect information , it was then indeed customary to oppose their propositions on those specific grounds ; but he never knew an instance when it was attempted to force a discussion on points , respecting which ministers were desirous of previously communicating information to parliament . complimented the two noble lords on the motives which induced them to abstain from then discussing the conduct of his majesty 's ministers . He , however , expressed his conviction that that conduct , when the requisite information was before the house , would meet their unanimous approbation . It would be found such as would place in the most conspicuous point of view , the character of the government and of the country . Not withstanding the unfortunate result of the efforts of our allies on the continent , he pledged himself , that the issue of the most ample investigation , upon the documents which it would be his duty to lay 11 before their lordships , would be a general concurrence in his opinion , that there was not a single measure which could have been prospectively suggested , that had