part , in exchanging the permanent situation of chief justice of the common pleas , for the precarious one of chancellor , if he had not felt that that situation was incompatible with the Cabinet ; and a noble earl , now no more , the predecessor of that noble lord in both these high legal situations , when he was anxious to be admitted into the cabinet , that he might be responsible for measures which he approved , himself told us , in his place in this house , that he was fully aware of the imprudent and disadvantageous exchange which that wish necessitated ; but , aware as he was of the imprudence and the risk , I never heard of his attempting to avoid that risk , by a proposition so mon- 257 strous as that of admitting him into the cabinet , in his capacity of chief justice of the common pleas . My lords , that noble earl well knew , that it would have been at best but an ungracious act , to have taken advantage of that permanent affluence , which the bounty of parliament had attached to the office of a judge , for far different purposes , as the means of screening himself from that risk , and reconciling his interests and his ambition . He felt , that he was about to make a sacrifice to that ambition ; and he felt , truly , that the sacrifice ought to be his private emolument , and not the constitution of his country . My lords , I much tear , that if some speedy and effectual remedy be not applied to this crying evil , the provisions of William III . and the present reign , for securing the integrity and independence of the Judges , will scarcely operate in any other way than as a bounty on their ambition , by enabling them to brave the storms of the political world , without the risk of shipwreck . But , my lords , if the course of precedents and practice was far less strongly in my favour , this is , after all , a question which must ultimately be decided by more enlarged and liberal views of the subject , and by considerations of expediency and of common safety , which are paramount to all precedents and all practice . In the whole compass of state policy , I know of no one principle on which there has been so universal a concurrence , as on the necessity of separating the judicial authority from the executive . This is a point , about which there can be no question . It is a truth indisputable , and which has never been disputed . All legislators , all statesmen , all eminent writers who have pronounced any judgment upon it , have concurred in these opinions . The remarks of Montesquieu , on this head , are pointed and remarkable ; and such value does he attach to the judicial power being kept separate and distinct , that he is directly of opinion , that when this principle is respected , no form of government can be very oppressive ; and that when it is neglected , be the form of government monarchical , aristocratical , or republican , private individuals must be exposed to a despotism , as severe as that which prevails in the dominions of the grand signior . Nor , my lords , is this a principle of mere general importance and advantage ; it is one which goes home to the fire-side of every private family ; it is one in which is 258 involved the daily comfort and the daily security of every man in England . What , my lords , would be the alarming situation of any individual in this country , who , commenting on the general transactions of government , with that freedom which is the birth-right of every inhabitant of the land we live in , should thereby incur the displeasure of government , and a prosecution , under their direction , by the attorney-general ? My