committee , on that occasion . '' observed , that the narrow ground on which the hon . gent . had proceeded , had made it an easy thing to answer him ; but when he had brought forward charges as they were called , against so considerable , and so meritorious a character , as that of the marquis Wellesley , he should have stated the grounds on which they were to be founded ; and he should also have taken the trouble of perusing those papers , which he said , would substantiate them , before he made those charges ; if he had , the noble lord said he would venture to assert , it would have convinced the hon . member of the impropriety of his conduct . That he had not taken this course , was to be lamented , on account of what was due to the house , as well as to the noble marquis ; for he would venture to assert , without the least fear of contradiction , that when all the papers which had been called for should appear upon the table , and came to tell their own story , there would be found not the least pretence for charging the noble marquis with any misconduct ; on the contrary he would deserve praise . He hoped , therefore , that all the papers would be granted , and that there was no formal objection to their production . and he was not aware of any . By 416 them it would appear , that the marquis Wellesley was so far from waging with the Rajah of Bhurtpore a war of extermination , or having a thirst of blood , that he conducted himself with a forbearance and moderation to which that prince was by no means entitled . It was said that the treaty of peace , a copy of which was now called for , was presented to the Rajah at the point of the bayonet . This assertion again would be completely refuted when the papers appeared upon the table ; for they would prove that at the breaking out of the war with Holkar , in 1803 , the Rajah expressed a desire to unite with the British interest , and a treaty was entered upon with him early in the year 1803 , and concluded and ratified in the following September . The hon . member had alluded to three of the articles of that treaty : he would tell him there was a fourth , which was that the contracting parties should afford to each other the aid of troops in the event of the invasion of their territories . This treaty was agreed upon between lord Wellesley and the Rajah of Bhurtpore , and he was to furnish a considerable force of cavalry to act in conjunction with the British ; upon which the British government thought themselves justified in making a cession of territory to the Rajah , giving him a revenue equal to one third of all his own . Whether this looked like a treaty forced upon the Rajah at the point of the bayonet , the house might judge when the papers came before it . When the war with Holkar broke out in the month of March , a correspondence was detected between the Rajah of Bhurtpore and Holkar , which had for its object the overthrow of the British power , and driving the British entirely from India ; in which plan the Rajah was to have a considerable concern . A copy of this correspondence was sent to lord Wellesley in July , and yet this noble lord , who was said to be a person seeking blood and waging a war of extermination , would be found to have observed a moderation and humanity , the most remarkable , for by some of the correspondence now called for , it would appear , that the noble marquis , even after this detection of the treachery of the Rajah , did not allow him to be punished , considering that he was in the hands