taken into consideration at some future day . The hon . gent . then proceeded to read , the several heads , of charge against marquis Wellesley . It was extremely difficult even to catch the substance with any degree of accuracy . The statement commenced with recapitulating the appointment of the noble marquis to the chief government of Bengal , about the middle of October 1797 , as successor to lord Teignmouth , and that he reached the seat of his government in May 1798 ; in which he continued until he was superseded by the marquis Cornwallis 's re-appointment to the government in August , 1805 ; and that the said marquis Wellesley , though be was solemnly sworn to obey the instructions of his employers , and do every thing in his power , and to the best of his judgment , to promote and support their just and lawful interests in India , yet instead of so doing , on his arrival in India , he disregarded their authority , disobeyed their instructions , assumed to himself a despots ewer , turned his back upon the true interests of the company , and did without their permission , and contrary to their instructions , for the gratification of his own caprice , with the most flagitious profusion , and for corrupt purposes , squander the money of the said 854 company to an enormous extent . It recited also the charter granted to , the company by parliament in the year 1793 , upon the express condition that , in consideration thereof , the company should annually pay to the government , out of the surplus profits of their trade , after deducting the necessary expences of conducting their affairs , the sum of 500,000l . annually ; the assets of the company in England to be . answerable for such payment , and subject to an interest of 15 per cent . : but that in ease of a war In India , or any other reasonable cause to prevent the regular payment of the said annual sum , upon representation from the company to his majesty 's ministers , it should be lawful to defer the payment , and the debt so due to be funded by the company , as due to the government , charged with an interest of , 6 per cent . But that the company had : never paid any part , of that sum . In consequence , a debt to government of 6 millions had accrued ; but the deficiency of surplus , and the consequent inability of the company to pay this sum , had riot arisen from any cause of war , but entirely front the misconduct of the said marquis Wellesley , who had roost profusely , lavishly , and shamefully squandered the property of the company , and neglected those interests which , by engagements the most solemn , he had sworn to promote with vigilance and economy ; whereby the said , company were not only involved in a debt of several millions to the government , but debts also , to the amount of many millions , had been incurred in India , at an increasing interest of 6 , 8 , 10 , and 12 per cent . The result of which was , that the debt of the company , which , on the accession of marquis Wellesley to the Indian government in 1798 , stood at 11,033,648l . was , on his departure from that government , in 1805 , increased to above 31,000,000l . That when marquis Wellesley first arrived in India , every part of the . company 's affairs wore an aspect of prosperity : it had , therefore , only remained for him to have acted with an ordinary vigilance , and to have followed the example and the system of his predecessor . Instead of which , the said marquis Wellesley , by wantonly and profusely increasing the public expenditure , did not only squander all the ordinary means in his hand , but all the additional money he was able to raise