. He supposed this practice had originated in some years of great charge , when it was an object to have five quarters of receipt to meet the form of expenditure ; but in fairness both ought to be reduced within the same limits , and he meant shortly to submit to the house some resolutions to that effect . The grants now voted were large ; they were for the service of a whole year , and a great part of that year had already elapsed , and the charges incumbent on it had been in many respects defrayed . Without entitling the present administration to much credit for the economy of which they boasted , the grants now passed ought , under these circumstances , to carry them far into the next year . He had offered these observations not with a view to oppose the noble lord 's propositions , .but to do away a wrong impression with respect to his late right hon . friend , the noble lord 's predecessor . He complimented the noble lord on the vigour with which he called forth the energies and resources of the country , at a period requiring so much exertion . He congratulated the country on its resources being such as to preclude every idea of compromising its honour for a false and precarious security . We should not , he said , trust for our security to any thing but our own strength and our firmness , never building on that delusive forbearance , to reckon upon which was a confession of weakness , and to that foolish confidence , in which too many of the once independent nations of the Continent had fallen victims . said , he had not described the deficiency it was necessary now to provide for , as having occurred last year , but as being to be provided for at the end of the last year . He was sorry he had not been in the house on Saturday when some discussion arose on this point He had hoped that the explanation given that day , and the time afforded for reflection since , would have prevented the subject from being renewed on Monday . If he had meant to make a matter of charge of this arrear , he would not have enume- 617 rated the items of it , nor explained how it had arisen : he would have brought it forward in the aggregate , and included in it , as he might have done , much of the charges he had comprehended in the Unfunded Debt . He should state the arrears of grants for the service of the last year remaining on hand , 5th Jan. this year , and the demands outstanding against them , and in doing so he should still think himself justified in what he had said on a former night with respect to the treaties . He might even have put that in a stronger point of view , for the calculation was made in the prospect of success , and the provision which was not more than sufficient in the event of total failure , must have fallen far short in the event of the expected success . He then summed up the balances of grants on hand , on 5th Jan. which amounted to 2,655,803l . ; and the demands outstanding against them , which amounted to 7,449,400l being an excess of demand of 4,793,597l He had merely stated , that these demands were outstanding , and to be provided for . The right hon . gent . who had preceded him , would have felt it his duty to act in the same way , under the same circumstances . If arrears were to be provided for , he would have felt the propriety of stating them to the house , as he had done ; explaining the nature of them ; and shewing , that they were not likely to recur again . The hon . gent . expressed a hope that the grants now proposed would , with the economy proposed by his majesty