was of opinion with his learned friend ( Mr. Garrow ) , 'that it would introduce a very improper precedent . He wished to have the question disposed of , but there was some difficulty in extricating the house from the present embarrassment . The best way for-this purpose was for the hon . gent . to withdraw his charge , if that could 874 be done consistently with parliamentary , forms , and in that case die charge would not appear on the journals till there appeared . some sufficient grounds to warrant it . If this could not be done , the only other alternative was for the right hon . secretary to withdraw his amendment , and to negative the original question , which would leave the subject open to the hon . member , at any period he should think himself prepared with sufficient grounds to make good his charges . said , he was not obstinately attached to the mode he had recommended , but it yet appeared to him to obviate all the difficulties in the case . It was very singular , that the hon . gent . had moved for volumes of papers , referring to charges he had not made , and yet had not to produce a single authenticated instrument applicable to his present motion . was surprised at the extraordinary language of an hon . gent . ( Mr. W. Pole ) , who had expressed so much pleasure , that he ( Mr. P. ) had now appeared in a tangible form . How be was to be disposed of , now he had been discovered in this tangible shape , had not been explained . It was represented that he had moved for papers with the design , not to support a valid charge , but to fish out materials to constitute such an accusation ; and he was to he considered culpable for not substantiating his allegations by documents , when he had moved for papers as early as June in the last year , none of which were now produced on the table of the house . He did not come now to support the charge , he designed merely to present the general charge , and to move for the vouchers by which it would be justified ; and he was not convinced , that this mode of proceeding was either inefficient or irregular . His sentiments on the misconduct of the noble marquis , were neither new nor peculiar . A noble lord , of the highest reputation , entertained the same opinions ; many others of sound discretion , saw matters in the same light ; and 29 , out of 30 , of the East-India directors , had sanctioned his thoughts on the subject . The right hon . secretary of state himself had been at least nearly of the same opinion , as he had approved in the most unqualified manner of a speech of an hon . member below him ( Mr. Francis ) in 1805 , which represented the conduct of lord Wellesley in the same light that he had done . Another right hon . gent . also on the bench below him 875 ( Mr. Sheridan ) had represented the transactions of the Carnatic , as of the foulest and most criminal kind , and had declared if government at that time should not adopt some proper proceeding thereon , he should think it his duty to take some steps to expose the criminality of those proceedings . He thought . he had a right to call upon those gentlemen to remain faithful to their assertions , and to give him their cordial support in conformity with their declared sentiments . It is with the utmost reluctance that I now or at any time meddle with this subject . But I am called upon in such terms , as force me , whether I will or no , to take part in the debate . I have not changed or relinquished my opinion on the subject of the Marhatta War , as I delivered it in