. gent . seemed so confident in his own abilities as not only to think himself adequate to the management of the prosecution in this arduous case , but was also anxious to have the direction and arrangement a greater degree of diffidence to the hon . gent. , and advised him to be satisfied with taking the lead in the prosecution . It had been shrewdly suspected , 89 he said , that the hon . gent . had been set on in this business by other persons who had got a rap over the fingers in that department , and wished perhaps to be in good company ; and nothing could serve as a greater proof of the truth of this suspicion , than the manner in which he had proceeded in this matter . He would ask the hon . gent . how he came to know what were the contents of those papers ? He had not taken the trouble of reading them over , voluminous as they were , since they had been laid on the table , and how could he judge of their relevancy or irrelevancy ? He must have seen them in the office then , and he begged leave to say that that was seeing them scandalously and suspiciously . He believed the papers were necessary to the defence . The charge was general , and the investigation of every department therefore that at all related to the duties of the noble lord when in office , became in some degree necessary . That papers therefore had been introduced relative to the shipwrights , could form no objection to their relevancy . It had been stated that the noble earl had abolished the old system in the naval department ; but if that system was a bad one , it could form no objection to his lordship . He could assure the hon . gent . that that noble lord was much obliged to him for bringing this question before the house and the public . Instead of wishing to procrastinate , he was confident that the sooner the investigation took place , it would the more speedily illustrate his character . He only wished that that investigation should be a fair and full one , and not garbled and partial , as seemed to be the wish of the hon . mover . He again assured the hon . gent . that there would be no procrastination of the noble earl , and requested him to be a little more sparing of his invectives , as he would be heard in good time . He again repeated that the charge of procrastination was an unfounded calumny . assured gentlemen that nothing would give him greater satisfaction than the production of any paper that would justify the noble lord ; but the papers in question he was contending were not of that description , when again interfered , informing the hon , member , that if he apprehended himself to have been misconceived in any respect , he was at liberty to explain ; but that it was a transgression of order to proceed beyond the mere limits of explanation . then begged to be permitted to say a single word respecting the charge brought against him relative to his motives in originating this business . He was ready to assure the house , that he had taken in up without premeditation [ a laugh ] , and in consequence of no previous consultation with any person . He had never read any of the papers in office , and had only spoken from his general knowledge of the subject . jun . corroborated this testimony so far as related to the admiralty , assuring the house , that the hon . member had had no communication with that office.—The hon . gent . was then permitted to withdraw his motion . presented , in pursuance of his majesty 's command , Copies of the Treaties entered into by his majesty with various powers on the continent , with other official papers relative to that subject ; correct copies of which