to the present moment , procrastination seemed to have been the great object of lord St. Vincent and his friends . He could afford no better proof of this than by referring to those voluminous papers , that had been laid on the table , from time to time , and of which , by far the greater part bore not the most dis- 83 tant relevancy to the matters in question . The expedient of printing those papers , which nobody he was sure would react , was another additional support to this procrastinating system , to which he wished a stop to be put as speedily as possible . He would assure the friends of the noble lord , in the mean time , that no procrastination on their part should shake his determination of persevering in the course he had begun . Whatever should be the situation of parties , whatever new administration should be formed , whatever changes should take place in his majesty 's government , he would abide by those charges he had originally brought forward , and persist in regarding it as one of his highest parliamentary duties to substantiate and prosecute them . He had charged lord St. Vincent with a criminal neglect of duty in the high official situations he had held , and particularly in his post at the admiralty ; and no delay that might he contrived , no obstacle that might be thrown in his way from any quarter would relax his exertions in making good this charge . But he was anxious that this should be done as speedily and with as little expence as possible . If the house , therefore , should concur with him in his motion of rescinding the order for printing those papers , it was his intention to follow up this motion with another for referring them to a select committee , to examine what papers really ought to be printed , and to reject the rest that had no relation to the question , as useless and cumbersome . The printing of such voluminous papers would only create enormous expences , while such as were relevant would be lost amid the great mass of matter , and from their ponderous size , would be useless to the house . It was far from being his wish , at the same time , to press this matter on the house in such a way as to prevent the noble lord or his friends from making the necessary arrangements for his exculpation . He protested to the house that he was actuated by the purest motives in bringing forward the charges he had done , and from no personal animosity to that noble lord . His public duty was the only imperious voice which in this proceeding he obeyed ; a voice which he thought every member in that house ought to obey , and a duty which every member ought to feel . He was fulfilling a duty which was equally incumbent on every man in that house . here called the hon . gent . 84 to order . He was departing he thought from the forms necessary to be observed in submitting motions to their consideration , and entering into a field not at ail connected with the professed object of his motion . was of opinion that the hon . member was at perfect liberty to assign reasons for his motion , and so long as he confined himself to that object , thought he was perfectly in order . then continued , and insisted that at a tone when our great national interests were so much at stake , it was the duty of every man to watch with particular care over the interests of that department of the public service on which our safety as well as glory depended . He did not wish to give offence to any member ; nor did he think it necessary to extend his explanation ; but he must repeat his fixed resolution to bring forward his charges under any circumstances , and under any set of men , for