Volunteers , and extremely ineffectual as to the training of the Levy en Masse . If the bill proposed to be repealed had not produced , then , it certainly had not produced agitation , ferment , and apprehension in every part of the Country . concurred in opinion with the last speaker ; but , from the low tone iii which his lordship spoke , we could not collect his arguments . conceived the question before the house to be simply this ; whether , for the purpose of raising men for the army , parish officers should be preferred to recruiting officers ? and also , whether the , parishes should he subject to a penalty of 20l . for not raising men whom it was out of their power to procure ? There was no degree of necessity which could warrant such a measure , so oppressive was it in its operation ; and yet he was persuaded that more men could be had from the regular recruiting . In the 1014 county which he had the honour to represent ( Berkshire ) , it was found quite impossible to procure the quota required by the act under consideration . Indeed , only in men had been Obtained altogether . The parishes had , in Consequence , been assessed to the amount of 6,6201. and no less than . 4000l . had been actually paid . Would then the rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) propose to release other counties which had not yet furnished their quotas or paid the penalties ? and if be would , be could not conceive upon what principle of equity the penalties paid by Berkshire should not be refunded . had certainly many objections to the bill , the repeal of which had been moved ; but still he would contend , that it had not had fair play . As to the other topics that were to follow , in consequence of the general plan of the rt . hon . gent. , he should have thought that . rt . hon . gent . the last man to propose a limited service . How often had he declared against the ill effects of such a system , as manifest in the militia . In short , he thought the plan in contemplation went to tamper with , the militia , to tamper with the levy eat masse , to tamper with the Volunteers , and with the whole of the existing military establishment . With respect to the Volunteers , he thought it would be a gross violation of the public faith , more especially after the solemn vote of thanks which had passed that house in their favour . supported the original motion , although he was formerly an advocate for the bill which it proposed to repeal ; but he was disappointed in effects promised from it . Some men were no doubt raised be it , but the means adopted were extremely exceptionable . From inquiry he learnt that the expedient resorted to in several parishes for procuring men was this ; the men not being raised in due time , the parish officers levied the 20l . penalty , out of which they took so much as , added to the sum allowed by government for each man , actually made up a bounty of 271 . The balance of the penalty was used in the same way , and thus by high bounties the men recently raised were induced to enlist . said , he disapproved of every limb of the Minerva which had lately sprung from the rt . hon . secretary 's brain , and hoped it would prove equally objectionable to the house . The rt . hon . gent . would base the country to rely altogether on a standing army , but he deprecated the idea . The battles alluded to by rt . hon . gent . on a 1015 former evening ( Marengo and Austerlitz ) , decided , no doubt , the fate of a nation . But why ? Because that