been omitted ; nor one adopted , which , upon the most deliberate review of all the events that had occurred , it would have been desirable to retract . Having given this pledge to their lordships , and adverting to the desire expressed by his noble friend ( lord Grenville ) that the house should be fully in possession of every thing which related to those measures , before their lordships should proceed to the discussion of them , he would suggest to the noble earl , who gave notice of a motion for Monday next , whether it would not be advisable to postpone it for a few days longer . He was not certain , that it would be in his power by that day , to lay before the house all the documents which it might be deemed advisable to submit to its consideration ; at any rate it was impossible that the house should then be so fully in possession of their contents , as to enable it to proceed to a discussion of them . said , that his noble friend seemed to interpret what had fallen from him in a larger sense than he intended . He was unwilling that their lordships should separate under the impression , that he conceived-all discussion upon the state of affairs should be forborne until the communications alluded to were laid before parliament. ? These communications , so far as the character of his majesty 's ministers was implicated in the transactions on the continent , were certainly indispensibly requisite to enable the house to conic to a correct decision on their conduct . But there were various other topics connected with the present situation of the country , which called for the consideration of parliament with the least possible delay ; and as these would , no doubt , he adverted to by the noble earl below him on Monday , he would certainly , so far as his opinion went , recommend it to that noble lord to persist in the notice which lie had given.—The motion being then put from the woolsack , was agreed to , nem . diss . and a committee appointed to draw up an address accordingly . The committee returned in a few minutes after , and presented a copy of the address , which was unanimously adopted ; and the lords with white staves , were appointed to wait on his majesty , to know when he would be pleased to receive the same . called their lordships ' attention to the state of the proceedings in the case of Mr. justice Fox . It was necessary , as well for the sake of the person accused , as for the sake of those concerned in the accusation , that the time in which their lordships may be able to take up , and proceed with , the business , should be specified ; for his part , he was prepared to come forward with the evidence , relative to whatever concern he might have in the business , as soon as the pleasure of the house should be known in that respect . made several observations in consequence of what fell from the noble marquis ; but , in such a tone of voice , as that the far greater part of what he said , was inaudible at the bar . In the outset , he expressed his concurrence in the propriety of what the noble lord said , as to the period for proceeding with the business , being fixed with certainty.—Lord Hawkesbury gave notice , that on Friday he should move a vote of thanks to lord Collingwood and sir Richard Strachan , and the officers and seamen under their command , in the recent actions off Trafalgar and Rochefort.—Earl Darnley stated his intention to take an early opportunity , of moving for an account of the number of men raised by the parish officers , under the Additional Force Act.—On the motion of lord Hawkesbury , lord Walsingham was appointed chairman of all their lordships ' committee , during the present session.—Adjourned .