get more money than they would have done in that town , the improvement of their circumstances could give them no right to put any body to additional expence , for the 521 exercise of their franchise . If gentlemen considered that this bill would virtually disfranchise any body , they should always recollect , that it was in the power of the candidates themselves to do by an agreement , what the present bill proposed to do by a law . He declared , his only object in bringing it in was , to put an end to the dreadful expence to which candidates were now exposed : and , by that means , to encourage men to stand as candidates , whose talents would be an acquisition to that house , but who were , at present , unable to stand before the length of purse which might be opposed to them . objected so much to the principle of the bill , that he could not vote for its going into a committee . It was his opinion , that no bills should go into a committee but such as were approved of in their principle . His objections were principally to the disfranchisement of such a considerable number of electors.—The question was then called for , and the house divided ; when the numbers appeared , for the second reading 73 ; against it 17 ; majority 56 . The bill was then read the second time , and committed for Wednesday . said , he rose to move for certain papers relative to the Affairs of India ; whereupon , felt it his duty , as the hon . member had given no notice of his motion , to state to the hon . gent . what he conceived , after what had recently passed on this subject , the practice agreed on by the house to be : first , he understood it to be settled , that any member was entitled to move for any of the returns , or public accounts usually returned to parliament every session , without giving any notice ; secondly , that any of his majesty 's servants in that house had a right to move for any return they chose , at the same time , stating it to be for the use and information of that house , without any previous notice ; thirdly , any gentleman might move for any official document , without notice , without giving any notice ; secondly , that any of his majesty 's servants in that house had a right to move for any return they chose , at the same time , stating it to be for the use and information of that house , without any previous notice ; thirdly , any gentleman might move for any official document , without notice , if he at the same time stated that he had communicated his intention to some one or more of the persons in whose departments such document was deposited , and that there was no likelihood of objection to such motion . But in all other cases , he understood it to be the practice , as now settled , that no motion for any such document could be entertained by the house , without previous notice . This , until he should be further instructed by the sense of the house , 522 he held to he the practice agreed on ; and , until the house should be pleased to give directions to the contrary , he should feel himself by duty precluded from putting the question on any such motion , of which no previous notice shall have been given . said , he willingly submitted to the established practice of the house . The reason why he had not communicated with any of the gentlemen belonging to the department was , that he conceived there could not be the least objection made to their production . He then gave notice , that he would , on Tuesday , bring forward his motion , which was for certain papers relative to the