, of the 13th of April 1742 , of the proceedings of this house , in relation to Mr. Nicholas Paxton , might be read : '' And the same being read ; the hon . gent . moved , `` That the said Alexander Trotter , esq . be , for his said offence , taken into the custody of the serjeant at arms attending this house ; and that Mr. Speaker do issue his warrant accordingly . '' [ The speaker , in putting the question , substituted by mistake the name of Alexander Davison , for Alexander Trotter , which occasioned a general laugh . ] On the question being put , rose and expressed his hope that the house would not adopt the proposition of the hon . member , and consent to commit Mr. Trotter for refusing to answer the questions alluded to , upon a fair consideration of the reasons which induced that refusal . When Mr. Trotter understood that he was to be examined before this committee , he very naturally considered the propriety of declining to answer any questions which might have 354 the effect of criminating himself , or exposing himself to a civil suit . Accordingly upon questions being proposed , which appeared to Mr. Trotter to have that tendency , he had recourse to the advice of counsel , and this advice corresponded with that which was pronounced law by several of the Judges in another place . The majority of the Judges had , he was aware , declared the law to be otherwise . But still , doubts existed upon the question , viz . whether a witness was compellable to give such answer to any question as might subject himself to a civil action , and in consequence of these doubts it was understood that a declaratory law was deemed necessary , and was intended to be brought forward . Under these circumstances , considering the difference of opinion which prevailed upon the point which applied to this subject even among the Judges , and that it was not yet ascertained what the law was , but that on the contrary a declaratory law was in contemplation , which two of the most respectable law lords had very properly said would require the most mature deliberation , he trusted the house would not visit the proposed punishment upon the conduct of Mr. Trotter.—The hon . bart . then read the opinion of counsel , under which Mr. Trotter had acted . This opinion was signed by Mr. serjeant Shepherd and Mr. Alexander , and imported that a witness was not compellable to answer any question , the effect of which might be to subject him to a civil suit . With all these considerations in view , it struck his mind , and he hoped it would appear in the same light to the house , that , pending the progress of the bill which was now in the other house of parliament , and which was introduced by the hon . mover himself , it would not be more reasonable than just , that the committee should suspend their enquiry upon this part of the case . It would , indeed , he inconsistent with the grounds upon which that bill professed to rest , to take a different course ; for that bill , as well as the act of indemnity from criminal prosecutions , obviously recognised the principle on which the conduct complained of in Trotter , was quite justifiable . From these considerations he must say , that to commit Mr. Trotter into custody would be an act of oppression . If the hon . mover would consent to have the enquiries of the committee suspended , so far as Mr. Trotter was concerned , until the bill before the other house should be passed 355 into a law , the refusal of Mr. Trotter to answer any question put to him by the committee , could not be excused , and upon the enactment of such law , he believed , that Mr. Trotter would not be inclined to make any