before been a question whether property should be hereditary . The wise policy , however , that guided the conduct of lord Cornwallis , in that , as in every other instance , had been rendered abundantly obvious , by the effects it had produced on the prospects of the country.—After a variety of observations , which were delivered in a low tone of voice , the hon . member declared the impossibility of doing justice to the memory of that great man , whether 123 in respect to the integrity , the ability , or ardour , he had uniformly displayed in the service of the public . The motion , sir , which has just been made by the noble lord , and supported with great propriety by the hon . director of the India company , wants no seconding of mine to recommend it . I believe it is as much in unison with the judgement and feelings of every man in this house and in the nation , as it is with mine . I have many motives for wishing to take some part in it . One of them has arisen accidentally from a passage in the noble lord 's speech , repeated and enforced by the hon . director . I find now , though it had not occurred to me before , that I am personally indebted to the memory of the noble lord whom we have lost . It is said , and , I doubt not , very truly , that lord Cornwallis , proceeding on a principle of benevolence , which in my mind is the essence of wisdom , and the foundation of national prosperity , made it his first care to protect the people , whom fortune or Providence has placed under our dominion . Let our right be what it may , I am sure there is no other way to make the possession either profitable or secure . On this principle lord Cornwallis gave to the natives of Bengal a security in their landed property ; I appeal to the noble lord , and more particularly to the hon . director , whether this is not the very plan which I proposed in 1776 , and which lord Cornwallis has done me the honour to adopt and execute ? I am bound to be grateful to his memory for the honour he has done me . In stating other reasons for my concurrence in this motion , I shall confine my view to the Indian theatre , as the hon . director has done . I know it best , and that , on this ground , lord Cornwallis 's merits are not only eminent but indisputable . Sir , an occupation of thirty years at home and abroad in the service of India , has given me a claim to an interest in any question that concerns it . He who has served that country , as lord Cornwallis has done , is entitled , on that score , to all the return that I can make him . To do him honour is not in my power . But it is honourable to myself to contribute , if I can , to the only reward that can now be given him . But I am specially bound to it by another tie . Every gentleman in this house can not know as well as I do , what his merit was in undertaking to go to India at so advanced a period of his life . 124 He could not be insensible of the probability there was that he might never return to England . I thought it a certainty . He saw his danger , and be encountered it without hesitation for the public good . It was a danger too , which , though far beyond that of a battle , had no prospect of military fame to recommend it.—Another argument arises out of this consideration . The merits and the honour of lord Cornwallis are not within the reach of diminution ; but his fortune has not been equal to his