come now , however , to the principal point in my right hon . friend 's plan ; the enlisting for a limited time . The noble lord observes upon this , that though the late Mr. Pitt was at first captivated with the idea , he was induced , upon mature consideration , to abandon it . Really I do not know what use the noble lord is to make of the opinions of that right hon . person , if he is to be the administrator of them . I have read of Mark Anthony giving out memorandums and scraps of Julius Cæsar 's ; and I remember that considerable doubts were entertained of the truth of such vouchers of Cæsar 's sentiments . All I know is , that I never heard that right hon . gent . say in parliament , that he had changed his views on the subject ; nay , I have heard accounts very different indeed from those of the noble lord . For myself , I always have been , and still continue , a warm friend to the principle of enlisting for a limited Lime . The noble lord observing on my right hon . friend 's argument , that this would facilitate the recruiting , thinks proper to allude to something he supposes me to have said respecting the hardship or bondage of the situation of men engaging in a service for life . I remember , indeed , that I said on a former occasion , that I considered such a system as unsuitable to the genius of this constitution , and that in addition to the object of policy , it would be an additional argument with me , that we should get rid of what appeared to me desirable to change . We must submit to many things in themselves unpleasant , because we can not help them ; but , surely , when humanity and constitutional principle coincide with true policy , it will be an additional inducement to every honourable mind , to rectify what is amiss . The noble lord , however , seems determined to have `` two strings to his bow '' in argument as well as in every thing else ; and , to say the truth , he has sometimes three or four . He foresees great danger in the plan proposed , and says that mutinies may perhaps arise . This , indeed , is no bad hint ; but let that pass . While the old soldiers , on one view of his argument , may perhaps mutiny , because they do not obtain the right of discharge the new will have , he shews in another , that no such danger exists , because , in fact , if not in right , the soldiers can obtain their discharge , so can have , no reason to be offended with the privilege granted to others . Thus the noble lord , with one of his argu- 712 ments answers the other , without at all answering that of my right hon friend , as to the beneficial tendency of enlisting for a limited time , as an inducement for men to enter . But he says this is all theory . What the noble lord means by theory , I can not tell ; but I see very well , not only that the proposed regulation has a tendency to remove an objection to the service , but that it has been adopted , in practice for that end . In part of the Prussian army , contrary to the broad assertion of the noble lord , it was the custom to enter for a limited term . It was said , indeed that Frederick the Great was not very scrupulous in executing the contract , though it was clear what was considered the tendency of the regulation ; and I am convinced , that , with a government like this , scrupulous in its faith , the regulation would most powerfully operate as an inducement to the service . Besides , the noble lord is