instructions were prepared , or sitting at the cockpit , where appeals were heard ; and this system of disqualification might be applied to most of the great officers of the crown . said , that notwithstanding the extraordinary display of ability exhibited by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) the question stood exactly where it did . The public sentiment , which he had taken much pains to ascertain , was , that the measure was dangerous , unconstitutional , and alarming ; and he was sure that the discussion would extend that opinion , which among all classes and parties , even among the friends of the ministry , was universal . The common sense of the matter was this , that the functions of a chief justice of the King 's Bench , and a member of Cabinet , were incompatible ; and it was even admitted by 334 the right hon . gent . ( Mr . Bond ) , that in particular cases the one must be thrown off , that the other might be retained . If any man could execute both functions without inconvenience and reproach , it was his noble and learned friend , lord Ellenborough . But the incompatibility was manifest . Not only in the case of libels would the lord chief justice be reduced to the necessity of foregoing his duties , or standing exposed either to the suspicion of severity , in punishing the person by whom he was attacked , in common with his colleagues . He might even fall into the error of an honourable mind , in going to excess of lenity to avoid the suspicion which his situation would give him . A judge , too , might be called upon to decide in law , such as embargoes , & c. measures originating in the Cabinet , not in the privy council , though passing there ; and could a judge be perfectly impartial in considering what damages ought to be given to a party claiming them , in consequence of an act of government which he had advised ? Would the public , in troublesome times , such as , some years since , existed , when prosecutions were frequent against seditious persons , be satisfied of the purity of that justice administered by a judge , the colleague of the Cabinet ministers , who thought prosecutions necessary ? It was evident how much the character of our public justice would suffer ; how much the character of a judge would be degraded , from being confounded with the party politics of the day . He did not say that the measure was illegal , but he contended it was highly inexpedient . He alluded to the case of Despard , and asked how the judge , who as a cabinet minister had addressed the court , could have tried an action for false imprisonment , had one been brought , as might have been in that case , had not the very circumstances attending the event furnished the proof which otherwise would have been defective ? He alluded to his own opinion on the volunteer question ; and asked how a judge , a member of the Cabinet , who adopted that opinion , could have satisfactorily tried the question ? In a word , judges ought to be as impartial between the executive government and the party in all public prosecutions , as between individuals in common cases . He then went over the different precedents , and contended that the only one which applied directly , ( that of lord Mansfield , ) ought to discourage a repetition of the attempt . It was impos- 335 sible to say what part the fight hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) would have acted , had this measure been resorted to by a ministry he opposed : but , if he was serious in his attachment to liberty , of which `` all over the world , '' he was an affectionate toaster , it was natural to think he would have opposed a thing