ordered to be printed , it might injure the character of the noble lord materially , before any possibility was afforded of removing the impression that such publication might make . It was not so much from the entry on the journals , that he thought the noble lord likely to suffer , because , in a few months there might also be an entry of his lord-ship 's exculpation from that charge , but , in the mean time , a great deal of mischief might be done by the charge being printed and published through the means of newspapers and other ways . [ He the Speaker informed the right hon . member , that the charge must be entered in the votes , and printed for the use of the members ] . The bon . gent . then concluded , by recommending both motions to be withdrawn . He wished that his right hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) would withdraw his motion for adjourning the debate , and that the hon . mover would also withdraw his original motion . said , he felt it necessary to offer a few words in answer to an hon . baronet ( sir J. Wrottesley ) , and to a right hon . gent . opposite ( M r. Sheridan ) , who had censured the court of directors because . they had not come forward to impeach marquis Wellesley . He had spoken , he said , to this point on a former occasion . He trusted the court of directors , as well as every other class of his majesty 's subjects , had a right to exercise their own judgment , and to take that course which duty and propriety appeared to them to point out . Those of the directors who were members of that house , discharged their duty individually as such , but had no right to bring the India company before parliament . That company , by their executive body the directors , had taken the way the law prescribed to them to deliver their opinion on the measures of lord Wellesley , which was , by stating those opinions in the draft of a letter , addressed to the Bengal government , and sent to the board of commissioners for their concurrence . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) was mistaken in supposing the only object of that letter , written in 1805 , to have been , 869 a censure on lord Wellesley , for transactions which passed in 1802 . That object also , when circumstances should be explained , would appear fully justified ; but there was another and a general object of a prospective nature . The court of directors thought that the constitution , appointed by law for British , India , had been , in many respects , violated , under , the administration of lord Wellesley , and they deemed it necessary , when a change of the governor general was about to take place , to assert and recall the true principles of the constitution , so that no acts by which it had been infringed , should seem to have the sanction of tolerance or prescription . This was a general and strong reason for the framing of the letter which they had written ; and in this view they held : the measure of writing that letter to be their indispensable duty , and of very great importance . But it did not follow , that because they disapproved of the , conduct of marquis Wellesley , or of any other governor , that therefore they must come forward to that house with an impeachment . If this was to be their course , even upon every occasion of grave disapprobation , they might , perhaps , occupy the attention of that house and their own , in a way incompatible with the due transaction , of the many other affairs in which they were necessarily engaged . This was , trot the way for the company usually to , take , and gentlemen who