judges , he did not find that there was any one of them who stated , that the rules of evidence in courts of law were to be governed by any reference whatever to those of equity , but that they all maintained a contrary doctrine . As to the necessity of this declaratory bill , he said it arose from the uncertainty which prevailed upon the subject , from the sentiments expressed by some of the judges ; and he considered that necessity to be increased by the authority of his right hon . and learned friend ( the master of the rolls ) , who seemed to concur in the opinions of the minority . It was some satisfaction , however , to reflect , that , to the 8 judges , whose opinion was in favour of the obligation on witnesses to answer such questions as might afterwards subject them to civil process , were to be added the authorities also of the present and late lord chancellor : so that of the persons who must be considered as best qualified to decide , there were 10 who maintained , that witnesses could not protect themselves from answering such questions , against only 4 who seemed to hold a different opinion . said , he thought it would be much better if the bill had not been brought in , and very much to be desired that it should not pass . It was a great pity the other house did not put the question to the learned judges , in order to know precisely , what the exceptions were to which they alluded in their several opinions . Instead of this , as he had been informed , a similar proviso to that now un- 774 der the consideration of the house , was introduced in the lords ; and after considerable argument , negatived ; and then they send it down to this house , and put them into the dilemma in which they now found themselves . It was evident , that the attorney and solicitor-general were directly at variance on the point , and therefore be thought the bill ought not to proceed , especially as it was , in his opinion , altogether unnecessary . Certain he was , that it would be better the proviso should stand , than that the bill should pass without it , as it was the only mode that could , with propriety , be adopted , to get rid of the objection . said , it had been his particular wish to hear the opinions of the learned gentlemen of authority , before he rose to say any thing on the subject , and in having done so with the utmost attention , he could not but say , that he differed entirely with the learned gent . who spoke last , who had certainly delivered his sentiments with great force and perspicuity . He was , for his own part , after every consideration he had been able to give the subject , decidedly in favour of the bill ; but he agreed entirely with his learned friend near him ( the solicitor-general ) , that it ought not to pass with the proviso . He thought , at the same time , that what this bill declared , was not the precise opinion of the majority of the judges ; but what had been said in the course of the present debate completely convinced him , that the bill ought to pass ; for when there was so great a difference in opinion among men of such high authority as the judges , and also among gentlemen so learned in both the theory and practice , as the right hon . gent . ( the master of the rolls ) , as well as the other learned gentlemen who had delivered their opinions on the subject , he thought it was high time the law should be made clear , and no doubt left remaining on the subject . He observed , that great stress had been laid on the words used by