for England , and leaving the law of Ireland upon the same subject in statu quo . The law ought , in his Opinion , to be in all cases general , as far as was consistent with the difference of local circumstances . entreated the house not lightly to reject a measure which he thought perfectly congenial with the spirit of the British constitution . According to the principles of that constitution , a man should come into that house free and independent , and the constituent who sent him there should be free and independent also . Now the former could not be so if he were to pay an enormous sum of money for his election ; nor could the latter be so if he were to receive money for his vote ; and , disguise it as gentlemen pleased , the expense of carriage was a species of payment to the voter . There was a time when , instead of members paying for their election , they were paid for their attendance ; and he should be glad to see the same , practice again . The hon . baronet repeated his wish . Members would be likely to enter that house not with a view to derive any emoluments from the state , but for the benefit of the country . did not agree with the distinction taken by the hon . and learned gent . ( Mr. Morris ) that if any thing more was given than merely the price of conveyance to the place of election , it must be considered bribery . If freemen were to be conveyed to a distant town , suppose , for instance , Coventry , it was evident that there must be considerable expences besides the mere price of the carriage . The candidates were now in a very disagreeable situation , as they could not tell , in the manner the law now stood , what was , or what was not , to be considered in that light . He thought it was therefore right that the law should be made explicit on this point . He trusted that the house would pause before they rejected such a proposition , and begged them to consider that if the expence of carriages were allowed , it was nonsense to suppose that refreshment and treating by the way would not follow ; 516 also whether a compensation for loss of time , which would lead to complete bribery , might not be the next proposition . remarked upon the purity of the principle and the refinement of notion , which the house had witnessed in the speech of the hon . baronet , and the right hon . gent . who had just followed him . Really those two gentlemen were not only so pure themselves , but they seemed to think they were addressing themselves to an angelic audience . No doubt the hon . baronet came into that house with the purest and most disinterested views , and had nothing in view but the good of his country— and the right hon . gent , who followed him was inspired with equal purity , and equally discarded every consideration but that of patriotism . That right hon . gent . had stated , that it was nonsense to suppose that a voter would go from one place to another to give his vote without receiving something more than the law would allow . No doubt the right hon . gent . spoke from his experience . He was , it might be presumed , tolerably competent to judge upon such a subject ; and so , perhaps , were others also . If in reality , every candidate were disqualified who paid the travelling expence of poor voters to the hustings , nay , something more , the right hon . gent . would admit , that the benches on both sides would be rather thinned . For himself , he would say , that he did not like this extreme solicitude to exclude the poor from the gratification usually enjoyed at popular elections