security was not immediately connected with the interests of this country ; but , above all , we shall avoid the giving our sanction to that principle which has been lately adopted , of transferring the subjects of one prince to another , in the way of equivalents , and under the pretext of convenience and mutual accommodation . The wildest Schemes that ever were before broached would not go so far to shake the foundations of all established governments as this new practice . If we are to make exchanges , let us exchange those things which are the proper objects of exchange ; let us give a field for a field , or let us exchange its stock , its oxen , and its sheep ; but let us not consider the people of a country , or the subjects of a state , as matter for exchange or barter . There must be , in every nation , a certain attachment of the people to its form of government , without which no nation can subsist . This principle , then , of transferring the subjects of one prince to another , strike it the foundation of every government , and the existence of every nation . I had , therefore , great pleasure in presenting the note , delivered by me to M. Jacobi , which expressed , that no consideration of convenience or mutual accommodation , much less an equivalent , should ever induce his majesty to forget the exemplary fidelity and attachment of his Hanoverian subjects , or consent to the alienation of the electorate . I do not know that it is neces- 893 sary to make any further observations ; but before I sit down , I must stat , that there can be no doubt but that the shutting the ports of Prussia to British vessels is alone most clearly and unquestionably an act of hostility against this country.—Mr . Fox then concluded , by moving an address of thanks to his majesty , which , as usual , was an echo of the message . rose to express his entire and unqualified concurrence in the address moved by the right hon . gent. , and his cordial approbation of the sentiments with which it was introduced . From the manly manner in which the government had acted upon this occasion , it was impossible that any candid man could refuse them his praise . They had conducted themselves with a firmness so judicially tempered with conciliation , as to maintain the dignity and resolution which pressingly became them in such a case ; and , at the same time , not to shut the door against an opportunity of an amicable adjustment , if the Prussian cabinet were so disposed . The right hon . gent . who opened the motion , had put the argument in favour of this country upon such broad grounds , and sustained the proceeding of his majesty 's ministers by reasoning so irresistible , that he felt it unnecessary to add much to what the house had already heard . Indeed , under all the circumstances , he could not see how it was possible for government to have taken a different course . Prussia , in becoming the instrument of France to take hostile measures against this country , to adopt the course of annoying us that France had previously pursued , left to us no other alternative than that which had been taken . The noble lord vindicated the resolution to resent invasion of Hanover , and expressed his confidence that ministers , in evincing such a solicitude for his majesty 's Hanoverian territories , but acted in unison with the feelings of the British people , who must ever participate in the feelings and wish of their sovereign . As to the arguments used by Prussia , after taking possession of Hanover as a permanent dominion , they appeared to him to be obviously untenable upon any principle of justice . Prussia stated , that France held Hanover by right of conquest , and under that right assumed to dispose of