any particular individual in his eye ; but certainly it was not upon the opinion of one , two , or three general officers , that the measure was founded , but upon the broad principle of general consultation , and no preference given to individuals , as if to artisans who had served their apprenticeships to the art and mystery of recruiting . But , if there were no other reason than the difference of opinion which had already been evinced by military men , those reasons were sufficient to justify him in opposing the motion . As to the general principle of the measure , it was not now before the house , and it would be time enough to discuss that another day . He could not avoid remarking something very 783 whimsical in the right hon . gent . 's alluding to a document , as an authority on this occasion , which was , in fact , no authority at all ; namely , a detail of arrangements in the Austrian service . Hoping , however , that he had convinced the house of the inutility , as well as the impropriety of a compliance with the motion , he should now conclude by voting against it . in explanation , said , that the only reason why he alluded to the document respecting the Austrian service was , because the usages of continental service had been pleaded by the right hon . gent . in support of his plan . was ready to acknowledge , that the principle of the right hon . gent . 's plan in theory , appeared fascinating ; but he was of opinion that it was totally impracticable as to any useful effect : more especially for colonial service . The right hon . gent . had stated , that the opinions of eminent military men were at variance upon the question , and that 6 thought one way , and 7 the other . It was extremely necessary , however , for the house to know what were the nature and form of the questions proposed to these officers . The right hon . gent . admitted , the questions were privately put , and that the answers also were private and confidential ; but it was extremely necessary to scan those opinions , and to compare them with the questions in answer to which they were given . For , when the right hon . gent . said that officers disagreed , he wished to know the mode of the questions put , as statesmen sometimes put questions to military men in a way to elicit an answer applicable to their own purposes . The right hon . gent . said , the answers were confidential , and that the promulgation of them to the house would excite jealousies . To this he would reply , then examine those officers at the bar ; and if it was imagined by any man they were afraid or unwilling to have their opinions known , he must know little of that emulation which pervaded the breast of every military commander , and which was the life avid soul of the army . But , with respect to the questions put to those officers , he shrewdly suspected they did not proceed from the horse-guards , as from the , authority of the commander in chief , but from some of those civil-military gentlemen who had of late assumed the management of the army . With respect to the argument of delicacy in communicating the opinions received , he thought it 784 superseded by a paramount duty to the house and the occasion . He was willing to admit what had been said by an hon . general early in the debate , that recruits were enlisted towards the close of the American war for 3 years , or during the war ; and he had no objection to take as many recruits as could now be raised upon the same principle ; but from what he knew of the spirit of this country , he was convinced that not