to create the 57 battalions , has not had the effect of raising them . All that has been done by the Additional Defence bill has been , at the very utmost , to supply about 9000 men to the line . All that can be expected from it , if it was to continue in full vigour , is a supply of as many every year , and that in a very bad way.—With regard to the Militia , though in its original constitution it can not be ranked under the head of the regular army , yet , it is now carried to such perfection that it must be considered as our army for home defence , and as fully adequate to that object . The Militia may now be considered as part of the regular army , and for home service is certainly equal to any part of our force , with the single exception , that it never has seen actual service , and if it should have to meet the enemy 's attack on British ground , the battle in which it would have to fight for the existence of the country would be the first it would have seen . With respect to the militia , I shall not therefore meddle with it any farther than to continue the suspension already existing , and instead of raising men by ballot , to raise them by the mode of recruiting at a limited bounty . Whether at a future period it may not be politic to diminish this department of our military establishment , will be a tit subject for subsequent consideration ; but I would certainly recommend recruiting for this service on the scheme projected in Ireland , and at a limited bounty . A measure has been suggested , which has at last been settled , at least by a sort of common consent , that the Irish militia should be permitted to enlist in the line ; this I am disposed to promote , by some regular and permanent arrangement , if , in conjunction with the 687 Irish government , the plan should be approved of.—I must again shortly revert to the Volunteers ; for in the great variety of matter to which my attention has been necessarily directed , I have found it difficult to assign to every observation its exact place . With regard to the Volunteers , the allowance for clothing may continue for one year more ; but I wish it to be clearly understood that there is no engagement whatever on the part of government , that this is to continue for the next year . There is one other topic which I had almost forgot , and that is the rank granted to the Volunteer officers . There never was , such monstrous injustice done to any body of men , as has been done to the regular army in granting rank to the Volunteer officers . If the officers of the line are not to have command in their own peculiar province , in God 's name where are they ? To what new state of humiliation are they to be next exposed ? What should we think of such a proceeding in other cases ? What would the learned gent . over the way ( Mr. Perceval ) say to one who should take precedence of him at the bar , merely because he had a larger fortune , and , perhaps , when he had no fortune at all ? If we do not give officers these distinctions , what are we to give them ? Their pay is certainly not profuse , nor have they much in their profession to recommend it , except the honours attached to it . There never was such an outrage as that offered to the regular officers . What would the hon . officer opposite ( general Tarleton ) think , if a man in a red coat were , addressing him , to say , he was the son of a nobleman having rank in a Volunteer corps , and therefore expected he (