to that we were to look for the extinction of the debt . In the year ending Feb. 1 , 1803 , the interest redeemed by means of this fund was 5,835,000l . ; the unredeemed debt , Was at that period , 480,572,000l . Thus the proportion of the sinking fund to the unredeemed debt was then 517,280,500l . making the proportion 567 of the redeemed to the unredeemed as 1 to 68 . After this it was unnecessary for him to enter into any eulogium on the Sinking Fund , nor to detain the house with any panegyric on its former effects , or the hopes that might be entertained of its future operations . The advantage of that fund was very sensibly felt in the prices of stock , and in contracting for loans , which it enabled the public to obtain on better terms . Therefore independent of considerations of good faith which would induce the house to hold and cling to a system once adopted , it was pledged to support it , having had positive and tried experience of its utility.—His lordship then went into an enumeration of the state of finance in Great Britain in 1805 , in order , as he observed , to make the house more particularly acquainted with the precise situation of the country . Total of the navy expenditure , 14,377,513l . Total of the army , 17,183,696l . Ordnance , 4,490,853l . with several other charges , amounting in the whole to 43,690,418l.—Having stated the debt , the means , and the expenditure of the year , he hoped the .house had all the necessary previous information with regard to the true state of the country . I shall now , said the noble lord , recapitulate the supplies of the present year , either already voted or to be proposed . after some compliments to the noble lord ( Henry Petty ) , and acknowledgements of the industry and ability he had shewn , and the perspicuity with which he had stated a detail of topics so intricate and so extensive , for all which he gave him the highest credit , proceeded as follows : —Mr . Speaker ; there are two material passages , in the excellent speech of my noble friend , on which I can not retrain from making a few very short remarks ; 576 on the first with great satisfaction ; —on the second , I am sorry to say , with equal regret . I hear with pleasure , and I congratulate the house on the event , that my noble friend has found means to induce the governors and directors of the Bank of England to receive the duty on the dividends at the Bank . Whether that is to be done by deducting the amount in the first instance , or by what other process , I think he did not state . In whatever manner the measure may be executed , I am sure he has a full right to take personal credit for it , and to state that it will render the tax more productive , as I have no doubt it will do to a considerable amount . A regulation , of the same kind , was attempted a few years ago without success , and I was present when the chancellor of the exchequer informed the house that the directors of the bank , after long consideration , and some trial too , if I am not mistaken , had declared that the plan could not be executed ; that it would derange their accounts and disorder their books , and that , in short , the thing , though desirable , was impracticable . The merit of overcoming these difficulties is due to the noble lord , and the value of the improvement enhanced by its being , to me at least , quite unexpected.—The other subject , to which I must advert , does not furnish matter for similar satisfaction . I mean the sudden and excessive increase of the Income Tax , by raising it at once to 10