are so materially instrumental in preserving the discipline , and promoting the success of our fleets , 5s . per month . At the same time I mean , that a considerable addition should take place in the number of this very useful body of men . This addition to include all those who are denominated on board , the captains of the forecastle , of the mast , of the tops , and of the afterguard , who are the most active seamen on board ; and to each of them I propose an increase of 9s . 6d . per month . To master's-mates and warrant officers I would give an addition of 6s . per month . As the warrant officers are retained and receive their pay during peace , as well as war , the addition to be granted them , in this instance , is only to be allowed while they are in actual service . To the master and surgeons , I have already stated , no addition is to be made . But there is a class of persons in the navy , whose claims to attention are as well founded as the general respectability of their character , I mean the chaplains ; among the general advance , I propose to grant to the chaplain the appointment of schoolmaster , which will form an addition to his revenue of 20l . a year . I now come to the commissioned officers , whose pay has not experienced any rise since the days of queen Anne . First , as to lieutenants , who have received but 5s . per day since that period , I should add 1s . per day ; to the captains and admirals , whose pay has been as stationary as that of the lieutenants , I would also make an addition . The captains , I assure the house , although their complaints have not been so often heard , have as much ; round to complain , and are as much entitled to attention , as any class in his majesty 's service . To the pay of these officers , therefore , I would add 4s . per day . The 913 gradation respecting the admirals I would arrange thus : to rear-admirals an addition of 3s . 6d . per day ; to vice-admirals , 5s . ; to admirals , 7s . ; and to admirals of the fleet , 10s.—The aggregate of the estimated charges under these several heads will be 288,366l . or say 300,000l . per annum . But as the increase for the present year will only commence from the 1st of May next , I have only now to move for the grant of 193,168l.—To the principle of this arrangement I have no fear of any opposition , and if in the details any thing objectionable should occur , I shall be very willing to attend to the suggestion of any gentleman upon it.—The plan of providing for those who are able to serve being gone through , we naturally turn our attention to those who are disabled by age , infirmity , or wounds , from any longer serving their country . For such persons Greenwich chest and Greenwich hospital already furnish some provision . As to the hospital , that institution has quite sufficient funds to answer its object , and any further allowance to the seamen who subsist on it would be rather liable to abuse ; but as to the chest , its funds would be insufficient for the purpose . Those in view require an addition of from 14 to 20,000l . Out of this sum I would have allowed to out-pensioners a certain addition to each , to be a regulated according to their services and their present situation . From 7l/ a year , it should rise in gradation till it reached 1s . per day . For this sum I mean no addition to the public burthens . I propose it to be provided for by a measure which will require a bill to be brought in , namely ,