of his majesty 's late ministers had been followed up to bring the perpetrators to justice , and he seriously wished the endeavour might be successful . As he was up , there were some of the proposed taxes which called for some observation ; the merits of those taxes he did not now mean to discuss . The tax on iron , for instance , would affect an important branch of raw materials in the manufactures of the country . Was the noble lord aware , that our exports in the manufactures of iron had , of late years , fallen off nearly one half , while that of steel and the finer species had dwindled almost to nothing ? The right hon . gent . made similar objections to the Silk duty . Unless a drawback were allowed , a considerable damp must he cast on the export of two most important manufactures . observed , that if the only part of his speech to which the right hon . gent . objected was that in which he had spoken of the frauds arid peculations in the West Indies , and the publicity intended to be observed in the public accounts , conceiving him on those points to have cast a censure upon his majesty 's late ministers , he . begged leave to disclaim any such design . He had never once named his majesty 's late ministers in the course of his speech , nor should he be disposed to speak 580 of a right hon . gent. , now no more , otherwise than with respect . When he spoke of the shameful system of fraud , peculation , and perjury , which had existed in the West Indies , he spoke of it only as shameful to the perpetrators . He did not state that his majesty 's late ministers had taken no pains to detect or to punish those frauds , but he stated , they were still in continuance , and still uncorrected . With respect to the conduct of a late right hon . gent. , nothing that he had said this night , or on any other occasion , could be fairly construed to detract from his merits ; on the contrary , he gave him every credit for the measures instituted by him , to detect and prevent fraud , and for the establishment of the sinking , fund . The noble lord added , that the only eulogium he had uttered , was the professing his determination to adhere to a strict discharge of his duty , and his conviction , that the public held confidence in the intentions of his majesty 's present ministers , which they were determined to justify by their conduct . referred the noble lord to the act of parliament , to see what had been done to check the abuses complained of . replied , that the object of the act had not been attained . observed , that although the noble lord had made no direct charge against his majesty 's late ministers , there was in the tenour of his speech a pretty broad insinuation against their conduct ; that the public were more ready to bear an increase of burthens on the present occasion than before ; and that the fraudulent transactions in the West Indies had continued by something like negligence or connivance : and the noble lord said this in such a way , as he must feel called for some answer . With respect to the West-India subject , he was ready to vouch for the statement made by his right hon . friend . He was extremely glad to hear from the noble lord , that proceedings had been instituted to bring those delinquents to justice ; but he apprehended , from the nature of the reports he had seen , it would be extremely difficult so to do . With respect to the other parts of the noble lord 's statement , he agreed with the hon . member who spoke second in the debate , that it was clear and satisfactory to the