was something very like contrivance about it . For himself , he could affirm that he never had an idea that any such proposition was in contemplation until he heard of the notice , just before the recess , of a motion for leave to bring in the bill . He knew nothing of a committee sitting upon the subject , and there were many others as well as he , whom the knowledge of that circumstance had entirely escaped until the time be alluded to . Then , as to the subsequent course of the hon . gent . The very day after the recess , the first upon which the report of the committee was deliverable , the hon . gent . came forward before , he ( Mr. F. ) would venture to say , five members of the house had read the report , and proposed a motion grounded upon it . This mode of proceeding no one could deny to be rather precipitate , upon a subject particularly of so much importance . To obtain a little more deliberation as to a circumstance which gentlemen were much mistaken if they supposed of inconsiderable interest , was the motive which induced him to call the attention of the house to the motions with which he meant to conclude . That all the presidencies in India were in great distress , was notorious . The house had the authority of lord Cornwallis for believing that the presidency of Madras was most seriously embarrassed ; and that this , with the other presidencies , was running in debt as fast as money could be had to borrow . Into these general distresses , however , he did not at present propose to enter , nor should he go into any discussion about the general state of India . But he would confine himself to the particular object he had in view , which , he wished it to be understood , had no connection with any other question respecting India , which was before the house . Lord Wellesley had , he believed , nothing whatever to do with it . It referred principally to a consideration of 758 our assets in India , and how far these assets were competent to meet the claims upon them . For it was material for parliament always to bear in mind , that what the India company could not discharge , would ultimately fall upon the finances of this country . Therefore it behoved the house carefully to examine every claim upon the resources of that company . He lamented that more of his majesty 's ministers were not present at the discussion of a question of this nature , and that those who were present did not give to the question the attention which it deserved— ( there was at the time some conversation upon the treasury bench ) . Still , however , he would persist in his purpose ; and he promised those gentlemen that they would speedily feel that this subject must be attended to . At all events he would not fail to attend to it : for he was not one of those who could be sunk or broken down by the desertion or inconsistency of any set of men.—Reverting to the subject to which he was about to attract the notice of the house , the hon . member remarked upon the equivocal character of these frequent claims upon the Nabob of Arcot . A great deal of such claims had been already paid . After the payment of several millions ( five or six ) , it was naturally supposed that no more debts were to be heard of . But still some pretended creditors started up . If such pretensions were attended to , he really believed that the whole revenue of the Carnatic would be insufficient to answer them ; and if not , then they must come upon this country . He therefore cautioned the house to pause upon a transaction , of the character of which scarcely any one who heard him could be wholly ignorant ; for