administration . Under these circumstances , if the house were informed that the lord chief justice was chancellor of the exchequer , in the interim , and until a new administration was formed , they would see that it was not possible to have his attendance in that house . He , therefore , hoped the house would consider themselves war- 33 ranted , under these circumstances , in proceeding to the question of the supplies in the absence of the chancellor of the exchequer . It would be a material injury to the public service to delay the supplies in the preliminary stages ; but if in the subsequent stages , gentlemen should then consider it their duty to oppose the grants , they would have abundant opportunities of expressing their opinions when the matter should come more regularly for their discussion : he hoped , therefore , that gentlemen would not oppose the supplies in the early stages , but reserve any objections that they might have to offer , until they should have made such progress , as to have arrived to that stage which was the most usual and proper time to choose for the discussion . said , the objection made by his hon . friend had not at all been answered by what fell from the noble lord . What the noble lord had said , about the competency of the house to proceed to the vote of supplies , in the absence of the chancellor of the exchequer , was not at all applicable to the objection which had been made . His hon . friend had not objected , on account of the absence of a chancellor of the exchequer ; because such absence might proceed from a variety of causes to which no objection could be made . The present objection was not to granting the supplies in the absence of a chancellor of the exchequer from that house , but it was to the granting the supplies when there was no chancellor of the exchequer , or no first lord Of the treasury . Under such circumstances , the house was called upon to vote supplies , while they were in the most complete ignorance who were to have the management of those supplies , or who were to be responsible for the manner in which they were to be applied . He therefore now wished , that it should be understood , that his objection to the vote , would not be on account of the absence of the chancellor of the exchequer from that house , nor that the office vested for a time in the hands of the lord chief justice , but his objection was , that he thought before supplies were granted , there should be some person appointed , who should be subject to all the responsibility of the management of them , and who should be liable to be called to that account for their application , which the house had a constitutional right to expect and demand . thought , that the answer he had given was sufficient to meet 34 the objection of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Grey ) . What he had said was this , that the supplies , although fol warded in the early stage at which they would be presented on Monday , would not have made such progress as to be put in any tangible shape , by the house merely agreeing to the preliminary steps for raising them . In the progress of passing them , there would be time enough to see into whose hands they were to pass , and to oiler any reasons that might then occur against the granting of them ; but , to oppose them in the first instance , in limine , would be a course altogether unusual , and which would , in the present instance , be highly prejudicial to the public service . The office of chancellor of the exchequer was , for the present , to be vested in the lord chief justice , who , with the office , took