house , before he voted on this question . This , perhaps , might , when they were very voluminous , be , in some instances , incompatible with other duties ; but he believed that in cases where the necessity was not great , it was possible that such charges might be brought forward rather with a view to the popularity which they might acquire , than from any hopes of ultimate success . He had approved highly of his hon . friend 's speech , and the more so as he had disclaimed any idea of a charge of impeachment . He did not say that impeachment ought in all cases to be abandoned ; but he really was of opinion , that if it were often to be resorted to , it would , from its difficulties , be soon given up in despair , and impunity might thus be procured for almost all sorts of crimes and misdemeanours committed by a governor-general of India . As to desertion , he certainly could not be said to desert a person whom he had never encouraged ; but since the trial of Mr. Hastings , they might say , it they pleased , that he shrunk from all India impeachments , or flew from them , or any worse term might be used , if a worse could be found . To this he would make 803 no answer . But so far was he from deserving the insinuation which had been thrown out against him , of having altered his opinion with his situation , that the only reason why he was present at this debate at all , was , the very circumstance of that change . He scarcely ever attended these discussions before , since Mr. Hastings 's impeachment . He had , indeed , attended at the delivery of the speech of his hon . friend , but that was merely a matter of courtesy to him . It was now his duty , however , to attend to all these discussions . It was , indeed , the duty of every member of parliament , but in a peculiar manner that of a person in his situation , and if he did not do it , his conduct might be liable to the worst construction . He did attend , therefore , and delivered his opinion with more freedom than he would otherwise have done , for then he would probably have said nothing.—The hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) had given notice of a charge which he intended to bring forward on Tuesday . He would , in the interval , acquaint himself with the subject , as far as lay in his power , and give his opinion of what was the most proper mode of proceeding . The hon . gent . had read a great deal from the debates that took place relative to the trial of Mr. Hastings , and was in his opinion very properly called to order by his noble friend ( Temple ) . He had looked very little into these debates , but what he had seen of them was exceedingly inaccurate , and often the very reverse of what had been said . The mode of proceeding , by bringing charge after charge , had been , upon the whole , the mode which Mr. Burke , himself , and others , thought best on the impeachment of Mr. Hastings . If that mode was the best , in the present instance it might be adopted . But , while he spoke of the most proper mode , it must not be therefore understood that he agreed in the propriety of impeachment at ail . As to his opinions , he did not see why he was to be so much distrusted because he did not on every occasion volunteer his notions . It was very difficult to proceed properly in a criminal case before the house , as no honest man would wish in such an affair to use any other influence except what might be derived from his argument