, and the death of the marquis Cornwallis , may make it difficult to induce a belief that the change is sincere , or likely to be permanent ; painful experience has wrought the conviction here , which reason and argument failed to produce ; —that if India is deemed worth preserving , the system and principles of that great man whom the whole Indian world is now lamenting , must be followed up ; and faithfully to adhere to his policy , was the only true wisdom for governing India ; and its wisdom consisted in its simplicity , in its justice , moderation , and forbearance , alike to the strong and to the weak , alike in success and under adverse fortune . Had the marquis Cornwallis remained in India , instead of coming home , after his first administration , the most sanguine expectations of advantages from India would have been realized , and that for which we have contended at such dreadful hazard and expence , would have been forced upon us by the affections of the people . The British government would have been voluntarily looked up to as the universal 387 umpire throughout India , the dispenser of peace and happiness through regions larger than the whole extent of Europe.—I am anxious then , sir , for a resolution that should pledge this house in favour of the system and principles of the late marquis Cornwallis , and bind all our future governments in India to emulate his example . And if an hon . gent . below me ( Mr. Francis ) would permit me , I would call upon him to bring forward such a resolution , or to renew a proposal which he brought forward last session , and which was then unhappily rejected.—I say unhappily rejected , because I am persuaded that that resolution , had it been carried , would have proved of great importance , by strengthening the hands of lord Cornwallis , and enabling him to spew the Indian states , that the principles on which he professed to act , were not his only , but those of parliament and the country at large . Sir , it was a resolution directly in the spirit of that great man , on the re-appointment of lord Cornwallis to the government general , to which his majesty 's ministers had just given their sanction . And I therefore witnessed , with equal surprise and concern , the exertion of that transcendant eloquence which prevailed on the house to reject it ; how often that eloquence was exerted for the welfare of the country , on one can be more sensible than I am ; but , in this instance , I shall ever think it was misapplied.—I rejoice in the belief that his majesty 's present ministers have not entangled themselves in the mazes of the late system , nor been deluded by the splendour and glare attached to it . I have heard with pleasure the sentiments delivered this evening , by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) . I recollect with pleasure the sentiments delivered last session , by a right hon . gent . now high in his majesty 's councils . I hope and trust that right hon . gent . and his colleagues will now act up to them , and if they do , much may yet be retrieved . In the present moment , which I believe to be not less awful in respect to India than Europe , nothing—no individual measure , could produce of the discarded principles to which I have alluded . And the hon . gent . who brought forward the resolution last session , might now offer it under happier auspices . I owe it to myself , as well as to than hon . gent. , to declare that I concur in almost all I have heard that right hon . gent . deliver in this house on the affairs of India ; his view of 388 the whole subject is that , which , without any conversation with him