this day . As to the application of this boasted abundance of means and assets to the relief of the company 's difficulties in England , I will not anticipate what the court of directors will soon be compelled to tell you on that subject . But perhaps his lordship means that the prosperity and abundance , he alludes to , are to be understood comparatively . Comparatively ! with what ? Why with the state of the company 's affairs in the three succeeding years , of Which no account has yet been laid before parliament , and of which this house literally knows nothing , except the happy information which they have just now received from himself . In April 1803 , the company were nearly overwhelmed with debts and difficulties of every kind ; but that , he assures you , was a state of affluence , prosperity , and abundance , compared to the present state of facts , as you are to find it in the accounts of the next three years , whenever they are produced ! Then indeed , but not till then , the noble lord may call in the Marhatta war to his assistance . We shall see how far it will avail him . In the mean time , he supplies us with topics of consolation ; with which if we are not thoroughly comforted , it must be very much our own fault . Your situation was bad enough three years ago ; but that was a state of delight and enjoyment compared to what , he solemnly assures you , you will find to be at present ! That is , you were troubled with a plethora in 1803 . By copious bleeding and a free use of drastic medicines , those symptoms are removed . Your complaint has taken a different turn . All you want now is a 208 powerful restorative , at the expence of those Whom it concerns , to save your life.—I have said , sir , and I affirm it again , because it is true , that I have been , through all my political life , the sincere friend , as I was , for some years , the faithful servant of the India company ; that is , the proprietary or body corporate , though not always in their sense of their real interest ; which , in my opinion , they have sometimes misunderstood . Of this disposition and conduct I shall give one instance , which , as far as concerns my Sincerity , ought not to be disputed , because I could not but know that the opinion I allude to was not at all likely to be favourably received , and because I might easily have withheld it . I endeavoured to serve them then , as I have done in other cases , and in another situation , against their will . So long ago as the year 1777 , I represented to his majesty 's ministers , and through them to the India company , in a letter which has been published , the evil consequences , which , as I thought , must follow , not only to India but to the company itself , from their continuing to hold the sovereignty of Bengal ostensibly in their hands . It happened , sir , that , in the whole of that representation , I had not only the entire concurrence but the able assistance of the present chairman of the court of directors . In those days we lived together on terms of real friendship and unreserved confidence , which , at that time , he thought no disparagement to him . When the charter was renewed in 1793 , as well as on various other occasions , I renewed my arguments and objections on this point . All the documents , that relate to it , are in print . The arguments were never answered ; nor , in my judgment , is it possible to answer them . In 1793 , and for many years before , their sovereignty ,