to revert to what passed upon a former occasion , but the words made use of by the right hon . secretary of state ( Mr. Fox ) can not pass without observation ; I can tell the right hon . secretary , that his words have only excited , in my breast , sentiments of sorrow upon his account ; and having no wish to irritate , where it would be policy to conciliate , I beg leave to tell him that his threat of `` peril '' was as injudicious as it was unexpected . But , sir , were I to throw down the brief of the people of England , the house must proceed on the charge , and the proof I have brought before them ; and it will be from no fear of the threat of the foreign secretary , if I give him and the house the repose be so much desires and implores.—It has been stated by some gentlemen , but by none so particularly and so pointedly , as by the right hon . the rescinder of the former vote of this house ( Mr. Sheridan ) for printing of the charge against lord Wellesley , that I had adopted a proceeding novel , unprecedented , extraordinary , and , I believe , he said , improper . Now , sir , I appeal to you and to the house , and request attention to the mode of proceeding . It was , I maintain , neither novel , or unprecedented ; extraordinary or improper . It was constitutional , it was fair , it was consistent with former usages ; it was the only course of proceeding that I was warranted in adopting , under the circumstances of the case ; and had gentlemen been as ready to set me right as to take advantage of a trifling error of mine , ( not being perfectly acquainted with the tactics of this house , ) I should have been saved much trouble , and the house would have been spared the scene it witnessed last Tuesday . Rut I have escaped unurt ; and perhaps others may hereafter ( the accused nobleman I am certain will ) have occasion to 936 lament the proceedings upon that occasion . —The shout of the noble lord under me ( lord Temple ) on that evening , in cordial cry with the right hon . the member of the board of controul ( Mr. Hiley Addington ) , in consequence of a pause that will be long remembered , will , if I mistake not the character of the English nation , be turned , thouhg they may not confess it , to the grief and bitterest sorrow of both ; at least , they will be taught not to shout , until the enemy have fled , until the battle is decided.— As to precedents , they are completely and decidedly in my favour : in the case of lord Denby , lord Coningsby , lord Arlington , the charges were laid upon the table , at the first proceeding in each of those cases , and papers moved for afterwards to support the facts . What , I ask , was there different in my mode of proceeding ? But exclusive of precedents , I maintain that public rumour alone , is sufficient to entitle a member of this house to bring forward a charge of impeachment . Such is decidedly the opinion of Mr. Hatsell , and every other constitutional writer upon the subject . But I do not ask the house to take assertion as proof . I shall read Mr. Hatsell 's opinion upon this subject , which is in the 104th page , — ( here Mr. Paull read the extract from Hatsell , which was decidedly in support of his assertion ) . But , said he , the case of sir Elijah Impey is infinitely stronger , and precisely in point . After a speech of some length , the present lord Minto , without any previous proof , laid his charge upon the table