me the case of lord Eldon in addition . But it was stated that these noble lords held for a very short time only the offices of lord chief justice and members of the committee of council . But the shortness of the time was of little account . If the noble lords thought the retention of such offices was contrary to constitutional principle , they would not surely sanction by their own acts the violation of such a principle.—There was , however another case , that of lord Mansfield : that noble lord connected in his own person , from 1757 , to 63 , the two situations , the junction of which is now so much complained of . I do not mean to discuss the character of lord Mansfield , who , like many great men , had very good and very had qualities . but certainly the 316 odium attached to it , did not proceed from his merely combining a seat in the Cabinet with the chief justiceship of the King 's Bench . This combination , however , is said to have been much condemned by lord Shelburne , and to prove this , a speech of that noble lord has been quoted . I have looked at the quotation , and the words are , as reported , absolute nonsense , and therefore , I am persuaded , never were uttered by lord Shelburne . They import that no political man should have any thing to do with advising that which it belongs to his department to execute . Why , if this were a fair ground of censure , it would apply to myself and my colleagues beside me , who are every day advising , what we are ourselves to execute . To ascribe such an observation to lord Shelburne , is quite ridiculous . It must have been a misprint or some misconception , to which lord Shelburne who , like myself , spoke very quick , was extremely liable.—But , to return to lord Mansfield ; it really surprised me to hear it remarked upon , as a new arid surprising article of intelligence , that that noble lord was so many years in the Cabinet , and that some gentlemen heard it this night for the first time . What , that lord Mansfield could have been so many years in the Cabinet with such different administrations , with lord Chatham , the duke of Newcastle , and Mr. Grenville , and all the time have kept snug in the corner and be unknown—preposterous supposition ! these distinguished men not only knew that lord Mansfield was in the Cabinet , but they approved it . If they did not , it was not to be imagined that they would have allowed it . The gentlemen on time other side will hardly think that if I conceived the thing of which they complain to be a violation of constitutional principle I would be a party to it . Let them then give the same fair play to lord Chatham , the duke of Newcastle , and Mr. Grenville . With them also I recollect that other distinguished persons were connected in the same Cabinet ; among others my father , and the father of the hon . gent . on the other side ( Mr. Ryder ) ; but they had not the same lights which the hon . mover would throw out to the present ministers . Had the hon . gent . been 20 years older he would , no doubt , have gone to lord Chatham , & c. and told them— '' You are a parcel of old fools not to know , that in admitting lord Mansfield to the Cabinet , you are violating a constitutional principle and endangering the pure 317 administration of justice , & c. '' ( a laugh . ) Whether these persons would have attended to the hon . gent . 's councils , or not , I rather think that he is not unhappy , he was unable to offer them , for I presume he has as