with its rank among the nations of the world . '' seconded the motion , in a short speech , in which he observed , that the events which had taken place on the continent , had been rapid and unexpected ; and that France had acquired by war , in a short space of time , those accessions to her power and territory , which she had before been gaining under the mask of peace . Still , however , we had to console ourselves with the pleasing reflection , that our own national character remained un- 17 sullied , and our resources unimpaired . Although our commerce might suffer some little injury by the occupation of such a large part of Europe by hostile armies , yet experience had frequently shewn , how difficult it was , with every exertion and every restriction that tyranny could avail itself of , to prevent the introduction into foreign states of those productions of British growth and manufacture which were so much needed by them . The armies of the foe were now rapidly marching to avenge , what they termed the perfidy of this country , but he trusted the house would assure his majesty , that an independent and gallant nation like great Britain , could not be intimidated by any menaces that might be thrown out against it . With regard to the victory off cape Trafalgar , and the regret for the hero who had achieved it , it was impossible that two opinions could exist in the house , or in the country . The exigencies of the times certainly required great efforts , and great sacrifices . His majesty , with that paternal solicitude for his people , which had ever distinguished his conduct , had set a noble example , which well deserved the most grateful acknowledgments of the country . Our freedom , our enjoyments , and , above all , the power which we possessed of repressing the ambitious views of the emperor of the French , were , with him , most heinous political sins . He had no doubt , however , that if Providence continued that fostering attention to this nation , with which it had so long been favoured , that we should yet be enabled to bring the arduous contest in which we were engaged , to a safe and honourable termination . rose and addressed the house as follows : —To that part of the proposed address which relates to the glorious victory off cape . Trafalgar , and the respect to be paid to the memory of the hero whose loss the country has too deplore on the occasion of that memorable day , I am sure there is none in this house can have any objection , When alive , he united all men around him in the cause of his country ; and now he is no more , all men are and ought to be animated with but one sentiment and one feelings , to honour and perpetuate his memory . But to the other parts of the address , I can not so freely give my assent ; and it was , therefore , my intention to have submitted an amendment thereto , which I conceived 18 more consistent with the alarming state to which the country has been brought , and more consistent with my own feelings on the subject . But reports have reached my ears , and must have reached the ears of other members of this house , which would render the discussion to which the proposal of such an amendment must have led , so painful to my feelings , so painful to the feelings of the house , and to the feelings of the individuals whose conduct must be more peculiarly implicated in the investigation , that I have thought it better , for the present , to wave any amendment . That it may be known , however , what are ; the feelings in which I arraign the conduct of ministers , which I am convinced are also the feelings of a great