? Look at the common judicial proceedings of the country , with which every person must be more or less acquainted ; would it be endured that the general opinion should be stated as a ground of crimination against a person on trial ? Nay , would not the publication of any thing like this against his character be a reason for putting off the trial , instead of being admitted as evidence before a jury ? Now to apply this to the present case ; whose opinions were they calling for ? those of the court of directors . But they , by law , could only communicate their opinions to the board of controul ; though , certainly , he did not mean to say that this was a good law . This , however , was at present the only way in which they could give their opinion ; and when they were obliged to sign a thing which they strongly disapproved , their only remedy was , that which was open to all in such a situation , namely , an application to parliament . But , besides , what were these directors ? They were the persons supposed to be most conversant with the affairs of India ; and , both on account of their knowledge of the subject , and their respectability as a body , justly considered as a high authority . But the higher their authority , so much the worse would it be to produce these papers when a man was under accusation . This was so clear , on every well founded principle of jurisprudence , that he was amazed that it could escape the attention of any person . Now , in this case , there were some particular circumstances . The first was , the anomalous situation of the directors . They were bound to execute the commands of others . In every other department , when any thing was proposed to a person which appeared to him of the most mischievous tendency , he might refuse to sign it ; but they were by law bound to sign , whether they approved or not , and 817 their condition was more anomalous than that of any class of men in Europe , even under the most despotic government . The only remedy they had , when they found that the board of controul insisted upon measures , which to them appeared of the most dangerous tendency , was to come and state their case to the house . Last session , a motion was made for a letter of the secret committee , which could properly be considered only as a letter of the board of controul . It was fairly moved for , because an individual , when his conduct was called in question might justly enough call for such documents as shewed the subsequent approbation of his superiors , —he said of his superiors , because though you ( the directors ) remonstrated with the board of controul , you did not , it seems , think the matter of sufficient importance to come to the house and state your case , which , if you were aggrieved , was a plain and obvious course for you to pursue . Another point was , that the directors probably wished to defend themselves . This was not the stage for that . When the affair of the marquis Wellesley was decided upon , and when the papers now called for could have no influence on his case , then they might fairly be moved for . But it would be an intolerable hardship to an accused person , if you could say that you did not call for such papers to injure him , but to defend your own characters . The answer would be , that he had a great regard for your characters , but , in defending them , you were not entitled to injure him . There was another point to be considered , If the actions of lord Wellesley were such as they were represented to be , then the paper