414 this guilty and , infatuated prince , as he is represented , whose alliance lord Wellesley had courted , and whose character and example on other powers a few fleeting months before he rated and stated so highly , instead of manifesting to the minds of irritated India , that mercy , forbearance , magnanimity and justice , were the characteristics of a Christian governor , lord Wellesley determined on extermination and vengeance , and lord Lake was ordered to advance for the easy annihilation , as it was supposed , of his seemingly unequal opponent ! No terms short of unconditional surrender being proposed , this prince determined to repel the assailants or to bury himself and his family and friends in one common ruin.—The account of the different assaults made by lord Lake and the different overtures made by the Rajah it is unnecessary to state , but the particulars of the sanguinary assault on the 22d of February after the British army had been 61 days before Bhurtpore , I shall read to the house . ( here the hon . gent . read lord Lake 's accounts of the 4 assaults ) —On the 108th day after the commencement of the siege on the 9th of April 1805 , six weeks after the last assault , lord Lake after a loss of 4000 of our best troops , and 116 of our best and most gallant officers , concluded a shameful and disgraceful peace , with , as he is represented , this abandoned , faithless and profligate prince , under the walls of that fort , where had withered the laurels of our brave troops , and when the reputation of our gallant army was completely and unnecessarily sacrificed . For having thus tarnished the . British name and character , for the waste of blood and reputation occasioned by this sanguinary war of vengeance , I accuse lord Wellesley , and to lay the grounds for a charge of high crimes and misdemeanours , I shall conclude , sir , with moving , `` 1 . That there be laid before this house , a Copy of a Treaty concluded by general Lake ( now lord Lake ) commander in chief of the forces , and afterwards ratified by marquis Wellesley , late governor general of India , and a prince of Hindostan , called the Rajah of Bhurtpore , dated the 29th Sept. 1803 . 2 . Copies of all applications from the Bengal govt. , or those acting under its authority , demanding , explanation and satisfaction previous to the commencement of hostilities , and the answers to such applications . 3 . A Copy of the declaration of war against that prince , 4 . A Copy all letters from lord Lake , 415 or those acting under his authority , to lord Wellesley , or the Bengal govt . ; and from lord Wellesley , or the govt. , to the British Commander in chief , relating to the Rajah of Bhurtpore , previous to the signing of the treaty of 1803 , and from that period to the commencement of the war against that chieftain . 5 . Copies of any terms or conditions offered by the British govt . to prevent the war ; and as indemnification for any imputed injury sustained by the British interests in India from the Bhurtpore Rajah . 6 . Copies of all overtures made from time to time by the Bhurtpore Rajah to the British commander in chief , for terminating the war , and the answers to such overtures . 7 . Copies of the returns of the killed , wounded , and missing , in the various assaults made to storm the fortress of Bhurtpore , together with the casualties of the army during the siege ; and the communications made publicly and privately by lord Lake on these occasions to the Bengal govt . 8 . Copy of the treaty of peace between the Bengal govt . and the prince of Bhurtpore , with the communications made on that event to the court of directors , or select