hostile to the practice , or to the establishment of any such rule . Particularly in such a case as the present ; Where no possible objection could be made to the motion , he by no means conceived himself bound to give notice of it . If , however , the house should determine to establish such a rule , he trusted that its operation would not be partial , but that it would be rigidly adhered to in every instance . trusted that the house would do him the justice to believe , that he was influenced by no motive in the remark that he had made , but the wish to uphold their received practice . Since he had enjoyed the honour of sitting in that chair , it had certainly been the received practice , not to entertain any motion of a public nature , without a previous notice , except , indeed , the annual accounts , & c. which were mere matters of course . The reason of this usage was evidently to prevent the house from being under the disagreeable necessity of rescinding on one day what they had agreed to in the day preceding , in the absence perhaps of those members who were competent judge of the propriety of the 230 question . If however , the house thought proper that this practice should be abandoned , it was for them to express their pleasure . repeated his objections to the practice of giving notices . It would be better to get rid of any obnoxious motion , by calling for the previous question . as an old member of the house , felt himself entitled to express his opinion on this subject . During the two first parliaments in which he had held a seat , no such practice was resorted to , except on very particular occasions . The present motion was not one of those which appeared to him to require previous notice . It was not a political question ; it was a question , the propriety of which could not admit of debate , as it merely related to the public expenditure , information concerning which , the house , as guardians of the public purse , must ever be solicitous to obtain . spoke in favour of the prevailing practice , and thought no member could object to give notice , unless he had a disposition to take the house by surprise . There might be times , he observed , when , perhaps , there might be only one member of that house capable of judging of the propriety or impropriety of producing papers . That member might be absent on one particular day ; but if a notice were given , he would , of course , feel it is duty to attend to it . thought , that , in the present instance , there was one good and sufficient ground for requiring a notice , as there happened to be no more than one India director then present in his place . said , he considered the practice of giving notice on ordinary occasions , as an abuse which was so long suffered to prevail , that it was not at present easy to get rid of it immediately . In the present instance , however , he saw no occasion whatever for a notice , as he did not understand that there would be any objection to the motion . If any member of the court of directors stated any reason why he might wish for delay , he made no doubt but the noble lord would willingly consent to it . The practice now attempted to be enforced , he could only consider as a general instance of relaxation of duty , and was not to be found in the original constitution of parliament . In a constitutional view , every member was supposed to be bound to attend upon all 231 questions relating to the supplies , the ways and means , and every expenditure of the public money . Whatever modes might latterly have prevailed , he