to be . But we must say , after the passing of this act , and the long time that bad elapsed , during which nothing had been done upon it , that the fair conclusion was , either that the surplus had been misapplied , or that the country had been most grossly deluded , and that , instead of being in a flourishing condition as had been pretended , the affairs of the company had in fact been in a most alarming situation , a situation which ought to have been explained and laid open to the public , instead of being carefully concealed from the public view . In his opinion , the unprosperous condition of the company 's concerns had never been sufficiently accounted for . He did not say that he had not heard a great deal on the subject , but what he had heard in general , proceeded on false facts , and false principles . We ought to have the accounts of the company before us , with a view to a full and complete examination , not for the purpose of retrospective enquiry into the conduct of the managers of the affairs of India , with the intention of throwing blame upon any body , but for the purpose of warning us , the present administration , against the errors which others had committed . In one thing the present administration would certainly not follow the example of others , and that was in holding out false and delusive hopes to the country . The hon . gent . ( Mr. Grant ) had said , and justly too , that it would be mischievous to spread alarm among our friends and inspire confidence into our enemies , when no necessity for it existed . But without pretending to underrate the value of the observation , he must say , that this had been a common-place argument on one side of the question . It might be improper to excite alarm when there was no necessity for it , but it was much worse to conceal danger when it actually existed , and thus lead people on blindfold to their destruction . It was worse in any department of government , but more particularly so in the case of the East-India company . But he would put it to him , whether of late the error had not been committed , much oftener in the way of delusion , than in 217 the way of alarm , at least as far as regarded this subject ? Now , experience would teach the wise to avoid those faults into which they had found others most apt to fall . Certain it was , that much less was to be apprehended from too much jealousy than from too much negligence . No objection had been made to the motion of his hon . friend near him ( Mr. Francis ) . He had only been requested to postpone it upon a point of convenience ; to which he had properly agreed . Before he sat down , he could not avoid paying that tribute of praise to the industry , perseverance , and clear-sighted policy of his hon . friend , on questions relative to India , which they so much deserved . In his Opinion , there was no one subject in his majesty 's dominions , whose merit , with regard to the affairs of India , could be put in competition with that of his hon . friend . observed , that there appeared to be no objection to the principle of these motions . It would be in the recollection of the house , that the half million which the company had engaged to pay to the public had only been paid in one instance . This was a matter of complete notoriety . He should be sorry to withhold any information ; but he submitted to the hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) whether it was necessary for him to press his motions , as they related only to points which were universally known . assured