bill for the purposes aforesaid . '' Ordered to be referred to a committee , —Mr . Wilberforce brought in a 164 bill for enabling the justices in the West Riding of Yorkshire to erect court houses , & c. ; which was read a first time.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee on the malt duty bill ; the amendments were agreed to , and the bill was ordered to be read a third time to-morrow.—On the motion of sir C. Bunbury , a new writ was ordered to be issued fur Suffolk , in the room of lord viscount Brome , now marquis Cornwallis.— , Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee on the pension duty bill , which was agreed to , and the bill ordered to be read a third time to-morrow.—On the motion of Mr. Fellowes , the order made last session for a return of the resident and non-resident clergy was read , and the return was ordered to be made forthwith.—On the motion of Mr. Fox , new writs were ordered for the borough of St. Mawes , in the room of the right hon . W. Windham , who , since his election , had accepted the office of one of his majesty 's principal secretaries of state ; for the county of , Northumberland , in the room of the right hon . C. , Grey , who , since his election , had accepted the office of first commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of Great Britain ; for Calne , in the room of lord Henry Petty , who , since his election , had accepted the offices of chancellor and under-treasurer of his majesty 's exchequer , —Mr . Huskisson brought in the three bills , for which he yesterday obtained leave , granting annuities to lady Nelson , lord Colling-wood , and sir It . Strachan . They were read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time to-morrow , —Mr . Fox gave notice , that to-morrow he would move to postpone to a future day the consideration of the petition , complaining of an undue election for the county of Middlesex . The house resolved itself into a committee upon the bill respecting the auditorship of the exchequer , Mr. Fox in the chair . said , that in consequence of the suggestions of a right hon . gent . ( the Attorney-General ) on a former evening , he had to propose a clause , which he trusted would be perfectly satisfactory , and would serve to remove every objection that had been made to this bill . The nature of this clause , the hon . gent . described to be , that the auditor of the . exchequer , upon accepting the office of one of the commissioners of the treasury , should appoint a trustee to hold the office of auditor , which 155 trustee should be responsible to the auditor for the salary , and to the public for the due execution of the office.—Upon the clause being read , declared that this clause entirely removed the objections which he had yesterday stated , as arising in his mind against the bill.—This clause , with another , enacting , that any person accepting the situation of trustee , should not vacate his seat in the house , was then agreed to ; the house was resumed , and Mr. Fox having brought up the report , it was received and agreed to , and the bill having been read a third time , was passed , under the title of a bill , empowering the auditor of his majesty 's court of exchequer to constitute a trustee in the case therein mentioned ; and Mr. Fox was ordered to carry it to the lords , which he did , accompanied by a number of the members . The bill for enabling the auditor of the exchequer to appoint a trustee to execute the duties of the office in the case therein mentioned , was read a second