astonishment to him , as it would be to all the world . The proposed arrangement would have no other effect than that of placing the allowances on the footing on which they had been at first , and on which-it was acknowledged to be desirable that they should be . The tendency of his preposition was rather to add to than to wish the numbers of the volunteers , There was nothing dote to disband , and those who would find it eligible to go into the volunteers to avoid the training en masse , must pro tanto be an increase . To leave the allowances as they were , without any increase , must have the effect of doing what he did . The bill only went to put into the mass those that would not serve at their own expence , and to take out of the mass those who wished to serve at their own expence . As to the general argument on the measure , he would reserve himself till a future occasion , as the learned gent . ought to have done , if he had contented himself with moving for papers , to 851 the production of which he must have known , there was not the smallest objection . When the learned gent . made a speech of such length , in such language , and with such matter , it was fair to impute to him objects different from his mere motion . He had not the smallest objection to the production of the papers . congratulated the house on the difference of the right lion . gent . 's sentiments this night from what he thought on the night on which he brought forward his measure . Every one must remark the vast difference of tone , language , and manner . In the short sketch of the former night the right hon . gent . took away from the volunteers their drill-serjeants and their inspecting field officers , thinking it sufficient that they should be seen some time in the year by the lord lieutenant or his deputy . That must indeed relax their discipline . The difference of tone that was observable this day , must be imputed to the sense the country had manifested on the contents of the speech made by the right hon . gent . on a former day . Resolutions had been entered into by many corps , which had been submitted to his majesty 's ministers . He had seen many such resolutions , and had recommended to wait patiently till Mr. Windham 's system should be fully explained . The right hon . gent . and the house would pardon the irregularity of mentioning the name ; but the system was known , as Mr. Windham 's , in contradistinction to all others that had ever existed . The object of the motion was to simplify and elucidate the statement of the right hon . gent . The right hon . gent . had stated that 5 million had been expended in three years for volunteer service ; and the question was , a Nether there was in that service merit adequate to the cost ? The merit of the service was unquestionable : and was service of such unquestionable merit to be recompensed only by the refusal of rank , as if they were unworthy of it , by telling them , that the colour of the army was degraded by their wearing it ? This was a mode of increasing the strength and security of the country , which could not easily be paralleled.—The question was then put , and the paper ordered . rose , in pursuance of the notice which he had previously given to bring forward his First Charge against marquis Wellesley . The hon . gent . said that it was nut now , nor had it ever been , his intention to 852 trespass , . at any unnecessary length , on the time of the house , much less at an advanced hour of the evening , when its attention must have been