, my mind has long taken ; and whether he be a friend to the company or not , of this I am sure , that the most determined friend of the company could not have offered opinions and advice more friendly to their interests than those which I have heard that right hon . gent . deliver in this house . It is in reliance on that friendly disposition towards the East-India company , that I have presumed to urge him to renew his proposition , and my apology must be the perception which I have , in common with him , of the calamities which have followed our departure from the wise principles which it was the object of the proposition to enforce . And I hope the house will accept the same apology for my trepassing so long on their patience . Few other subjects could overcome my reluctance to such an intrusion . denied that the failure of the treaty with the rajah of Bhurtpore was owing entirely to the treachery of that prince ; and read an extract from a letter of lord Wellesley , written in the month of Oct. 1803 , which shewed diet his lordship had a high opinion of him . He took notice of the appointment of sir George Barlow , as a proof of the acknowledged necessity of changing the Indian system . requested the indulgence of the house , merely to state , in allusion to what had fallen from the hon . director ( Mr. Grant ) , that this majesty 's ministers did not , in the appointment of sir G. Barlow , mean to pledge themselves to the pursuit of any particular system of government in India . The fact was , that the appointment of the hon . bart . referred to , for whom he entertained a high respect , was made even before the present administration was fully formed , in order to prevent the inconvenience of any interregnum in India . declared , that he would not have said a word about the transaction of Bhurtpore , were it not for an extract having been read from a commendatory letter , written by lord Wellesley at the time that he entertained a favourable opinion of the rajah ; but , in a very short time after , he detected a correspondence of his with Holkar , for the purpose of forming a project to drive the English out of India . He piedged himself to prove , when the discussion came on , direct treachery on the part of that prince ; and that the ruin of Holkar was only prevented by his lending him the cannon of the fort of Bhurtpore , at the time 389 that he was himself in alliance with the company . He begged of the house to suspend , till the discussion came on , their opinion of the conduct of the noble marquis , which was approved of by the secret committee of the court of directors , whose orders he was bound to obey . Sir ; Before I begin what I intended to say on the present motion , or rather on some collateral subjects connected with it , I beg leave to take notice of a passage in the latter part of the speech of the hon . director Op the other side ( Mr. Grant ) . He said that the name and character of sir George Barlow ought not to be called in question , because he was not here to defend himself ; much less was it just or decent to canvass the merits of any man by anonymous publications in the newspapers . That he was a person of long standing and great merit in the company 's service ; that , on this ground , he had been confirmed in the office of governor-general by an unanimous resolution of the court of directors , confirmed and ratified by a most deliberate and most solemn act of his majesty 's present government , which he had no reason to think was not the act of the whole