lord Nelson been defeated , either at the battle of the Nile , or Trafalgar , although the highest exertion of courage and talents had been proved , the same rewards would not have been given . Lord Nelson displayed as much courage and enterprize at the unsuccessful attack of Teneriffe as in those glorious victories ; but if he had lost his life at Teneriffe , it can hardly be supposed , that he would have been honoured with such a funeral as was given to him when he fell in the arms of victory . Now , as to the success of Mr. Pitt , it must be allowed that the change in the state of this country and of Europe , during his time , has been most fatal , and that the last periods of his life have been the most disastrous . Can we , in the face of these facts , in the midst of the very ruin , which his last measures have brought on ; whether by his fault or not , I do not enquire ; decree the highest honours , that a grateful nation can render in return for the most distinguished services ? The character of these measures , and still more the general merits of his political life , can they be now discussed ? and should we not be complained of , were we now to attempt it , not only as opening a subject more proper for history than for a debate , but as cruelly raking up the ashes of the dead , now newly consigned to the tomb ? The honours which are now proposed , are such as the whole history of our country does not afford a parallel instance of , except in the 54 case of his illustrious father . The services , however , that the great lord Chatham had rendered to the country , and the success of his measures , were such as were never denied by any body ; and therefore , the resolution which might be strictly applicable to the father , and which in that case was carried unanimously , stands in fatal contrast to the administration of his son ; which , in all its later periods , was eminently unsuccessful , and which very many considered as meriting disapprobation . For these reasons , I think we should exercise the great and solemn privilege we possess with the most mature deliberation , and that we should not , contrary to the usual practice of this and every other country , give the highest honours of the state to mark the memory of a minister , who , though possessing talents as great as ever appeared in any age of the world , a character and frame of mind fitted for every thing most arduous , and feeling , as must have been the case , a strong desire that the country should prosper in his hands , was unsuccessful in the result , and will not , I fear , be recorded to posterity , as having , advanced the real interests and the character of the country . said , the speech of the right hon . gent . who just sat down , had made on his mind so deep an impression , that he could not refrain from expressing his utter astonishment . The right hon . gent . had made such allusions to the political life and conduct of the illustrious statesman , now no more , as could not fail of calling to the recollection of the house , the political conduct of that right hon . gent . himself , when , at the most critical period ever experienced in the history of this country , he had separated himself from his oldest and most intimate political connections in that house , taken a seat in the same cabinet , and fought the same battles , for a series of years , with that illustrious statesman , by whom the constitution of this country was preserved , whom he this night had risen in his place to