of bounty , properly speaking , was unknown . A guinea to provide the recruits with necessaries , and a crown to drink the king 's health , was all that was given upon enlistment . The service itself was the bounty . Whatever is added , shews decisively , that the service does not stand upon its true footing ; and the amount of the bounty , bating the change in the value of money , would be the measure of the deviation , if it was not that by our injudicious methods and the competition that has been thus excited , we have raised these bounties beyond their natural amount . All that is given by government to induce any man to enter the service , is a confession that the pay and condition of a soldier is not what it used to be , a real equivalent , in the estimation of the man entering , for the value of his service . We are paying a man to accept what we offer : we are buying the buyer.—Never , therefore , can the system of supplying the Army be considered as resting upon its proper basis , till the necessity of bounty shall have ceased ; and till the trade and calling of a soldier shall be brought to the state of other trades and callings , for entering into which no man receives a premium , but where , on the contrary , a premium is often paid for permission to enter . Such a change can not be brought about at once . When things have long gone on in an improper channel , time must be required to turn them . But this must be the end aimed at , and I know not what there is to prevent its being ultimately attained.—Two things are necessary : the first and most important is , that the condition of service should be such , as that a sufficient portion of your population , 663 knowing what it is , should consider it as an eligible calling ; —that there should exist , at all times , dispersed in the community , a sufficient number of individuals , if they can but be found out , to whom the life and condition of a soldier , such as it may be Made , with all its advantages and all its disadvantages , should , instead of a hardship , be considered as preferable to the conditions and callings in which they must otherwise have to seek a livelihood . Without this , the supply of the Army by voluntary enlistment is impossible : it must be by force or fraud ; or , what is much the same thing , by bribing men to do , through the influence of some sudden temptation , or momentary passion , what they will be ready to destroy themselves for having done the moment after . But supposing the state of the service to be such as is here described , something yet remains to be done , namely , to make the fact generally known and understood among those with whom it is to operate . It is not sufficient that your wares are good , that they are worth the price you ask , you must have them properly advertised ; you must expose them in proper situations ; must shew them advantageously in your shop-windows ; must carry them to the proper fairs and markets . If you put your shop in a back street , or if you do not have your advertisers , your clickers or barkers , or whatever they are called , there your goods may lay . If you have your recruiting officers in the Isle of Wight , you can not expect a young lad to walk from Cumberland or Yorkshire in order to offer his services to them . You must act upon the same plan they do at wakes or fairs ; you must place your goods in situations where they are most conspicuous.—The hon . gentlemen opposite me will , perhaps , say this is what