, was introduced with the accustomed formalities , sworn , and took his seat . His lordship 's supporters were the earl of Besborough ( as lord Ponsonby ) and lord Dundas.—The earl of Orford ( late baron Walpole ) was also introduced , sworn , and took his seat . His lordship 's supporters were earls Fitzwilliam and Spencer . stated to the house , that there appeared to him an error in the report of the committee respecting the ceremonial to be observed on the trial of lord Melville , which it was necessary to correct . It was there stated , that on giving judgment every peer should say , `` Guilty '' or `` Not Guilty , '' — '' upon my honour ; '' at the same time , laying his hand upon his breast . He conceived that this was erroneous , inasmuch as the decision on such an occasion must be the vote of the house collectively , and certainly , in case of a verdict of Guilty , it was not giving judgment , as the de- 905 fendant might move in arrest of judgment , the grounds of which motion would come to be considered by their lordships . The subsequent proceeding of judgment must result from the vote of the house , and be delivered by their speaker . He concluded by giving notice , that he should make a motion on Monday to rectify this error in the report . adverted to the motion which he made the preceding day , and Which he still contended ought to have been adopted , respecting the peers sitting in their places on the trial of lord Melville , and not departing there from during the trial of each day . His lordship referred to six precedents of trials before the house , in which a similar order had been made ; and contended that it ought to be made in this case , in order to ensure that strict decorum which was requisite on so solemn an occasion . Having moved the reading of the first standing order , requiring the peers to sit in their places in the house , as prescribed by act of parliament , he concluded by moving , that so much of the said order as was applicable , should be enforced on the trial of lord Melville . thought the strict enforcement of such an order would frequently be productive of great inconvenience . He had no doubt that their lordships would observe the greatest decorum upon the trial , whilst , at the same time , he conceived himself already under the standing order , with every necessary power to enforce the observance of decorum , whenever there was any deviation from it . He was likewise of opinion , that the present motion had been decided upon , in substance , the preceding day , and therefore ought not now to be entertained in another shape.—The Earl of Westmeath and Lord Auckland also opposed the motion , on the ground of the inconvenience such an order strictly enforced would produce . The latter noble lord said , there were 12 precedents of impeachment , in which such an order had not been made.—Earl Spencer thought it unnecessary , as it seemed to be agreed on all hands that the greatest possible decorum ought to be observed on the trial.—Several other peers briefly delivered their sentiments ; and after the earl of Radnor spoke in explanation , the house divided—For the previous question , 37 . Against it 10 . Majority 27 . [ AMERICAN INTERCOURSE BILL . ] Lord Sheffield rose to move for several addi- 906 tional papers , which he thought further necessary to the illustration of this important subject . He should therefore first move an humble address to his majesty , requesting instructions might be given that there be laid before the house , a copy of the report of the board of trade , delivered in Feb. 1784 , to the privy council . would not object to the production of the paper , but could not help