. He could not frame to himself any valid objection to the present motion . All that was asked was , merely the possession of those means of information on which the hon . gentleman had founded his plan . Let the authorities and opinions be as numerous as was consistent with convenience , but let not the house be called on to decide before they have the means of forming a judgment . If it should appear , that the opinions of military men were nearly equally balanced on the subject , he should consider this as a sufficient reason for rejecting this new plan , and remaining as we were . It was dangerous to alter what was already well , and particularly by the adoption of a new project , the consequences of which it was impossible to foresee . It was amusing , he said , to compare the professions of ministers with their practice . The right hon . gent . concluded , by saying , that a story had been related by one of his majesty 's ministers ( lord H. Petty ) , on producing the budget , of an old Roman moralist , who had wished to build his house in such a style of architecture , that every person might see into it . Like this man 's house , the transactions of the present ministers were to be ; but he was inclined to believe , that the architecture of the house was not Roman but Gothic , and that it was only remarkable for its huge windows excluding the light , and for its narrow passages that led to nothing . said , that every thing was of moment which branched out of this important subject , or he should have thought the present discussion scarce worthy of notice . It was with concern he differed with so many of his friends , but upon a point which had engaged his attention for the best years of his life , he could make a compliment of his understanding ( slender as it might be ) to no person whatsoever . It had been stated , that with a limited service , the army could not be supported : but he was of opinion , that , 788 without it they could not obtain an efficient force . The plan , as proposed , was treated as novel and hazardous ; but it was no such thing . In 1759 , he was employed to raise the 17th light dragoons , and as he saw no law against raising men for a limited time , he raised them for 3 years . In 1762 , their time was out , and he then enlisted the whole regiment , which was quartered at Coventry , with the exception of two men , for a bounty of two guineas each . He afterwards enlisted them a third time , when they went to America , and fought like lions . Upon the great principle of the thing , it was his misfortune to differ entirely from what had generally been laid down . Training men to arms , putting them in array , and leading them to battle , was the province of the military man . In all movements of the army , in all projects for annoyance or defence , it was to the generals of the army you ought to defer , but for the purpose of finding men to create that army , was by no means the province of the military officer , it was as he conceived of that resort , which called especially for the interference and assistance of those who were most acquainted with the statistical powers of the country , those who were best acquainted with the means from whence these sources could be derived , it was the province not of the soldier , but the statesman ; not of the counsel of war , but the counsel of state ; which was that house . It had been said , that to attempt at such an innovation ( to enlist men