of an intention expressed in another place to offer to parliament a measure that went to give the governors of the West-India islands a discretionary power to suspend the navigation laws of this country . They had already done this in certain cases , but they did so on their responsibility , and on that point alone the matter ought to rest . He now gave notice that he should bring forward his motion on this day fortnight . Lord Temple said , it was the intention of those members of the board to which he belonged , to propose that the governors of the Islands should be authorised , upon the necessity of the case , to grant those importations alluded to by the hon . gent . and spoke as follows : —Sir ; the measures which I am about to propose are little more than the application of those general principles , which I have frequently had occasion to urge to the house , when questions connected with the state of our Military Establishments have 653 made the subject of its deliberations . The knowledge that such ideas existed in the minds of many of my hon . colleagues , as well as of myself , naturally produced an opinion , that some change conformably to these ideas was likely to be the consequence of our appointment to office . And , so far , the expectation was reasonable and just . But , when it was further supposed , that this change was to be immediate , that our appointment to office , and the adoption of measures meant as a permanent foundation for our Military Establishments , was to be one and the same thing , such an expectation was neither warranted by any thing said by myself or by any of my hon . friends , either subsequently to our coming into office or previous to it , nor countenanced , in any degree , by the nature of the proceeding itself.—For , since what we proposed had more for its object to place the service on a right footing in future , than to devise expedients for meeting the present danger , the measures in view were precisely of that sort in which care was of more consequence than time ; in which it was more expedient that whatever was done should be done rightly , than that it should be done speedily.—it is surprising therefore , that the hon . gentlemen opposite do not see , that in calling so loudly for new measures , they are pronouncing a condemnation on those heretofore taken ; that in carrying so high their expectations of change , when no change was announced from this side of the house , they betray a conviction that things had been left in a state in which change was absolutely necessary . I have said , and say still , that the Military Establishments of the Country are on a false and vicious state , that they stand on a footing on which they can not stand long ; but I have never said , that they could not stand for an instant ; that something must be done , no matter what , or the fabric must fall to the ground . It is the hon . gentlemen who are talking this language . There is an expression known in the army , applicable to what happens sometimes under an unlucky field-officer , and is called `` clubbing the battalion , '' by which is meant , throwing the battalion into such complete confusion , so mixing the front with the rear , the flanks with the centre , the right with the left , the grand divisions with the sub-divisions , that it is impossible for the most skilful adjutant or major , by any series of words of command , to bring it again into order . The hon . gentlemen 654 seem to flatter themselves , and certainly not without reason , that under this head , as well as under many others , they have completely `` clubbed the battalion , '' and