the way ( Mr. Yorke ) , and that I tread on old foundations . The basis of the scheme which I am proposing is undoubtedly the same with that act which pretty nearly fits the present building ; I mean the Levy en Masse act . I partly blamed that act and partly approved of it . That act says , that the people shall be compellable to train as an intermediate duty , and compellable to serve in case of invasion . I so far approve of it now , and I approved of it then . I concurred in the commutation for voluntary service , though that afterward took a wrong shape . My plan will give a preference to voluntary training , but with a power of resorting to compulsion if necessary . It will also go to assert the king 's prerogative right to every man 's service in case of invasion . It will exclude the exceptionable part of that act , the training of all classes together . This objection was one of my reasons for preferring voluntary service to the Levy en Masse , though that voluntary service soon after took a false shape . The first part of the reduction I shall propose in the Volunteer expences , will be a change of the June allowances to the August allowances ; of a training of 85 days , to a training of 26 days . The total reduction that will be thus made , on the estimate of this year , 684 which is 1,479,000l . exclusive . of cloathing , which is 347,000l. , will be 807,000l . The allowance to the yeomanry will also be considerably reduced . The reduction of the officers ' pay , in the substitution of the August establishment , will be 210,000l . A reduction of the allowances and pay to drill serjeants , the present number of whom is far beyond what is necessary , will amount to 54,700l . Under the head of Permanent Duty , a reduction of no less than 300,000l . may be made . It is the unanimous opinion of persons conversant in military affairs , that the expence of the inspecting field-officers may be spared , and that their duty may be as well executed by the lords lieutenants , or the civil officers under them . This will yield a saving of 35,000l . To all which are to be added , the payments by the receivers general for marching guineas amounting to 198,000l . making a total reduction of 807,700l . These reductions which are of considerable importance , I propose without any hostility whatever to the Volunteers , but , to begin that retrenchment of expence , which would soon become enormous from the constitution and nature of the Volunteer system at present , and with a view to the necessary improvement of the military state of the country . The Volunteer bodies will still be preserved , at least with regard to all who serve without any idea of what is to be got . The continuance of the system will afford a more desirable mode for training to those who may be unwilling to be trained in the mass , and this opportunity will be to them a sufficient reward . With respect to Volunteers who may henceforth enter , government will not allow any thing but arms . With regard to those now established , it is but equitable they should be exempt from the immediate operation of the new system , but I wish it to be understood , that though they may receive pay and clothing this year , government do not engage to provide it in the next . Nothing in future shall exempt any man from the general training , but his becoming a Volunteer at his own expence , the advantage of which will be that he can train himself if he chooses , and fight if occasion require it , in the corps to which he shall belong , instead of being liable to fall in among the regulars . With respect to the mode