the honour attending this exploit belonged to the military . Perhaps the conquest not being 540 completed might be the cause of apparent tenderness in calling for the sense of the house on this subject . observed , that as none of his hon . Friends who were more immediately connected with the military department were present , he felt some difficulty in answering the noble lord 's question . He was not aware that any motion , of the nature alluded to , was in agitation ; and he had no hesitation in giving it as his opinion , that such a motion would be premature until the conquest had been completed.—It may seem paradoxical to say that this mode of increase is preferable to one more gradual and less alarming to the public . A gradual rise would have led to the supposition that this was a fund to be drawn upon to an idenfinite extent , but being raised at once to its nature limits , there will be less suspicion of future augmentation . to submit to administration the propriety of proposing of proposing a vote of thanks to the gallant officers alluded to , Towards the close of the last war the thanks of the house were not delayed to the conquerors of Egypt until the conclusion of the campaign . In his apprehension the degree in which our troops had distinguished themselves on the opening of the business was sufficient to induce parliament to express a grateful sense of their conduct . repeated that as the conquest was incomplete , such a vote would be premature . pressed the propriety of an immediate vote of thanks for the gallant services that had been rendered , and deprecated the idea of forbearing until the whole conquest was completed . Should a large body of the enemy land at the Cape , it was impossible that the laurels which our brave troops had gathered should be withered by that event ; but they might be deprived of that honourable distinction which he was desirous should be conferred on them . observed , that , instead of a conversation like the present , it would be better for any hon . gent . opposite , who wished , to bring forward a precise motion on the subject.—The bill was then read a 3d time and passed . in consequence of the notice which he had given yesterday , rose to submit a motion to the house , respecting the trial of lord Melville . The hon . gent . 541 said , that the motion of which he had given notice for the house being present at the trial in a committee of the whole house , he considered to be so much a matter of course , that it Was with extreme surprize he first learned that any opposition was meant to be made to it . It was so completely incomprehensible to him what could be urged against his present motion , that he should not think it necessary now to endeavour to anticipate what might be said , but hoped the house would indulge him with a few words in answer to any thing which might be advanced on the other side . He then moved that the house be present at the trial of lord viscount Melville , as a committee of the whole house . '' said , the hon . gent . in waking his present motion must be aware that its effect would be , to necessitate the house of lords to address his majesty for having Westminster-hall fitted up for the purpose of their proceeding to the trial . That , however , being the case , he hoped he might be entitled to say a few words on the subject , by which he hoped to be able to make it appear , not only that such a step would lead to the highest inconvenience , but would , perhaps , be the source of gross injustice and oppression by the delay and expence which such a proceeding would produce . Whenever any question occurred in which it