the number of vessels was 21,000 , then tonnage 2,800,000 , and the number of seamen employed in them 153,000 , and this during the continued operations of those suspensions of the navigation act in the West Indies , against which noble lords on the other side now so loudly protested . In the exportation of our manufactures also to the West Indies , instead of a diminution , a great increase appeared . The greatest quantity exported thither , in any year of peace , was 1,800,000l. , whilst upon an average of the last 5 years , the quantity was 3,300,000l . In every point of view , therefore this measure was far from being detrimental to our commerce and our shipping . He denied that there was any alarm upon the subject . The provision trade of Ireland in particular were satisfied , as beef and pork had been recently excepted from the articles to be imported into the West Indies from America . could not conceive the utility , upon a discussion like the present , of entering into the consideration of abstract questions , such as that propounded by the noble lord ( Hawkesbury ) , in the form of a supposition , that at some future period the interest of our commerce and navigation might clash . He did not believe that all history or experience would furnish any instance of this nature , nor did he believe that the question was likely to arise . He had always considered that the increase of our commerce produced the increase of our navigation , and our ship-building interest . He could not , either , see the necessity of introducing any discussion as to what might be proper to be done during a period of peace ; no man knew , nor could any human being foresee , at what period peace might arrive : to consider , therefore , what , or what might not be proper to be done at an indefinite period , was totally irrelevant to the present question . 1040 There was one error into which statesmen were apt to fall , that of supporting old institutions when the circumstances which gave birth to them had ceased , or had been materially changed . He thought the noble lord had contended for our navigation laws in all their strictness , without a due consideration of the change of circumstances which had taken place since those certainly wise and salutary laws were enacted . He would not , however , enter further at present into the considerption of this subject . The bill now before the House was founded on propositions so plain , that he was surprised at the debate which had taken place upon it . Noble lords on the other side had , in objecting to the bill , condemned their former conduct ; he would , however , defend them against themselves ; their conduct , with respect to the West Indies , had been dictated by a due regard to the interests of the colonies , and had received the approbation of parliament . The present measure was founded on the same principles , with only the difference , that the power and responsibility were vested where they properly ought to be placed , in the executive government . was inimical to this meassure , from the principles of it , as they went to legalise an act , which , by the law , as it at present stood , was unlawful ; and , therefore , he considered it dangerous to leave that in the power and discretion of persons entrusted with official situations in those islands , which , at any time , might be exercised in too great a degree . It would , he continued , be a very hazardous experiment to resort to , and should only be thought of when our navy was not sufficient to supply those islands , without having recourse to the assistance of other nations . said , as their lordships had been detained there and in Westminster-hall so many hours , and as he