bullion is not wanted on the Continent . We have no allies now , and I hope we have no subsidies to pay . This single act would correct many mischiefs , and stop many others ; and the moment is favourable to the attempt . It it be impracticable , the case is desperate , and we may as well shut our eyes to it . This subject , sir , is not quite new to me in thought and speculation , though it is but lately that I have practically applied my mind to it . The most active part of my life has been employed in another department , in which I thought that my application and experience might have made me of some use . My right hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) thinks otherwise , and accordingly he has dismissed and discarded me from that occupation . Up to the present time however , his public professions , repeated very lately in this house , would have supported any conclusion better than that , which he has drawn from them . `` You are the fittest man in the world , and therefore I have taken special care that you shall have nothing to do with India . '' My answer is that , if India can do without me , I can do without India . My noble friend is now at the outset of a great career , in which he has already gained applause . For his own sake then , and much more , than for his own sake , for the service of a country , that wants and can not spare the service of such men , I conjure him to resolve to do right in the first instance , without regard to immediate obstacles . Acting resolutely on that principle , he will find his difficulties diminish as he proceeds . If he takes another course , if he yields to the pretences of immediate facility or to the seduction of present convenience , the real difficulties of his situation will increase and accumulate , until they must be encountered , and can not be overcome . There is nothing so easy as the entrance into a labyrinth , and nothing so difficult as to find your way out of it . began by saying , that on the subject of his hon . friend 's attention 610 to the affairs of India , he could not be justly said to have deserted him , seeing that he had never given him any encouragement . He concurred in much of what had fallen from his hon . friend . He was ready to admit that he thought the provision respecting the exemptions productive of many inconveniences ; but if that was not now for the first time introduced , but existed under the property tax act , it was not to be imputed to a defect in the system of his noble friend . There were some small annuities , which would be exempted , and others which would be entitled to an exemption only in part . On examination , it would be found that the arrangement proposed was not so very objectionable . For an illustration , he should consider only those who were exempted altogether : a person , for instance , might be in possession of an annuity granted by a nobleman or gentleman of fortune ; it was only proposed that the amount of the duty should be deducted in the first instance by the person who paid it , and the annuitant would afterwards be allowed the full benefit of the exemptions belonging to his condition . The provision only required that the grantors of the annuities , which most of the nobility or men of great property usually were , should keep back the amount of the duty . The duke of Bedford and earl Spencer , as well as others , had many such annuities to pay . He had an opportunity of being acquainted with the difficulties that arose out of the manner of allowing the exemptions ,