majority of this house , and of the country I beg leave to read the amendment . It was this : 'That this house feels the deepest concern at the series of disasters which have attended the arms of your majesty 's allies on the Continent , and will , without delay , proceed to enquire into the cause of such disasters , as far as they may be connected with the conduct of your majesty 's ministers . This house is perfectly sensible that alarming and unexampled state of public affairs renders the most vigorous exertions necessary for the preservation of the Empire ; and we feel it our peculiar duty , when . we call for these extraordinary efforts , to provide that the resources we furnish , and the powers we confer , may not in future be so employed as to increase the perils they were intended to avert , and to aggrandize that power to which it is the common interest of all Europe , as well as of Great Britain to set proper limits . ' Such , sir , is the nature of the amendment , which I intended to propose this evening . But although , for the reasons I have mentioned , I am induced to wave it at present , yet , such is my conviction of the alarming state of the country , that I can not , consistently with my duty , suffer many days to elapse without bringing forward the subject , for ample discussion , in some shape . On Monday next , therefore , it is my intention to bring the subject before the house in another shape ; and , perhaps , to introduce such other topics as may be necessary for a full investigation of the business . Concurring entirely in the sentiments which have fallen from my 19 noble friend , I do not think it necessary to trouble the house with more than a few words at present . But I can not forbear to express my hope now , that this seeming dereliction of our duty will not be so misrepresented by any one , either in this house , or out of this house , as to make it possible to be supposed that we do not feel all that we ought to feel for the unexampled calamities which have been brought on the country ; that we do not feel , though not in the way expressed by the address , for the unexampled calamities which have befallen the second military power of the Continent ; that power to which we have looked , and to which we may yet have to look for the support of this country , and of Europe in general . I hope we shall not he wanting in our expressions of indignation at those ill-concerted , ill-conducted , ill-supported , and ill-executed plans , which have placed the country in the most extraordinary and most calamitous situation it ever experienced . I hope we shall not be misinterpreted , by its being supposed that we shall be wanting in those proper feelings by which we ought to be impressed . Nay , sir , it is the very strength of those feelings that induces me to agree in the propriety of putting off the discussion . Reports certainly have gone about , which I hope are exaggerated , which I hope will have ceased in a few days ; but I will freely say , that feeling how nearly the individual alluded to in them is connected with the discussions which must have arisen tonight , had the amendment read by my noble friend been brought forward , I am ready to allow that it would be injustice to him to press the subject in his absence , while there may be any good reasons to believe that he will be able in a very short time to attend in his place . I therefore cordially agree in the propriety of postponing the discussion ; but , at the same time , every private consideration ought to yield to the public advantage