Shelburne , who said , `` that the noble lord had confessed that there was a time when he had infringed the principles of the constitution by acting as a Cabinet minister and as lord chief justice at the same time . '' This was the remark of lord Shelburne , who continued by observing , `` that the excellence of the British constitution lay in keeping the executive and judicial powers as separate and distinct as possible ; '' and why ? Not for the reason given by the right hon . gent . but `` that a person might not be under the necessity of advising in one capacity what he might be called upon to execute in another . '' This example then fell to the ground . No one was more ready to acknowledge a high admiration of the talents of lord Mansfield than he was , but he would ask any person who had read the history of these times , whether that noble and learned judge would not have done much more essential service to his country if he had not mixed the character of the politician with that of the judge ? But you had the example of his matures judgement against that of his earlier years ; for by refusing to act as a Cabinet minister after the year 1765 , he in some measure tacitly condemned his former conduct . The only defence that could be offered for the admission of the chief justice into the Cabinet would be necessity , or strong expediency : but neither had been proved . There was an attempt to prove the expediency : but as to the necessity , the proof had not even been attempted . But having failed in the way of example , the right hon . gent . had recourse to analogy ; and observed that the lord chancellor was a Cabinet minister ; and said , that he would not be answered here with the remark that the chancellor had nothing to do with criminal causes . But he must be s answered in this way , and the chancellor could be removed in two ways , either by the crown , which would not continue to employ a servant who might be disliked ; or by an address of parliament , for malversation in office . But , suppose lord Ellenborough should give the worst advice that could be conceived to his . majesty ; suppose he should advise him to trample on all laws , or throw them into the fire , what could be done ? Could you remove him from his office of chief justice , in which he had committed no malversation ? or could you address the throne to remove him from the Cabinet ? For his par , he 305 could conceive no greater curse to a free Country than an irremovable Cabinet minister.—Now , these were the grounds on which he supported the motion . He allowed all the talents and virtues that had been ascribed to the noble and learned judge , and had no doubt that their application would be found of no little use in the Cabinet , were it not that he held a situation utterly incompatible , in his ideas , with the proper discharge of its duties . He thought it therefore unwise in the greatest degree to place him in a situation which might bring suspicion on his judicial character . The example was supported by no analogy . No expediency was proved , and the proof of a necessity had not even been attempted . He valued highly the noble and learned lord 's abilities ; but he thought the administration of the municipal justice of the country a matter of such infinite importance , that he would not purchase all the services which for years his talents could render in the Cabinet , for a suspicion of one hour attached to his character as a judge . said , he was convinced that the hon . mover of this business had not brought it forward as a party question . He was