truth to almost every prime minister . I think Mr. Pitt is entitled to that praise , and I think we should bestow it in a manner , that if he could know what was now going on , would not give him pain . The motion has my cordial support . said , he had hoped he should not have been called upon to say any thing in support of the motion . He hoped that in the little he should say , he should not deviate from the candour and moderation so laudably professed on the other side , but used at the same time as a veil to throw over one or two propositions in which he did not agree . Some of the gentlemen on the other side were willing to allow parliament to discharge the debts of his late right hon . friend , as a matter of generosity towards an old public servant . He wished it to be known , how- 139 ever , that the friends of that illustrious person would not be satisfied to receive the vote as an eleemosynary grant to posthumous necessities ; not as the boon of pity or compassion , but as a public debt to a highly meritorious public servant . He was not from the beginning so sanguine as to expect an unanimous vote ; he would not purchase unanimity by conceding a tittle of the high and splendid services of his illustrious friend . Referring to the preceding night , he appealed to the house , whether it was not on the other side that the topics of dissension were started ? Objections were made on that occasion to the form of the motion . The fault he found with it was , that it was cold and inadequate to the feelings of those who sup , ported it . When the friends of the great man who was the subject of these motions , consented to neutralize the expression of their feelings for the purpose of removing the grounds of opposition to the motion ; when they resolved , instead of dipping the pen into the heart , to look into the cold forms of the statute book for a precedent ; when they had lowered and diluted every glowing feeling ; when they had restrained and chastised their feelings , in order to constitute unanimity , the result had added to the many proofs he had met with in the course of his political life , that nothing was to be gained by compromise . The nice canvassing of particular points began on the other side , and in a quarter , too , which took a great share in all those transactions which were now the subject of criticism and condemnation.— called the right hon . gent . to order ; it being irregular to revert to former debates . said he had no desire to go back farther than to shew , that the agitation of the objects of dissention originated on the other side . It was expected by those who brought forward this motion in such general terms , that it would have been very generally supported . However widely political differences might have ranged , it was hoped that now all those differences would be buried in the grave , and that all political animosities would cease ; That it would be said— — '' All thy good `` Now blazes , all thy guilt is in the grave . '' that brilliant luminary , whether its dawn was clouded or its meridian splendour obscured , had held a course glorious for the country , and worthy to call forth its ad- 140 miration and gratitude.—He protested against the mode in which the hon . gentlemen gave their support to the motion , and wished to restore them the benefit of that consistency , which they laboured so much to reconcile with the support they gave . He gave credit to the hon , gent . who refused his consent , because he did not see the merit . He confessed he did not see the ground