now suffering under the censure of the house , had been protected by the right hon . gent . : but upon these he did not wish to enlarge . He had clearly and simply discharged his duty , and should sit down with giving his negative to the motion . said , that he had frequently acted in opposition to the measures of the right hon . gent . who was the object of the present motion , and whose 48 loss he very much deplored ; but as the chief objection to the motion seemed to be that these honours should be withheld till the judgment of the house was known on the subject of his conduct for the last six . months , he , for one , was of opinion , that the last six months of his administration were the most brilliant of his life , and therefore he would vote for the motion . —I rise , sir , in order to express in a very few words , the reasons which lead me to support this motion . I shall trespass but a very short time on the attention of the house ; and , perhaps , upon the present occasion , it would have become me better to have sat silent . Notwithstanding it was my fortune to oppose the latter part of the administration of that right hon . gent . yet I feel happy in giving my amplest testimony to those transcendant talents which he possessed , and which , from a very early period of his life , were devoted to the service of the country . I have also great pleasure in bearing witness to that purity and integrity which he preserved throughout his long administration . In giving my warm support to the present motion , I am convinced I am expressing the same feeling which is entertained by every person of my family , who , connected with him by the ties of relationship , may be supposed to feel most deeply for his loss . rose and spoke as follows : —However painful I may feel the situation in which I stand , I feel that there is a duty imposed upon me that I am bound to discharge . Nothing can be more easy and satisfactory , than to comply with that advice which has been given to all parties , not to let their political hostilities be carried to the grave , and that on such an occasion as this , they should bury all animosities . For my part , the only difficulty I should find in complying with this advice is , that I have no political animosities to bury . Although I join sincerely in admiration of the great talents of the right hon . gent . who is now no more , yet I think that those talents can not be said to have been fortunate in the result , and , I must observe , that by the custom of this country , and , indeed , by the custom of every nation , at all times , these extraordinary honours are only conferred where there is a certain union of merit and success . This should not be considered as a mere question of feeling , but it should 49 be considered whether the honours proposed to be granted are customary , or whether they are strictly merited . There is a sort of fortitude on which men sometimes pride themselves , —the fortitude of bearing well the pain of others : there is a sort of generosity also , that loves to indulge itself at the expense of others ' feelings : let us take care in the present case , that we are not indulging our generosity at the expence of our public duties . I know of no function requiring to be discharged under a sense of more solemn obligation than that which relates to the adjudication of national honours ; these are claims not to be decided by a momentary feeling , but by a strict and impartial examination of the merits of