of parliament for the direction of Indian affairs , should be in possession of the house , in order to its guidance , on proceeding upon so important a topic ? The affairs of India , both at home and abroad , had become extremely embarrassed , and those embarrassments might ultimately come home with claims upon that house . He hoped they would not ; but it was known the company had not been able to pay the 500,000l . a year , to which they were pledged to the country , as the consideration of their charter . When papers were now called for to elucidate the affairs of the company , gentlemen were told they must not allude to the past . How then , except by recurring to the past , were ruinous errors to he avoided for the future ? Would the house shut its eyes against all information , and proceed in the dark ? Gentlemen exclaimed , `` Do not set conveniency against justice . '' True , but justice looked two ways , and required as much the vindication of the directors as of the noble lord . The paper would be produced sooner or later ; every member would read it , and it was better it should be read in an avowed and direct way : To attempt to check the perusal of it , would be as vain as to attempt to stop an eruption of Mount Vesuvius . He had no private difference with lord Wellesley , though he disapproved of his administration of India ; he had no wish to stigmatize any part of the administration of the great man , now no more ; it was his intention , too , to support the present administration . He , therefore , could have no factious motive . The country was in the situation of a ship beset with storms and dangers , and in this situation he should say with a departed hero , `` England expects every man to do his duty . '' Where there had been a perversion of talents and a waste of public money ; where the India debt had been increased by lord Wellesley from 11 to 30 millions , investigation was due to the country . observed , that although the professed object of the motion of the noble lord was that of criminating the late board of controul , that certainly was not the whole object of it . He had no disposition to conceal any thing , and therefore as such he would have no objection to any document which could be called for ; but it would give him more satisfaction , if these docu- 823 ments were brought altogether under the contemplation of parliament , and the whole made properly public ; it would be improper to make this document so without other documents before that house . He knew it had been laid on the table of the India house , and somehow or other had found its way in print ; but that was no rule for the house of commons . Its proceedings should be founded on regularity . He was persuaded that those who laid the dispatch in question on the table of the India house , considered it as a confidential document and fit to be produced , but he wished it had not found its way before the public , unless it had been accompanied by others , and the explanations of the reasons of the court of directors for their opinions should have appeared ; without all which it was impossible for those who perused the document to understand it . He did not find it difficult to decide whether the affairs of Oude were properly subject to the board of controul , or to the court of directors , but these were points not now before the house . He concurred entirely with the opinion of the right hon . secretary , who had so ably spoken on this occasion , in the view he had taken of it . If the transactions of Oude were improper