of exchequer bills was read and agreed to , and a bill ordered.—Mr . Tierney rose to revive a notice , which he had submitted to the house above two years ago . He said , that he should on this day three weeks move for leave to bring in a bill for the 162 purpose of removing all doubts with respect to the law which applied to the treating at elections . The reason which urged him so long to delay bringing this subject before the house , the right hon . gent . stated to be , that ever since he had given notice , a number of election petitions had been generally before the house , which in most cases involved this question.—New writs were ordered for Wilton , in the room of lord viscount Fitzwilliam , who had accepted the stewardship of the manor of East Hendred ; and for Haverfordwest , in the room of lord Kensington , who had been appointed one of the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral.—Mr . Vansittart moved , 1 . `` That there be laid before this house , an account of the number of vessels , with the amount of their tonnage , and the value ( official and computed ) of their cargoes , which entered inwards , and cleared outwards , in the several ports on the West coast of Great Britain , from Liverpool inclusive to the northward , from or to any part of the continent of Europe situate northward or north-eastward of Holland , and also from or to any ports on the east coast of Great Britain , from Lynn Regis , in Norfolk , inclusive , to the northward , for five years , ending the 5th of Jan. 1793 , and for five years , ending the 5th day of Jan . 1806 . '' 2 . `` An account of the number of vessels , with the amount of their tonnage , and the value ( official and computed ) of their cargoes , which entered inwards , and cleared outwards , in the several northern ports of Ireland , including Dublin and Sligo , from or to any part of the continent of Europe , situate northward or north-eastward of Holland ; and also from or to any ports on the east coast of Great Britain , from Lynn Regis , in Norfolk , inclusive , to the northward , for five years , ending the 5th of Jan. 1793 , and for five years , ending the 5th of Jan . 1806 . '' Ordered . —Mr . O'Hara moved , `` that there be laid before this house , an account of the totals of the imports and exports of Great Britain , according to their real value , for the years ending 5th Jan. 1800 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 , and 6 , respectively , so as to ascertain the balance of each year . '' Ordered ; as was also a similar account for Ireland . adverted to the notice which had been given by an hon . gent . near him ( Mr. Paull ) with respect to the affairs of India , 163 and to the several papers which that hon . gent . had moved for preparatory to his intended motion . But in addition to the papers on the table , and those ordered to be laid before the house , the noble lord thought the following essentially necessary to a thorough investigation and full understanding of the subject to which they referred ; he should therefore move , 1 . `` That there be laid before this house , a return of the officers , non-commissioned officers , privates and recruits belonging to his majesty 's service , which have been embarked for the East-Indies , from June 1793 , to the last embarkation ; and of those who have returned to Great Britain , distinguishing each year . '' 2 . `` A return of the cadets and recruits entered and enlisted for the service of the East-India