that there were exceptions , and therefore he did not think the legislature should interfere , so as to establish a rule , which does away all exceptions . He did not know that they had stated any particular cases of exception , and he could only conceive them to have meant , that a man was not bound , in courts of law , to answer questions against which he would be protected in a court of equity . What he wished , therefore , was , to leave the discretion of the judges in a court of law , the same as it would be if no such bill existed , and authorise them to afford the same protection to witnesses , as would be allowed them in a court of equity . For this purpose he moved a proviso , `` that nothing in this act contained should preclude a witness from objecting to such questions as he would not be called upon to answer in a court of equity ; nor preclude the judge from deciding on the validity of such objections . '' said , that he had so high a respect for the opinion of his right hon . friend , that it was with great unwillingness he felt himself obliged to dissent from him on the present occasion . The great objection he had to this proviso was , his conviction , that the rules of evidence at common law could not be reversed , or remedied , by the authority of any court of equity , neither were they , in fact , determined even by the statutes . No judge , in a court of common law , would allow a witness to state , as an objection to a question , that he would not be compellable to answer it in a court of equity . He saw not the least necessity whatever for this proviso , which might occasion the bill to be thrown out in another house . This bill would not oblige a judge to compel a plaintiff to prove that the debt he sued for was an unjust one , nor would a court of equity compel a man to disclose a forfeiture of his estate by a breach of contract ; but the same rules were not applicable to courts so distinct . At Nisi 770 Prius , the judge must , of necessity , take upon him to decide on a sudden , what , in a court of equity , might turn out to be a matter of great nicety , and requiring mature deliberation . Upon these , and various other grounds , he opposed the proviso , as being totally unnecessary . said , he gave his right hon . friend , who spoke last , full credit for having the very best intentions ; but , though the bill originated in another house , which was itself the supreme court of judicature in the kingdom , and , of course , attracted the attention of the highest and most distinguished law authorities in the country , he could not help feeling , that it was capable of being predicated of the bill , that , in its present shape , it did not declare what was , in fact , the opinion of the twelve judges , who all admitted that there were exceptions to the general rule . He was , therefore , in favour of the proviso ; for , as the law would stand according to the present bill , the judge would have no discretion , but be obliged to compel a witness to disclose every thing . A man , for instance , may hold an estate by a defective title , of which he had no notice when he gave a valuable consideration for it , but by this bill , the judge could leave him no alternative , but compel him to disclose , upon oath , that defect , which would , at once , reduce himself and his family , perhaps , from affluence to a workhouse . The laws of