's present ministers , cover the expenses for a long period . He joined the hon . gent . in that hope ; but he had to observe , that the estimates now brought forward were principally such as had been found in the offices . The late chancellor of the exchequer had introduced the system of war taxes with great effect ; but like every thing else , this system was less perfect in the beginning . Now the tax was made to bear on double the number of persons ; not poor persons , but persons well able to pay , but whom it had been in vain attempted to charge under the present acts . He owed it to the noble lord ( Sidmouth ) who had introduced the property tax , to say , that he had revived this great source of revenue after it had been absolutely worn out . The income tax had been mortgaged for 11 years to pay the interest of debts contracted during the late war . The noble lord had transferred these mortgages , and the tax on property was found a great and unencumbered resource 618 at the commencement of the present war . The only alteration that was made now , was to remove the great difficulty that was created by the exemptions , and to allow the commissioners the proper means to make the tax productive . It was an object equally attended to , to afford the relief formerly granted by the exemptions with the greatest possible care and convenience . The small annuitants who were the first objects If this care , would have only to go before the next magistrate , and exhibit their proofs ; the magistrate would immediately grant the certificate , on the transmission of which the commissioners would immediately refund . Small tradesmen would be considered in the next degree to small annuitants ; all those who had least means of repairing any loss , would be the first considered.—With respect to the observations of his hon . friend on the restriction of the cash payments at the bank , he agreed that things could not be said to be in their proper situation as long as that restriction continued : but our situation was very different from that of France at the time of the Mississippi scheme . With respect to the Bank Restrictions , said the noble lord , I perfectly agree with my hon . friend , that they should not be continued longer than necessity requires , and that their removal should be constantly held in view . The Bank directors have not , on this subject , received any pledge from his majesty 's ministers ; and I must own that their resuming their payments in specie would give myself , for one , a more cheering idea of the increasing prosperity of the country . With respect , however , to the sinking fund , I can not agree with my hon . friend ; and the very argument which he has held against it is , with me , the strongest in its favour . If its effect be to keep the 3 per cent . consols at 60 , surely this it a positive advantage to the public , and in more ways than one . It keeps down the interest of money , enables government to make loans on more advantageous terms , and supports that confidence and credit which is so essential to the well-being of this great commercial nation . My hon . friend asks , why not apply it to the diminution of the burthens of the people ? I will give him an explicit answer . It is for the same reason that I would not expend my capital on my subsistence . In the one case as in the other , I would look forward to the enjoyment of the same supply , and the same support , 20 or 30 years hence . I allow that there is a relative proportion be- 619 tweed the sinking fund and the national debt , which it may