from an improvident abandonment of the principle now , and the failure of all those plans by which the rt . hon . gent . fancifully persuades himself , ( but will , I trust , not succeed in persuading the house ) , that we might do very well without it . Then , indeed , we should be left without any ( other resource ; and it is to avoid the hazard 976 of this necessity , that I would , if possible , induce the house to pause before they say that there shall be no compulsion ; and would impress upon them the propriety of waiting till they fully understand the substitute which is to be proposed , and till they have had an opportunity of trying it for a length of time , proportioned to the magnitude of the interests which it puts to hazard.—Nor is it , however , in this indirect and collateral way only that the measure , the repeal of which is now proposed to you , contributes to what is stated to be the main object of all the rt . hon . gent 's . views , the augmentation of the regular army . The measure has another character . It procures supplies for the regular army directly . On this point I might refer , with confidence , to the papers on the table . This act , while a notice of repeal has been hanging over it , is producing men at the rate of 16 or 18,000 men in the year . Any support of a bill for its repeal , then , comes with a very bad grace from those who approved of it when it only produced at the rate of 8 or 9,000 in the year . The supply which it at present affords is equal to the whole casualties of the army , leaving all that is supplied by the regular army recruiting , ( which , be it observed , has not beep diminished by the operation of this bill ) as so much clear gain.—If , then , the rt . hon . gent . is determined to abolish this and the ballot for the militia , he must be understood as undertaking to supply these 18,000 men : to make up the whole of the militia at the beginning of a war ; to keep up the recruiting of the regular army as it is at present ; and to supply all vacancies that may occur in . any and all of these establishments . If this , then , is what the rt . hon . gent . promises to do , it is so gigantic a promise , that the house ought certainly to know how it is to be fulfilled before they part with the measures which are now in force.—The charm which is to effect all this is an alteration in the term of service : which will , in itself obviously produce an additional demand upon the rt . hon . gent. , by an additional number of vacancies to be supplied ; of which , however , he seems himself so sensible , that he resolves to avoid at least that increase of his difficulties , by deferring the operation of his own principle ; so that , according to all human calculation , the effects of it shall not be felt in his own time . —With respect to this question of changing the term of enlistment , I must , in the first place , take the liberty of protesting against the house of commons being .called upon to 977 discuss it at all ; I think it would have been much more wisely done not to have provoked debate upon it here . If the limitation of the term of service be intended as a boon to the army , I think it ought to have come to them from the crown ; from that branch of the government to which the superintendance of the regular army belongs . I do not like the notion of parliament interfering with offers