is intire . Such a nation , by making vigorous efforts . must be invincible . Under all these impressions , I trust , there is not one among your lordships who will not 8 cheerfully concur in the present address . said , that he did not rise to offer any opposition to the motion now before their lordships . He was anxious , however , that it should be understood , that his own conduct , and that of other noble lords , in abstaining from expressing their sentiments on this occasion , should not he attributed to an entire concurrence in all the observations which had been made by the noble mover and seconder . The fact was , that he had come down to the house with a determination to move an amendment upon the motion for the address ; but he was induced to postpone it , from the consideration , solely , of the indisposition of a right hon . gentleman at the head of his majesty 's councils . He felt that , as the address did not in itself pledge noble lords to any thing , upon which there could be any great difference of opinion , it was rather a point of delicacy to offer any proposition , under the present circumstances , leading to a discussion , in which Must necessarily be involved the conduct of the right hon . gentleman alluded to . Having said thus much , he should satisfy himself , for the present , with reading the amendment which he had drawn up . His lordship then read over the amendment . The purport of it tended to express the deep concern which the house felt at the disasters recently sustained by his majesty 's allies on the Continent : and to assure his majesty , that the house would take the earliest opportunity of enquiring into the causes of these disasters , so far as they might be connected with the conduct of his majesty 's ministers ; and to suggest such measures as should appear to be necessary for averting the dangers which threatened this country . His lordship concluded with giving notice , that on Monday next he should submit a motion , embracing the substance of the amendment which he had just read . rose to return thanks to the noble lord , who had just sat down , for the sentiments which he had expressed . The situation of the country was , in his view of it , such as to call for the most prompt and attentive consideration . That consideration ought , most certainly , to be no longer postponed than was necessary to put their lordships completely in possession of the subjects which demanded their most serious enquiry . It was desirable that their lordships ' decision should 9 be preceded by the most complete investigation ; but , for his own part , he confessed , that some of the topics connected with the present state of the country were so urgent , that any delay in bringing them under discussion could be justified only by the motive which influenced the conduct of the noble lord below him . There was not a man of liberal ideas , but must feel the deepest regret for the indisposition of the individual to whom he alluded . If such must be the feeling of that noble lord , and of every other man , how much more forcibly must that sentiment of regret he felt by himself , who had passed so many years of his life in the most intimate connection with the right hon . gentleman ? At the same time that he thus felt himself bound to express his gratitude to the noble lord , for the motive which inclined him to postpone his intended amendment , he was also called upon to thank him , for his determination to bring forward the subject on an early day . For the rest , he had no intention of trespassing on their lordships ' time at present , by any observation on what had fallen from