had been engaged in the expedition . They had done all that was wished to be done , and they had done it well ; but it did not appear that the capture of the Cape was a military exploit of that splendid nature that called for such a distinguished mark of approbation as the Thanks of the House , which should not be made cheap by being too frequently conferred . A certain degree of discretionary judgment with regard to the more and the less , must be left with ministers ; and on the best judgment that they were able to form , the achievement alluded to was not one of those which called for the solemn Thanks of Parliament . did not wish to enter into the merits of the conquest . The acquisition of the Colony— ( Here the noble lord was interrupted by the Speaker , who observed that there was no question before the house . ) moved to send a message to the Commons , informing them that his majesty had been graciously pleased , in pursuance of an address of that House , to give directions for fitting up a place proper in Westminster-Hall for the Trial of Lord Viscount Melville . Ordered.—Lord Grenville adverted to the motion which had been formerly agreed to by the house , for the attendance of Witnesses on the 29th of April , relative to the charges against Mr. Justice Fox , and observed that it would be impossible for the house to proceed at the same time on the trial of lord Melville , and in the examination of the charges against Mr. Justice Fox . He therefore moved to discharge the order , and renew it for Monday , the 19th of May . The marquis of Abercorn assented to the motion ; which was agreed to.—Lord Holland , after referring to the numerous Petitions on the table from the Debtors in the different prisons , praying for relief , stated that he did not think it necessary to detain their lordships by entering into any discussion upon the subject ; 755 he should merely observe , that he had prepared a bill for the relief of that description of persons , which was framed in the same manner as former bills of that nature . He intended to propose , that the bill should be printed , and that it should be read a second time as soon as possible after the prints were ready . His lordship presented the bill , which was read a first tune , and ordered to be printed . On the motion of the noble lord , several accounts were ordered of the number of persons confined for Debt in different prisons . brought up a petition from Mr. Lyon , the agent for the island of Jamaica , against the bill to prevent the Importation of Slaves into such of our colonies and settlements in the West Indies , as have been surrendered to his majesty during the present war . His lordship said , that the petition had been put into his hands , and he therefore thought it adviseable to present it ; but he begged it to be understood , that in so doing , he did not pledge himself at all on the subject matter of it . The petition was ordered to lie on the table till the second reading of the bill , and that the petitioners should be heard , by counsel , against the said bill , if they thought fit.—Mr . Mitford , from the exchequer in Scotland , presented an account of Grants made out of forfeited Estates in Scotland , and the Balances due out of the same . Also , an account of all Malt chargeable with duty in Scotland.—On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , the house resolved into a Committee of Supply , in which the usual Annual Votes for Miscellaneous Services were agreed to.—The house having resolved into a Committee of Ways and Means , Mr. Vansittart , with a view to the object of which he had given notice yesterday