, sarcasm , and even ridicule . Such a conduct from any portion of the house towards any individual member , certainly was not very decorous , nor yet very politic , as it tended to discourage members from bringing forward impeachments , when , to their own minds and conviction , they conceived themselves warranted so to do , by acts of public delinquency . If this were a case where the accuser was considered and known to be a person of such character and description , or the charges themselves , primâ facie , so absurd , or improbable , as not to deserve being entertained for one moment ; in that case , such discountenance would be justified . But no man had ventured to allege , much less to sheW , that this was the case in the present instance . The hon . gent . was , he said , but a very slight acquaintance of his , having but very recently returned from India ; he was here , it was true , an individual little known , unconnected , and unsupported ; but he was not the worse qualified to bring forward the charge in this case , for if he had been long absent from this country , he was long present , in that where the matter originated ; and he founded his proceeding upon circumstances which , he alleged , had passed under his own observation . With regard to the argu- 943 ment of precedents stated by an hon . member , he would admit it was a good principle , upon which , in , general , to act ; but then , precedents should only operate in cases precisely similar . It was proper first , to read the charges themselves ; but to read the evidence first , and the charges afterwards , would be to invert the regular order of proceeding . Besides , if members were to wait for the accumulation of such a mass of documents on both sides , before they commenced their own consideration , it was very possible that members would be discouraged from investigating such voluminous masses of matter . The right hon . secretary concluded by voting for the hon . gent . 's motion , though he certainly could have wished him to act by the temperate suggestion of his hon . and learned friend . said , he should vote for printing the charge . There was no great difference between himself and his rt.hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) on the general principle . He agreed with him , that any member of the house had a right to present a charge . He would go farther , and allow that it was regular that a day should be appointed for its consideration . But now they were on a question , whether it should be printed without evidence , or scarcely any notice of evidence . He would not even there differ with his right hon . friend , as to the right , but at the same time when a member did this , without there being any necessity for it , he must say that his mode of proceeding was injudicious ; and that he would have done much better , had he waited for the evidence . He might then say , 'there is the evidence , and you may compare the evidence with the charge , ' and know how far it is well founded . Now it was possible , undoubtedly , that a member in calling for papers , might be told when his object was not exactly understood , `` bring forward your charge , otherwise we will not grant you your papers . '' But , in this case , a variety of motions for papers had been made , none of which had been over-ruled , at least none that had been made by the hon . gent . himself . But he might have proceeded in another way , and have said , `` there is the charge , and , to prove