lution of thanks by the Court of directors to marquis Wellesley for the very service which was the subject of the present motion . He concluded by saying , that if the hon . mover had any regard for , and wished to serve and oblige , marquis Wellesley , he would advise him to pursue his enquiry ; and , if he had any regard for himself , he would advise him to put his motions in his pocket . observed , that when it was said by him or his noble friend , that they did not mean to oppose the production of the papers , it was not to be understood that they meant more than such papers as were proper to be laid before the house . He then adverted to the transactions concerning Surat , and concluded by informing the house , that when these papers were produced , it would be necessary to bring forward a great many more , the printing of which would take up much time . thought there was sufficient ground laid for the motion . It0 appeared from the statement of the noble lord , that the noble marquis had given something to this prince . If he had done so gratuitously , what right had he to assume such a power to himself ? If lie gave this to the prince of Surat , he must have taken it from some person else . and said : — As the noble lord and my right hon . friend have correctly stated the relative situation between the company and the nabob of Surat , it will not be necessary to go over the same ground : I will therefore confine myself to pointing out how far the subject of the hon . gent 's charge against the noble marquis is connected with Guickwar . And here it may be necessary to state , for the information of those gentlemen who have neither time nor inclination to look into Indian subjects , that the Guickwar is one of the Mahratta chiefs who hold a part of Guzzerat as a tributary to the Peishwa . In 1780 , general Goddard , who commanded a Bengal detachment on the western side of India , conquered a part of Guzzerat ; and placed Futty Sing , the head of the Guickwar family , in possession of the country , declaring him independent of the Poonah Durbar . Mr. Anderson was sent , in 1781 , to conclude a peace with the Maharattas , and experienced some difficulty with the Madajee Scindia , about the proposed independency of Futty Sing ; but it was at last settled , and the country ceded to him by gen. Goddard was guaranteed by the 8th article of the treaty of Sulbey , subject only to the peishcush , or 477 quit-rent . On the death of Futty Sing , two brothers started as competitors ; and on that occasion , Sir John Shore contended that the company had a right to interfere , and were bound to support the Guickwar , in consequence of the treaty of Sulbey . Gov.Duncan in 1800 , having obtained from the nabob of Surat the sovereignty of that city for the India company , applied to the Guickwar to relinquish his claim of choute or tribute , and grant to the company 10 or 12 miles of territory round the city of Surat ( to prevent the disputes winch had frequently occurred from contending parties ) ; and which Crovindkow readily consented to , with warm professions for the English , and made no other terms for the cession than to request he might have a hundred Bombay sepoys as au honorary body guard . When this cession was made , it was thought prudent not to take possession of the country , as it might start a difficulty in the negociation then carrying on at Poonah by the governor-general . Govindkow dying , the eldest son took possession of the musnud . He was soon dethroned by his brother ; who in a short time was displaced by the officers