, and when was that known to either house of parliament ? Not till ten years after he had withdrawn him self from that situation , and not till it was charged upon him as matter of blame by the father of the present chancellor of the exchequer , the late marquis of Lansdowne . High and splendid as that noble lord 's abilities were , there was a time when as a constitutional lawyer he did not stand very high in the estimation of the right hon . gent . opposite to me . A further confirmation of his not being nice upon subjects of this nature is , that he had in the year 1780 the indelicacy to preside on the trial of lord George Gordon , who was charged with heading the very mob who burnt lord Mansfield 's house . Why is it that the appointment of chancellor should be revocable at pleasure ? but , because he must by his office be necessarily concerned in affairs of state . Whence 290 is it that puisny judges never set their foot in the court of St. James 's , but , because they should not only be unbiased but unsuspected of being influenced by the hope of preferment ? —I come now to the precedents on the other side . The evil effects of statesmen acting as judges , were severely felt in former times in the court of Star Chamber , and not less so of judges being statesmen in the iniquitous conduct of lord chief justice Jefferys . The last precedent I shall adduce , and the only one in which the house of commons has been called upon to declare an opinion on this subject , is to be found in the journals of the 3d of May , 1782 ? , when the right hon . gent . filled the same office he now does . An address on that day passed this house to his majesty , praying that he would be pleased to recall sir Elijah Impey , knight , one of the judges of the supreme court of judicature , at Fort William in Bengal , to answer to the charge of having accepted an office granted by , and tenable at the pleasure of , the East-India company , which had a tendency to create a dependence in the said supreme court upon those , over whose actions the said court was intended as a controul , contrary to the good purposes and true intent , and meaning of an act of the 13th year of his majesty 's reign . Sir Elijah Impey could never be meant to be a controul over the servants of the East-India company , but wherein they had done wrong : and surely , the lord chief justice of England has as much controul over all wrong-doers in this country , as he could have in Bengal.—I will add but one sentence more of my own : That my objection to lord Ellenborough 's remaining in the Cabinet , is because he is a judge . If he were not so , there is not a man in it whom I should think more worthily placed there than that noble and learned lord . I will now read two quotations from authors of the highest authority , and then the three resolutions which it is my intention to move . Mr. Addison says , in one of his periodical papers , `` the best law , '' ( meaning the act of King William ) `` that ever was passed in our days , was that which continues the judges in their posts during their good behaviour , without leaving them to the mercy of such as might , by an undue influence over them , trouble and pervert the course of justice . '' Judge Blackstone says : `` In this distinct and separate existence of the judicial power in a peculiar body of men , nominated indeed but not 291 removable at pleasure by the crown , consists one main preservative of the public liberty ; which can not subsist