deserts . It has not been his lot to die where his gallant mind would have led him , in the front of a glorious contest with the enemies of his country , at the head of a successful army , and in the arms of victory . Is it possible to doubt that he , who risked his life for a most meritorious purpose , but without , the hope of fame , would not gladly have resigned it , on the same principle , in any other field , in which honour might have been obtained ? That good fortune was denied him . It is our duty then to repair and fill up what was wanting in the measure due to his well-earned character . Let the gratitude of his country accompany his name in its descent to the latest posterity . The measure proposed is all we can do , and I am proud of having some share in it . said , that with all his respect for lord Cornwallis , notwithstanding his regret for his loss , and his firm persuasion of the many virtues that he possessed , he still very much doubted whether he was entitled to such honours as had been proposed . The same objection occurred to him that he had stated on a former occasion . He thought , that those honours should principally be given on account of splendid talents employed successfully . As for his concluding the peace of Amiens , it could not be expected , that he should think that added much to his claim . Although his services had not been altogether so brilliant as those of some men , yet , when he considered the purity of his mind , and the great virtues which he possessed , he should not in this particular case oppose the motion . expressed himself extremely happy , on many grounds , that this motion had been brought forward , as it gave him an opportunity of expressing the sentiments of gratitude he felt for the eminent services of the noble marquis . He felt great pleasure in hearing the noble lord , and the hon director , as well as the 125 hon . member opposite to him ( Mr. Francis ) , who were all so well acquainted with India , pay such unequivocal tributes of praise , and bear such ample testimony to his great deserts ; but he was desirous , that they also , who were not so well acquainted with India should have an opportunity of expressing their opinions and their feelings in favour of one , whose whole life had been devoted to the service of his country , If we looked back to the history of any country , in * * * ancient or modern times , what was the situation of the distant colonies they possessed ? Too often we shall find the unfortunate people groaning , and miserable under the weight of a system of tyranny , oppression , and rapacity , exercised without mercy and without bounds , by their governors ; for the purpose , in the first place , of enriching themselves ; and , in the next , of providing as much more as would purchase them security from all enquiry at home . But how very different from those , was the conduct of this great and good man , who had caused British laws and regulations for the security of persons and property , to be transplanted into the bosom of India , and fostered and extended to its most distant parts ; who had , while there , been the idol of millions , and who left it with the blessing of all who knew his name . In his civil , military , and diplomatic capacity , he had , on every occasion , evinced the most ardent zeal and anxiety , to do service to his country ; and in this last great act , he had only failed , from an unfortunate diminution and decay of bodily strength . In all his former transactions , he