the course of a few days , had expressed a wish to be present when the motion was made . Mr Paull acquiesced in the delay , and the motion was , with the leave of the house , withdrawn.—On the motion of Mr Brooke it was ordered that there be laid before this house , an `` account of the several contracts for spirits , and the prices at which they were made , entered into by the commissioners of his majesty 's victualling board for the supply of the royal navy , froth 5th July 1803 , to 5th Jan. 1806 , distinguishing the quantities of foreign brandy or British plantation rum delivered , and the respective ports of delivery. '' —Mr . Vansittart brought up the 5 million exchequer bills bill , which was read a first time . moved that the witnesses ' indemnity bill should be read a second time on Monday , and that the lords be summoned . said he did hot mean to oppose the motion made by his noble friend , he only wished to call the attention of the house to this bill , the object of which , 167 it would be recollected by their lordships , made part of a bill which was before the house last session , and which went to indemnify persons giving evidence on the impeachment of lord Melville , from both criminal prosecutions and civil process , in consequence of such evidence . Some doubts , however , then arose with respect to the indemnification from civil process , and only the indemnity from criminal prosecutions was agreed to . With respect to the civil indemnity , certain questions were referred to the judges , with a view of ascertaining whether persons were legally justified in refusing to answer questions , the result of which might subject them to a civil suit . Their lordships were aware that , a prorogation having intervened , the judges did not conceive that there were any questions now regularly before , them to which they were called upon to give an answer . The subject , however , which was involved in those questions , he considered to be of importance , and he suggested whether it would not now be advisable to refer similar questions to the judges , for the opinion of that learned body , before they proceeded upon the bill ? said , he did not object to the proceeding proposed by the noble lord ; but , as there was an obvious necessity that their lordships should either pass or reject the bill now before them without loss of time , his noble friend would also be aware of the necessity of having the opinions of the judges as speedily as possible . The earliest day that could be named would , he conceived , be the most advisable to be appointed for the attendance of the judges , in order that their lordships might , without delay , proceed upon the bill , and either agree to its provisions , or finally reject it . After a few words interchanged between lords Hawkesbury and Holland , respecting the time to be appointed , it was ordered , that the judges should attend on Monday , for the purpose of then referring to them certain questions . took the oaths and their seats for the counties of Bedford and Middlesex.—On the motion of Mr. Hurst , a new writ was ordered for Steyning , in Sussex , in the room of lord Ossulston , who , since his election , had accepted of the of- 168 fice of treasurer of his majesty 's hous hold—On tire motion of Mr. L. Dundas , a new writ was ordered for Richmond in Yorkshire , in the room of the hon . G. H. L. Dundas , who , since his election , had accepted of the office of steward of the Chiltern Hundreds.—On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , a new writ was ordered to be issued for Cashell , in Ireland , in the room of the right hon . W. Wickham