the motion , was not because he was convinced of the guilt of the noble marquis . When , however , he saw charges 861 of so grave a natures brought forward , he thought it due to , the . dignity of the house that an opportunity proving such charges , if well founded , should .not be denied . pledged himself to adduce documents t prove every tittle of the charges he had brought forward . He complained , that he met much difficulty and interruption in being able to procure the necessary documents ; an he alluded to an hon . gent . ( mr. Golding ) , who had said he would move for papers , that would refute every tittle of the charges he ( Mr. P. ) was to bring forward this day , though the particulars of these charges were not disclosed by him . said , that he was convinced , from finding the charges so vague , futile , and indefinite , that the hon . gent . had only moved for the numerous documents already produced against the noble marquis . Thornton said , the court to which he had the honour to belong having been so particularly alluded to , and seeming so much interested in the question , he might not seem to discharge his duty it he did not say a few words on the subject , while he , at the same time , expressed his own feelings . He felt regret act the situation into which the hon . gent . had brought himself , the house , and the court of directors . He lamented the hon . gent . had gone so far . He had not the honour of being acquainted with him till be had come forward in his present character , but he thought the spirit and manliness displayed by the lion . gent . throughout , did him the highest credit . Though he stopt short of the hon . gent. , he thought he had well-grounded cause of complaint , and that there was much truth in the generality of his charges . He thought , however , that the hon . gentleman 's was not a happy mode of proceeding , and that enquiry was the proper mode . If he had followed that mode , he ( Mr. T. ) should have voted with him . It was not for him to dictate to the hon . gent. , but he only stated his opinion thus far , that the hon . gent . might not expect greater support from him than he was to receive . He thought justice to the hop . gent . required that he should be warned that there might be many others from whom he might have looked for support , who would pot be inch , Red to go the length he wished . He ( Mr. T. ) did . think that marquis Wellesley had been guilty of a wasteful ex- 862 penditure the company 's money ; that he had committed many errors , and violated the law in several instances ; but he was apprehensive that the model of accusation resorted to by the hon . gent . would only have the effect of bringing the marquis off and holding him up to the world as a man that had been unjustly attacked . The hon . gent . had been accused of not having produced documents to support the charge . He certainly had been hasty , had not consulted his friends sufficiently , and had relied too , much on himself . This , however , he must say in , justice to him , that , if the house had given him the paper which was yesterday moved for , he would . have . been in no want of documents . He ( Mr. T. ) knew many of the statements of figures given by the hon . gent . in the charge presented by him . this night , to be correct , and to be contained in that document .