, namely , that of making a proportionate Addition to the Duty upon East and West India Sugar , moved , that an additional Duty of 1s . per cwt . should be imposed upon East-India Sugar imported . And also , that upon the exportation of the same , a drawback should be allowed of , equal amount . pursuant to his notice on a former day , rose to bring forward his motion for the production of papers respecting the Debts of the Nabobs of Arcot . But , before he proceeded to intro- 756 duce his motion , he begged leave to put to the hon . gent . behind him ( Mr. Hobhouse ) a question or two , the answers to which might probably save some trouble . As it appeared that an agreement hart been entered into between the directors of the India company and the creditors of the Nabob of Arcot , in consequence of which a commission had been appointed ; he wished to know who were the persons forming that commission , and by whom they were to be paid ? Not having been able to attend the house on Monday , when the hon . gent . to whom he referred , brought forward his bill , he was under the necessity of applying for more information upon this subject than perhaps other gentlemen required . He wished to hear it accounted for , why the hon . member should have been the person to bring forward this measure , particularly as he understood him to have stated that he accepted the office very unwillingly , and but yielded to the importunity of others ? said , it was his desire that the hon . gent . should be most fully and satisfactorily informed upon this subject . The hon . gent . had not been present when he had first stated his proposition , and moved for leave to bring in the bill , or his present question would not have been necessary . The commissioners , he said , consisted of three persons ; namely , he ( Mr. Hobhouse ) , a Mr. Horner , who was nominated in consequence of an hon . gent . Mr. Ryder , having withdrawn himself from the commission , and Mr. Cockburne : the former was a gent . conversant in the law ; and the latter an old servant of the India company , and much experienced in India affairs . With respect to the authority for their appointment , it was made by the directors of the East-India company , in concurrence with the creditors . With regard to their remuneration , it was intended to be according to the habit of parliamentary commissions , namely , of that of the quantum meruit , when the business should be gone through . Hoping that this answer to the hon . gent . 's questions would prove satisfactory , he had only to assure him , that if the papers for which he intended to move were of the nature which he was taught to understand , his motion should meet , on his part , no resistance . thanked the hon . gent . for the very candid and satisfactory answer be had been pleased to give to his question . He confessed , that from the information which he bad just received from the hon . 757 gent . he was under a mistake , for he had supposed that Mr. Fordyce was at the head of this commission ; but he now found that that gent . was at the head of the creditors . There was something in this transaction , altogether , which was well deserving of , and to which he begged , the particular attention of , the house . Why it should have found its way into the house at all , but still more why it was entertained , why it obtained a footing , he could account for on satisfactory ground . Perhaps it was owing , to the operation of interest , but sure he was that there