and afterwards opposed its repeal , he was desirous of trespassing Upon the house as shortly as possible , in order to , state the grounds upon which he should now support this motion for the second reading of the bill.—He agreed with the rt . hon . gent. , that they all had but one common object , that of providing for the augmentation of the army , and it was because this law had , completely failed to accomplish that . object . That he now voted for its repeal —In order to bring this question fairly before the house , he should endeavour to spew what this measure had proposed to accomplish , and what had been accomplished the means which the law provided for carrying it into effect , and the means which had been actually employed in its execution . It was in the first place proposed to raise a limited force , which whilst it provided for home defence , would set at liberty equivalent proportion of unlimited or disposable force 2dly , To Make this limited force a source of additional supply to the regular army , in aid of ordinary recruiting . And , 3dly , To accomplish this , not only without interfering with the recruiting of the disposable force , but to remove the obstacles and impediments that had hitherto obstructed that service , by reason of the competition between those recruiting for the limited force , and those recruiting for the disposable force , and to keep the recruiting of the two species of force entirely distinct.—To effect this , the recruiting for the limited force , was to be carried on by the parish officer with a limited bounty , aided , in case of his failure , by the regimental recruiter , for a limited bounty likewise , thus extending itself , as stated by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , over the Whole surface of the country but in order to prevent competition with each other , or with the disposable force , being restricted within certain pre- 1006 scribed limits , and it was proposed to give an additional bounty , to induce men already enlisted with the force , to volunteer into the line —Before he entered upon this part of the subject he thought it highly material to call the attention of the house , to the state of our military force at different periods , in order that we might judge of to effects of those exertions which had been , made at various times to augment the army , and that he should here follow the statement made on former occasion , by the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) opposite to him . The noble lord had compared the gross force of the army as it stood on the 1st of Jan. , 1806 , and on the 1st of Jan. , 1804 , stating the gross force , on the 1st of Jan. , 1806 , to be 267,000 men , rank and File ; and on the 1st of Jan. , 1804 , 234,000 men , making an increase of 33,000 men ; whereas he found the gross force to be on the 1st of Jan. 1806 , only 259,952 , and on the 1st of Jan. , 1804 , 236,033 , making an increase of 23,919 , instead of 33,000 , and giving him , just ground to quarrel with the accuracy of the noble lord ( Here lord C. said across the house , that he had taken the force as stood on the 1st of March , 1806 ) Mr. Hawthorne maintained ; that such had been the noble lord 's statements ; but if he understood that the noble lord intended to compare the force , as it stood on the 1st of March , and not on the 1st of Jan. , he , should not pursue that comparison any further ; but he confessed his surprise at hearing the noble lord take , any credit for the augmentation , which appeared to have taken place between the 1st of