necessarily be maintained . In England and Scotland , I am confident , the plan proposed will have the most powerful effect on the recruiting service ; and , if measures could be adopted for completely conciliating the people of Ireland , it would present a nursery of brave and excellent soldiers , more faithful in proportion to its population , than any prince in , Europe possesses . admitted that there were difficulties with which the present administration had certainly to struggle , or any administration in their circumstances . But making allowances for those difficulties , that great man who had been mentioned , had left them in a situation that did him the highest honour . He applauded in high terms the impressive and powerful peroration the right hon . gent . had just made , with which he agreed most cordially . Finding ourselves deserted after all the great exertions we had made , it did riot become us to waste our time in little idle disputes , but to make every effort to be ready to meet 717 our enemy , whose great object was our destruction . He assented most cordially to every proposition for putting the army on a proper and respectable establishment , but differed in several points from the right hon . gent . who had submitted this proposition to the house . He hoped this difference of opinion on his part would not be attributed to any desire to oppose the present administration . He was of opinion , in the present circumstances of the country , that all party feelings should be laid aside , and no systematic opposition entered into , unless it should be found that ministers were betraying their trust and abusing the confidence of the nation . But it was the duty of every member in that house to take care that the declining years of a beloved sovereign should descend to the grave in peace . Any change in our military establishment , he thought , had better be postponed till a time of peace . It was like quitting a good position on the eve of battle in quest of another , by which we exposed ourselves to inevitable defeat . We had already , he thought , a large army , and the means also in operation that were likely to increase it . He should at present only make a few observations upon the different heads into which the right hon . gent . appeared to have divided his speech , viz . the repeal of the Additional Force bill ; 2dly , the regulation of the Army ; and 3dly , the regulation of the Volunteer system , and the improvements of the Levy en Masse . With respect to the first of these he confessed that he himself had at first opposed that additional force bill , from the idea of its being an innovation , but now since it appeared to have been the means of producing men , and likely to be still further beneficial in being productive of a regular supply to the army , he should hesitate very much before he should vote for the repeal of such an act . It most undoubtedly ought not to be repealed merely upon prejudices taken up at the outset of the plan . The number of men produced within the few last months operated very greatly in its favour , and tended to show the absurdity of repealing an act previously to proposing any substitute in its stead . It had been found that by common recruiting the deficiences in the army could not at present be filled up . The right hon . gent . had in his speech taken notice of the circumstance that the trifling bounty of one guinea or two guineas being sufficient to procure men for the army in the reign of king William , and in the time 718 of king George II . ; but he wished him to advert to the extreme difference of those times from the present , and the number of men actually required for the