the 5th Jan. 1806 . In stating the unexpended grants , he has undervalued , I apprehend , the amount , by not giving credit for 890,000l . under the head of army in Ireland , and 500,000l . under that of vote of credit , transfers to navy , and other items , which will carry the remains unexpended of last year considerably above 3,000,000l. , against which I am not aware of any charge which can be considered in fairness as a set-off , except the arrears of subsidy of 1,000,000l. , —The noble lord 's demands outstanding are composed of claims not demandable , and which could not be paid if the funds were forthcoming , viz . of an increase of 2,600,000l . navy debt , being wages , & c. owing to the crews of ships on foreign service ; a description of demand which must accumulate during a war . The remainder are demands under the head of army ordnance , and barracks , preferred , but not examined or allowed , and consequently not in a state for liquidation . It is obvious that claims of this description , varying in amount , must remain a floating charge from one year to another . It never has been , or ought to be the practice of parliament , to provide for demands in this shape where there was no special ground to suppose that payment could be made on them within the year . The provision has always been framed upon an estimate of the pro- 621 bable charge , strictly so called , of each year respectively ; and the funds of the year have been applied to defray such charges of the last , as could not come into a course of payment till the current year , leaving the corresponding demands to be issued in the following year.—The noble lord has chosen to make his attack on grounds which will furnish the same means of convicting himself , and hereafter indeed every past or future chancellor of the exchequer who does not think fit to waste the public money by raising a larger amount within the year than can possibly be applied.—I shall close this part of the subject by observing , that the ways and means of last year unexpended , will , I am persuaded , be found very largely to exceed any demands that can fairly be set against them ; and I therefore hope the noble lord will be prepared in a future year to distinguish the actual amount from what he now raises , and account for the whole , before he takes credit for any peculiar economy , if it should be found that a large sum remains unexpended at the close of the year.—I shall now proceed to state my objections to the course of our proceedings , not with any view to impede the grants in progress , but to take such notice of what appears to me to be a serious departure from the constitutional practice of parliament upon no case of necessity or adequate expediency first stated to the house , as may protect us hereafter against the repetition of so injurious a proceeding.—The noble lord has endeavoured to contend , that , provided money raised upon the subject does not pass from under the controul of this house , and provided the votes in appropriation of such monies to particular services do not exceed the quantum of supply previously voted by the house , every requisite principle is satisfied . In this I must differ from the noble lord . There are two principles in themselves perfectly distinct ; the one , that the public money shall not be applied without the express consent of parliament ; the other , that parliament shall not burthen the people unnecessarily , and consequently shall neither by loans or taxes , impose burthens in a committee of ways and means till the necessity for them has been ascertained by previous votes in the committee of supply . —In support of this doctrine , founded equally in good sense as in parliamentary usage