ratified ; it was of course , therefore , nugatory , and of no validity : of the remaining articles , the second , third , seventh , and ninth , contained recitals , the publication of which might be injurious to the welfare or the safety of other nations ; and , therefore , it had been thought expedient to withhold them . He could , at the same time , assure their lordships , that the articles had just alluded to , were merely conditional and prospective , and did not bear upon any of the points of the question respecting the late transactions upon the continent , which their lordships would have to discuss . With respect to the propriety of withholding these articles , he was convinced no other motive could be imputed to himself , 74 and those with whom he had the honour to act , than a desire to do nothing that should be in the least detrimental to any of those powers to whom the treaties referred . They could , indeed , have no other motive , as those who , in all probability , would shortly succeed to the offices occupied by himself and his colleagues , would have an opportunity of investigating the documents themselves , and of judging whether or not his majesty 's present ministers had been actuated by a proper caution in withholding them . With some of those noble lords , who would probably soon succeed to office , he had not the honour of being personally acquainted ; with respect to others , he could rely most confidently upon their candour and justice ; and even if they should be convinced that his majesty 's present ministers had been too cautious in this instance , he was satisfied they would do ample justice to the purity of the motives which actuated himself and his colleagues , when they inspected the documents which were now withheld , and which would then come into their possession . He was at the same time most anxious that every document which could with safety or propriety be produced , should be laid before the house , in order that the whole of the late transactions on the continent might be fully developed and laid open for discussion . He was ready to admit that the unfortunate issue of the late events on the continent , that that unfortunate transaction which put a period to the hopes derived from the employment of vast resources , demanded investigation ; but he was equally ready to declare that his Majesty 's ministers did not shrink from the discussion , that they wished to meet it fairly and fully in every part . It was still more his anxious wish that the discussion might take place , in order that the character of that illustrious statesman , that earnest and anxious patriot , whose loss they all deeply deplored , might be fully cleared , as it undoubtedly would be , from any imputation arising from the contemplation of the late unfortunate events on the continent . He was fully convinced , that the result of a such discussion would be a thorough justification of the plans of his majesty 's ministers , and a complete refutation of every attack made upon that illustrious statesman , in consequence of the unfortunate issue of a well-concerted plan . He should decline entering into any farther discussion of the subject at present ; when the papers were printed , a day would pro- 75 bably be fixed for the investigation of the subject , when he should enter at large into its consideration . The papers were then ordered to lie on the table . The duke of Norfolk urged the necessity of their being printed . Lord Hawkesbury replied , that being laid before the house by his majesty 's command , they would be printed by the king 's order . pursuant to notice , to move the thanks of the house to vice-admiral lord Collingwood , and the officers and men under his command , for their conduct in the action