felt on the subject , both by the gentlemen of the army and the volunteers . said , that as soon as he was prepared to bring the 502 business forward , he should name the day . The American Treaty bill , the Wool Exportation bill , the Mutiny bill , the English and Irish Militia bills , the Militia Subalterns bill , the Militia Adjutants bill , and the Scotch Bankrupt bill , were read a third time and passed.—On the motion of lord Eldor , the further consideration of the claims of the duke of Clarence and other royal dukes to the right of voting in the election of representative peers for Ireland , was fixed for Tuesday . after adverting to what had taken place on Wednesday relative to the Declaratory bill , observed , that he did not attend on that day in consequence of understanding that a noble and learned lord ( Ellenborough ) , not now in his place , would propose a clause specifically providing for the exceptions to the general principle and which was to be substituted for the proviso which he ( lord Eldon ) had proposed to their lordships . From what had happened however on that day , he was convinced that he must have misunderstood the intentions of the noble and learned lord to whom he had alluded , He was still of opinion that the bill , if passed in its present shape , might generate much mischief , and could he have conceived that no qualifying clause would have been proposed , he would have attended , in his place on Wednesday , and stood out to the last for the adoption of his proviso . As the business stood now , he must content himself with giving notice that if the bill came up from the house of commons without receiving any amendment that could bring the subject again into discussion , he should make a motion on the bill brought in by a noble lord ( Stanhope ) for the purpose of bringing the question again under their lordships ' consideration . after adverting to the causes which had given rise to the Declaratory bill , which he had had the honour to present to their lordships , contended that the general enactment contained in the bill , merely declared the law to be what the majority of the judges had stated it ; but did not take away any of those , privileges of demurrer which witnesses were previously allowed by law , or the power of the judge to decide on such grounds of demurrer according to the law 503 as previously defined and laid down . In framing the bill he took for its groundwork the language used by the noble and learned lord ( Eldon ) in the question referred to the judges , which question had been answered in the affirmative by a majority of those learned persons : if therefore there was a defect in the bill , it must arise from detective opinions delivered by the judges . still adhered to his former opinion relative to the operation of the bill . He thought however , it would be advisable if the bill was not amended in the house of commons to put a question to the judges for the purpose of ascertaining whether the exceptions to the general principles were saved or not under the general enacting words of the bill . one of the clerks of the privy council , presented at the bar , `` a Return of the total number of vacancies which have arisen in the Additional Force , by death or desertion , men reclaimed as deserters , or claimed as apprentices , or discharged as unfit for service , for the year preceding the 1st of Sept. 1805 , together with the number who had volunteered into the regular forces , for the year ending 1st of Oct. 1805 , pursuant to the 14th and 15th sect . of 44 Geo . III . cap . 56 . '' Ordered to be printed.— Mr. Burdon rose to submit a