it . But , without any reference to the forcible and outrageous manner in which France originally took possession of Hanover , it was clear that , at the time they un- 894 dertook to transfer it to Prussia , they did not hold it at all , for they were not in possession of that country , having evacuated the whole of it , with the exception of a single point . And unless the retention of that point ( the fortress of Hameln ) could be argued to imply a possession of the whole country , it would be absurd to attempt the maintaining , upon any principle of public justice , that the French held Hanover as a conquest at the time of the transfer so justly complained of . Therefore , the main ground of justification upon which Prussia seemed to rely for the validity of this transfer , must fall to the ground . Indeed the declaration of Prussia herself , in January , when she occupied Hanover , professedly , until the conclusion of pace , distinctly supported this argument , and recognized the principle she had asserted . And , upon no pretence whatever , could the unqualified way in which she afterwards acted towards that ill-fated country , be warranted . As to the probable result to Prussia herself of these events , and of the line of policy which she had so long thought proper to pursue , he firmly believed she would very soon find that she was miserably mistaken , that she would much better have consulted her own political security ; and sure he was , that she would have better maintained her importance and character , had she acted quite differently—had she given her aid , when that aid might have been effectual , towards restoring the safety of Europe . Still , however , if by any course of conduct Prussia could be released from her present situation , if she could be excited justly to appreciate her own interest , and to feel for her own safety , and if any alliance could be contrived which should induce her to act upon that feeling , it was important that this country should manifest a disposition to afford every possible assistance . Such was the policy which , he trusted , would be pursued ; for such , he was convinced , would be for the common interest . In every view of the subject , he was persuaded that the war , to which the address referred , was one of complete justice and absolute necessity ; and on these grounds he felt great satisfaction in supporting the motion.—The address was then carried nem . con . and was ordered to be presented to his majesty by such members of that house as were of his majesty 's privy council . rose , pursuant to notice , to move that the 895 order for printing the charge , presented the preceding day against the marquis Wellesley , rescinded . It could not , in his mind , or in that of any fair reflecting man , be consistent with justice that a charge against that noble lord , or any other person , should be published to the world , under the authority of that house , merely upon the allegation of guilt , unaccompanied by any proof whatever . He did not wish to throw any impediment in the way of the hon . gent . with whom this charge originated , or to discourage impeachment ; but he must observe , that the course pursued by the hon . gent . was the most singular that could be well imagined . This was the opinion which he delivered the preceding day , and he was not disposed to retract it . The hon . gent . had moved for volumes of papers respecting the conduct of lord Wellesley , most part of which had been already laid on the table , many of them delivered to the members in print—those relative to Oude , indeed , were now distributing at the door .