expiring laws bill . A new writ was ordered for the borough of Rye , in the room of Thomas Davis Lamb , esq . who has accepted the office of steward of the Chiltern hundreds.—The Secretary at War presented a return of the casualties , & c. in the army since the year 1801 . The total number of men raised Great Britain and Ireland , for unlimited service since the 1st of Jan. 1801 to the 28th Feb. 1806 ; and also , return of the casualties in the British army since the year 1801 , inclusive , distinguishing each year , and the casualties in the army at home from those in the army abroad , to the latest periods in the year 1805 , for which returns have been received from the several stations abroad . —Mr . Whitbread reported that he had presented in the house of lords the replication of the commons to the answer delivered in by lord Melville to the last article of Impeachment.—Ordered on the motion of Mr. Whitbread , that an address should be presented to his majesty , praying for a copy of the second report of the commissioners for revising the civil affairs of the navy.—A message from the lords stated , that their lordships had appointed Tuesday , the 29th of April , for the trial of lord viscount Melville , at the bar of their own house , and that arrangements would be made at the said bar for the convenience of the managers of the impeachment , & c.—On the motion of Mr. Whitbread , it was ordered , that managers should be appointed ; and that those managers should consist of the committee appointed to prepare the articles of impeachment . Also that Joseph Kaye and John Winter , esqrs . should be appointed solicitors for the conduct of the said impeachment.—Mr . Whitbread postponed till tomorrow his notice of a motion for the attendance of a committee of the whole house , upon the trial of lord Melville , in order to convenience an hon . gent . ( Mr. Saunders Dundas ) who was particularly interested 533 in this question , and who could not attend on this day . reported from the committee the following resolutions : —1 . `` That 693,076l . 15s.9d . be granted to his majesty , for paying off and discharging certain annuities , after the rate of 5 per cent . per annum , being part of the annuities granted by two acts of the 37th and 42d years of his present majesty ; and that the said sum be issued and paid without any fee or other deduction whatsoever.—2 . That 2,381l . 17s . 6d . be granted to discharge the annuity granted to his late royal highness the duke of Gloucester , from the time it was last paid to the day of H. R. H. 's death . 3 . That 51,250l . 14s . be granted , for defraying , the expence of making an Inland Navigation from the eastern to the western sea , by Inverness and Fort William , for the year 1806.—4 . That 10,250l . 14s . be granted , to be applied in further execution of an act , of the 43d year of his present majesty , towards repairing and maintaining roads and bridges in the highlands of Scotland , for the year 1806.—5 . That 1,934l . 4s . 5d . be granted , for defraying bills of the usher of the court of exchequer for supplying the court and officers with stationery , & c. for the year 1806.—6 . That 4,994l . 1s . 8d . be granted , for defraying the charge of the works and repairs of the military roads in North Britain , for the year 1806.—7 . That 48,329l . be granted , for defraying the expences attending the confining , maintaining and employing Convicts at home , for the year 1806—8 . That 10,000l . be granted , for defraying the expence that may be incurred for reprinting , in the proportion of 8 volumes a