by which persons receiving not more than 30s . a week , or 5s . on any one day , should be exempted altogether from the operation of the bill . He likewise meant to propose , that the scale of exemptions which now was carried from incomes of 50l . to incomes of 100l . should be extended to incomes of 150l . ; applying the same principle as in the former case . Having said thus much , he should move that the Speaker do leave the chair . expressed his intention , when the amendments were printed , and the bill should again come under the consideration of the house , to offer some observations on it . He thought that the landed interest would suffer materially by it as it now stood , and he was anxious for some qualification of the hardships to which it subjected them . declared that , he was one of those who opposed this measure from the very beginning . Although he could not but be sensible that the situation of the country rendered the duty of his hon . friends very embarrassing ; and although he did not feel disposed to increase this embarrassment , by opposing this or any of their other bills , yet as he had so frequently on former occasions expressed his disapprobation of the principle on which the present bill was founded , he could not allow it to be supposed by the public , that any change of men had produced a change in his opinion of this measure . When it should again be brought forward , he would deliver his sentiments upon it . As to the encrease to 10 per cent . he confessed that that was with him no material objection to the bill . lamented the operation of this tax , as it would affect a large and meritorious class of tradesmen in this metropolis ; he meant those whose incomes were below 200l . a year : Not only the burthen of the tax itself would be a very inconvenient reduction of their means of subsistance , but the exposure of their circumstances would be oppressive to their feelings , and detrimental to their interests . hoped to have heard of more numerous exemptions ; he was however sensible of the absolute necessity 922 of rendering the tax productive , and he was unwilling to oppose those who had accepted of offices of high responsibility in difficult and dangerous times . would not have the farming interests forgotten : the farmer was a tradesman , and was entitled to as much indulgence in his rustic engagements , as his competitors in the great towns of the kingdom . trusted , that in the variety of objections gentlemen adduced , they would not forget two things of essential importance ; the produce and the practical effect of the tax . As to its operation on land , it might be resembled to the old land-tax , and perhaps by this familiar view of it , gentlemen would be less disposed to give it their opposition.—The house then went into the committee , and the amendments were read and agreed to . The report was ordered to be taken into consideration on Friday , [ STIPENDIARY CURATES ' BILL . ] Mr. Perceval moved the order of the day for the 2d reading of this bill . objected to it on the ground of its placing the property of the church too much in the power of the bishops . They had the same passions with other men , and their conduct had at different times , been too much characterised by ambition and the love of power . The present bill professed to be designed for the relief of Curates ; but he had heard that several of that order had designed to present a petition against it . He contended that it would be better to vote a small sum for the purpose of encreasing the livings of Curates , by , adding to queen Anne 's bounty , than that the present bill should pass .