nothing prospectively . The general opinion I alluded to , was given near 30 years ago , and to that opinion the worthy chairman was then , bonâ fide , as much a party as myself . observed , that the few words of explanation which had just fallen from his hon . friend , rendered it less necessary for him to enter particularly upon this subject . He had understood him precisely as his explanation imported . He agreed that we were not now to revert to original theories ; but when we were examining into the causes of important events which were extremely complicated in their nature , it was somewhat difficult to do so without , in some measure , adverting to such original theories . He , however , did not mean to say that any altera- 215 tion ought at present to take place in the general system of Indian government as now , by law , established . He had occasion to state at a former time , that there was a wide difference between disapproving of measures at their commencement , and afterwards rescinding them when they had been some time in practice . This he had said with regard to the union with Ireland . He had strongly disapproved of that measure when it was proposed , because he was then convinced it was a bad one , and was still convinced that it would have been much better for the country if it had never taken place . He had also disapproved of the plan for the government of India , but what he had said with regard to the union with Ireland , he now said respecting this plan of Indian government . It was , in his opinion , a bad one from the beginning , but as it had been adopted and acted upon , it was not now to be lightly rescinded . In ninety-nine cases of this nature out of a hundred , it was better to put up with many inconveniences arising from the first adoption of a measure , than hazard worse evils by premature and ill-considered alterations and innovations . This was his opinion.—Now , the hon . gent . had said something about a committee to investigate the rise and progress of the debt . This was the first time he had heard of any such committee . But when he said this , he begged leave to be considered as not pledging himself in any way upon the subject . however , upon examining into the state of the finances of the company , there should be any thing which , though clear to the hon . gent. , might not be so clear to the house in general , he did not say but that in such a case he might think a committee extremely advisable . If , on the other hand , the accounts should place the matter in a plain and clear light , the appointment of a committee would be an useless trouble.—Now , with respect to the details of this debate , he , speaking on the part of the public , would certainly say , that it was a most monstrous proposition to assert that in the Year 1803 , the state of the company was highly , affluent and prosperous . To be sure the act of 1793 only applied to the surplus of the produce . But then it supposed that such a surplus was likely to exist , otherwise it would have been perfectly nugatory from the beginning . We were surely to conclude , that there might be a surplus in such case . This certainly was not too much . But when we find that 216 from 1793 to 1803 , a period of ten years , no surplus had in fact existed , and that nothing had been done on the provisions of the act of parliament , such a long experience might be sufficient to convince us that the affairs of the company had not been in the very flourishing state in which they had been asserted