the petitioners of necessity felt themselves compelled to apply to the house for its repeal . They stated in their petition , that of the whole number which the county , under the act , was called on to raise , only eleven had been procured by parish officers ; which had not arisen from any neglect on the part of the overseers , but from the impossibility of carrying the provisions of the act into execution . The petition also stated , that in consequence , a sum of 6,620l . had been imposed on the county for penalties , which operated as an oppressive and unjust burthen upon the landed interest , and was particularly severe upon the small farmers . The hon . member , after thus stating the substance of the petition , declared , that under such circumstances , he should have felt it his duty to submit a motion to the house for the repeal of the bill , if the subject had not been taken up by the hon . member ( Mr. Sheridan ) , who had given a notice respecting it , and who was far better qualified for the task than he was . At the same time , however , that he felt satisfaction at seeing the business in such able hands , he could not let slip the present occasion of calling the attention of gentlemen opposite , and particularly of the noble lord who had last night spoken on the subject , and intimated an intention of his majesty 's ministers to make some alterations in the bill , to the matter of this petition . He was convinced that the measure was impracticable , and that nine tenths of the landed interest of the country would not be satisfied without the total repeal of it . Experience had proved it totally insufficient to the object which it was designed to accomplish , and in its operation it had been found a grievous , unfair , and unjust imposition upon landed property , and very unequal in different parishes . He had but one observation more , to make , and that was , 27 that whatever a man 's property in the public funds might be , he was not called on to find a single man ; a circumstance that shewed how heavily the pressure must fall upon landed property . He hoped , therefore , that his majesty 's ministers would re-consider the subject , before they formed any determination to continue such an act under any modifications.—The petition was then brought up , and ordered to lie on the table . It stated , 'that the petitioners , finding that , in pursuance of an act passed in the 44th year of his majesty 's reign , intituled , `` an act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional force for the defence of the realm , and to provide for augmenting his majesty 's regular forces , and for the gradual reduction of the militia of England , '' eleven men only have been raised in the said county by the overseers , and the enormous sum of 6,620l . has been imposed upon the county for penalties , beg to represent their opinion , that this failure in raising the men has not been owing to the neglect of the overseers , but to an impossibility of procuring them by men whose duties and occupations are inconsistent with such an employment ; and they corceive that levying fines upon parishes , because the overseers fail in doing what is not in their power to do , is inconsistent with justice , operates as a partial and oppressive tax upon the occupiers of landed property , and increases the parish rates , which are already a burthen severely felt , particularly by small farmers , and inferior tradesmen ; and therefore praying , that the said act may be repealed . ' The order of the day being read , for taking his majesty 's speech 28 into consideration , Mr. Huskisson moved , that a supply be granted to his majesty