and learned gent . concluded With stating that he could not conceive the least mischief likely to arise to the freedom of election merely from the candidates paying the expense incurred by the carriage of poor voters to the hustings , while very great evil was to be apprehended , if , by disqualifying candidates for merely defraying such expences , a vast number of voters should be precluded from the exercise of their franchise . rose and said : —Mr . Speaker ; The unexpected mention , which the learned gent . has made of me by name , and of my hon . friend the present representative of the city of Coventry , makes it indispensibly necessary to set my hon . friend and myself right on this subject . The learned gent . has been led into a great error concerning some supposed facts , which he has asserted , and he has done us great injustice . I had not the advantage of hearing the first part of his speech , and therefore I know not , nor am I able to conjecture on what evidence he makes such assertions . Whatever it may be , I assure him it is false . On this point I can not be mistaken , because it is impossible I should ever forget the contested election at Tewksbury in 1796 , or any material passage in that transaction . In truth , I have too much reason to remember it . The calumnies , 510 to which he alludes , and which in the first instance were passionately and most indecently delivered from the bench , and propagated afterwards with great industry in the newspapers , have been publicly refuted , and ought to have been forgotten long ago , But it is in the nature of calumny , not indeed ultimately and always to survive truth , but , to live and lurk in the dark , and , when an interval has elapsed sufficient , in appearance at least , to furnish a probable security against detection or to escape contradiction , to revive with new malice , and endeavour to do its dirty work again . I am far from attributing that intention to the learned gent. , but I say he is deceived , and that the information he has given the house is not true . He supposes that my hon . friend and I had been convicted of a contract , by which he was bound to bear the whole expence of the contest , and that such contract was illegal . Whether it would have been so or not , is immaterial , because in fact there was no such agreement . My hon . friend , I know , did incur a much greater expence than I did in the course of that transaction ; because he was engaged very long before I had any concern in it , and because he managed every thing . What I affirm is that my proper share of that expence was paid by myself . The generous ardour , with which lord Kenyon maintained the moderate demands of the innocent inn-keepers against us , whom he charged in terms with a plot first to corrupt and then to cheat them , does honour to his moral character . At sight of virtue in distress , that worthy judge 's passions were always ready to take fire . Unluckily for my hon , friend and me , he was not at all a political judge . If the Treating act , as it then stood , vacated any action , and ought to have non-suited any plaintiff for the expences in question , I presume it was the duty of the judge to advert to such act , and to let the law take its course , even against his own tender feelings for the plaintiff . All I know is , that lord Kenyon did not take notice of it , that he gave a violent and reproachful charge to the jury against us , and that in the end we paid the full