skill , whom he had consulted , were perfectly adverse to the system . He disapproved highly of encroaching upon the Volunteer system . No less than 300,000 men had voluntarily come forward , and had already proved themselves extremely serviceable to the country , and were by this change totally unfixed and unhinged . Was this a proper time for such dangerous experiments , when the enemy might attempt invasion during the course of the summer ? The hon . general then spoke in high terms of the efficiency of the Volunteers , many of whom he had had the honour of commanding . He denied that the Levy en Masse would be the means of recruiting the army . said , that he was ready to prove that every man that had been raised for Denbighshire , was procured by means of a crimp . Lancashire , therefore , taking that fact and the statement of the hon . general together , had almost all the honour of carrying into effect the provisions of the Defence act . said a few words in favour of the bill . observed , that charges against officers in a most respectable and highly honourable situation should not be lightly made . An hon . gen. ( Tarleton ) had accused some of the most highly confidential officers under government with thwarting the intentions of his majesty 's ministers , whom it was their duty to support ; he had , in fact , impeached them with a sort of under-handed work which thwarted the designs of the legislature for the defence of the country . in explanation , said that he did not intend to accuse any lord lieutenant of thwarting the intentions of government . said , he would not then enter into a detailed statement of his sentiments with respect to the plan now submitted to the house . He could not for a moment , however , suppose that the right hon . secretary of state ( Mr. Windham ) had ever entertained the strange idea that seemed to be attributed to him , of suffering men to ask for their discharge , neither could he suppose that the right hon . secretary entertained so mean an idea of the character of a soldier as to imagine that he could think of asking for his discharge , while his brothers in arms had military duty to perform . stated the causes of the petition from Berkshire , for the repeal of the Additional Force bill , and maintained that the principle of that bill was impracticable . alluding to what had fallen from an hon . general , spoke in justification of the conduct of the lords lieutenants of counties in regard to their exertions under the Additional Force act . said , he thought the limited service would operate as a great inducement to men continuing in the army , and would be the means of preventing desertion , which had now become too frequent . professed himself friendly to the principle of limited service.—Leave was then given to bring in a bill to repeal the Additional Force bill . At 2 o'clock the house adjourned to Monday the 14th instant . The Irish Militia Service bill passed through a committee , and was reported.—The Irish First Fruits bill , the Irish Treasury Bills bill , the British Fisheries Encouragement bill , were brought from the commons and were severally read a first time.—Lord Grenville moved that the committee appointed to search the journals for precedents of proceedings in cases of Impeachment , be instructed to consider of the best mode of proceeding on the trial of lord viscount Melville , and do report there on.—Ordered . presented , `` an Account of the sums which remained in the Exchequer on the 1st Jan. 1805 , being part of the grants of parliament for the service of the Ordnance for the year 1804 , specifying the proportion remaining of each grant ; and also an Account of the unappropriated balance in the hands of the Treasurer of the Ordnance , being part of the said grants ,