to make the bill as generally and as purely declaratory as possible , and without reference to any proceeding then before that , or the other house of parliament . Their lordships , however , would have an opportunity of more minutely considering the bill , on the 2d reading . He had rendered its language and tenour as guarded as possible , and he could not help flattering himself , that , with the assistance he should receive in perfecting the measure , from his noble and learned friend , he should be able to make it so as to meet the approbation of their lordships . After a few further remarks , in which he noticed what had been thrown out , as to affording , in certain circumstances , an ulterior protection to witnesses , and the consideration whether the present moment , were the fittest for such an enacting bill , he presented his declaratory measure , which was intituled , `` An act to declare the law with respect to Witnesses being liable to answer . '' His lordship then moved , `` that the bill be read a first time ; '' which was accordingly done ; and afterwards ordered to be printed . made a few remarks on the nature of the opinions delivered by the learned Judges ; of whom , seven , out of the eleven who delivered their opinions regularly , were , as the noble lord on the woolsack stated ; at the same time , it should be recollected , that those who delivered a contrary opinion , did it as a general rule of law , which they admitted liable to many exceptions . This seemed , in the sentiment of the noble and learned lord , 362 to be an additional reason in favour of such a bill as his noble friend proposed . His lordship then alluded to a clause or provision , in effect , as he had stated on a former evening , which he should conceive necessary to propose , on the 2d reading of the bill . Lord Holland observed , that in the course of the various discussions respecting the subject involved in this bill , several objections had been made to the bill which he had hitherto forebore to notice , but on which he could not avoid troubling their lordships with a few words , before he moved to discharge the order on it . After giving a short detail of the progress of the indemnity bill brought in last session , and of the bill now before the house , together with the questions referred to the Judges , and their opinions , he contended , that the present bill had been mistated by the noble and learned lord ( Eldon ) , on a former occasion , to be an ex post facto law , neither was it the object of the bill , to alter the law as already existing . Those who had framed the bill , had done it with the best views and the best intentions , and in supporting the bill in that house , he had no other object than that complete justice should be done in the case to which it referred . He wished their lordships to keep in mind the precise grounds on which the bill stood ; if a witness in any suit in a court of law was interested , he might be rendered a competent witness by means of a release ; the present bill would have operated as a release to certain witnesses , of any debts which might be due from them to the crown . It was here that , according to the law , as stated by a majority of the Judges , and as about to be declared by the bill presented by his noble and learned friend , that a witness could not demur to a question on the ground , that the answer would render him liable to a civil action for a debt , but the bill went away to release the witnesses in the case