with him in many essential points ; and , after arguing the question for some time , he declared that hi felt himself precluded altogether from giving any vote on the occasion . said , that if the question before the house were to be influenced by the expectation of having the papers which were moved for , laid upon the table in a short time , he thought it a duty to state his opinion that this expectation could not be fulfilled . The court of directors was always 947 eager to obey the orders of the house : there would be no intentional delay , but the papers moved for both by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) and the hon . general ( sir A. Wellesley ) were so voluminous , that it was not possible to get them prepared in a very short time . Mr. Grant said there would also be a necessity for calling for other papers , because the hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) had in his speech that night , and formerly , advanced positions respecting the causes of the company 's debt , and particularly the alledged increase of it from supplying funds for the commerce of the company which he ( Mr. Grant ) had before combated , and which he should feel it to be his duty , if no one else would undertake it , fully to disprove by documents to be called for from the India house . In like manner , the hon . general appeared to have , in the list of papers moved for by him , included some which seemed to bear upon certain points in the conduct of the court of directors lately animadverted upon in that house ; and it might be necessary to move for additional papers in order to bring those points fully before the house . He alluded particularly to a reference which had been made on a former night by an hon . gent . ( Mr. W. Pole ) to a proposed dispatch of the court of directors upon which that hon . gent . had been pleased to arraign them , although that dispatch was not before the house , although the house would not admit it to be produced , and although the hon . gent . acknowledged he had not read it.—With respect to the question now under consideration , Mr. Grant said , the inclination of his mind was that the charge should not be printed until it was accompanied by the documents on which the proof of it rested . Feeling this to be the fair and candid way of proceeding , he would avow his opinion , because having unfortunately had occasion to take rather a prominent part in many of these questions , and being likely to see it his duty to do so again , he found his only support , in the painful predicament in which so much collision with the feelings and opinions of others placed him , to be , in the consciousness of honestly following the dictates of his own mind . in explanation , said that when he had before delivered his opinion , he conceived that the hon . gent . would have withdrawn his motion , but he now thought , that the motion lately made by his hon . friend , reconciled every thing , and he would support it . desired to he informed , what mode of proceeding he should adopt , as he did not wish to persist against the sense of the house ? wished to know the hon . gent . 's object before he gave any opinion , namely , whether the hon . gent . meant to withdraw his motion , or put it to the vote ? expressed his willingness to yield to the wishes of the house . Therefore , although contrary to his own opinion , he should , agreeably to what appeared to be the prevailing sentiment , consent to withdraw his motion . observed that his motion was in the hands of