, in some degree , exhausted by a discussion certainly of much local importance to the country . He should barely state the heads of the charges he meant to bring forward , and the manner in which he meant to proceed in following them up . It might possibly be asked of him , why he had volunteered in this business ? or why he had not left it to the discretion of the India directors themselves , to have instituted proceedings , as being the parties to whom that duty most properly belonged ? To this he would answer , that finding the India directors , to sonic of whom he had applied on the subject , averse to urge any proceeding , he certainly did volunteer , and more especially in the case of the Nabobs of Oude and Ferruckabad , because he was intimately acquainted , from his own knowledge , with the whole of the circumstances , and therefore felt it his duty to bring the matter forward . Before he had determined so to do , he had applied to that body , whose treasures the noble marquis hail so profusely squandered , whose orders he had so uniformly transgressed , and whose authority he had so totally disregarded ; but they had declined the proceeding . It was not a task he had undertaken as one agreeable to himself , or which could yield him any personal satisfaction , but one which he had assumed upon public grounds alone , and under a sense of imperious duty as a member of parliament . The task had been to him extremely arduous . It was one which the court of directors were in duty bound to have undertaken ; and by their refusal to do so , he had no hesitation in saving , they adopted the crimes of the marquis Wellesley . Still however , where there was shame , there might in tune be virtue , and the directors at last seem to be sensible of their former dereliction of duty : —some excuse for their conduct , might however be found , on the ignorance they were so long kept by the criminal withholding of the documents by the accused nobleman . Since he had given notice of his intention to bring forward the accusation , and evinced his determination to follow up his purpose , the court of directors were so sensible of the criminality of that noble lord , that they had drawn up an indictment against him , abounding with charges of the most criminal and flagitious nature , and in terms as 853 strong as ever were submitted to the decision of a court of criminal judicature . In bringing forward those charges at the present moment , he lamented , extremely the absence of a noble lord ( lord Folkestone ) , who had done so much honour to himself and to the cause of justice , by his conduct on this occasion , and who , had he been present , would have given hint the most cordial support ; and nothing but a state of illness , which rendered him unable to . attend , could have occasioned his absence , that night . For the manner , in which the . Charge was drawn up , he must beg leave to apologize , and to appeal to the indulgence of the house . its merit or demerit was exclusively his own . Scarcely , known , as he was to the house , and unaided . by any associated support or influence that could tend to facilitate his purpose , he felt touch difficulty to form his charges : for any professional aid on the occasion he had not applied . In the course he had adopted , he had endeavoured , to the best of his judgment , to found himself on precedent . He should read the statement containing those charges to the house , as part of his speech , awl should lay them upon the table , then it would be his object to move , that they be