chair . Who the in- 941 dividuals alluded to were , he could not tell ; but , with respect to himself he had moved to discharge the order for printing the charges , not merely from any objection to their appearing in print , but because the printing of the charges could answer no purpose , unless they were accompanied by the evidence upon which they were to be supported . Certainly , in some of the papers since produced , there was much matter which appeared to support some of the hon . gent 's charges against the noble marquis ; for instance , the paper No . 8 ; and so far as that went , the objection to priming now was less strong than upon the former occasion . But the grand principle upon which he had first resisted the printing of the charges before the whole evidence was ready , was very little abated even yet . The hon . gent . had moved for 40 other documents not yet before the house ; an honourable relative of the noble marquis had also moved for 40 other documents on the part of the defence , not yet forthcoming . These , whenever they were produced , would still remain to be printed . The hon . gent . had said , that if the India directors would do their duty , they could bring forward those papers in a day or two . He had , however , the assurance of persons very conversant in India business , that it would be impossible to produce them in the course of the present session . Now , in such a case , would it be proper that the charges should go forth in print unaccompanied-by the testimony upon which they Were avowedly founded ? It was upon the ground of this defect that he had abstained from reading any part of the charges , or the documents hitherto produced , until he should have the whole before him , He should then have no objection to printing the charges , as then they would come fairly . forward for consideration . adverted to the four precedents alluded to by the hon . mover , and contended that they made against the order of his proceeding . In the case of lord Coningsbv , the evidence was previously brought and laid upon the table . Four years before the impeachment of Mr. Hastings , a committee was appointed , to enquire into his conduct , and made their report against him ; after which , Mr. Burke came down to the house , and after the report was received , moved that it should be printed before he exhibited the articles of charge . In the third case , that of sir 942 Elijah Impey , the house had , two years before the artices were printed , voted an address to majesty , praying for his recall ; and , lastly , in lord Melville 's case , the house had before it fulland complete evidence in the several reports of the naval commissioners . He said he did not mean to give any opposition to the motion , though he thought it right to let the hon . gent . see that he was not supported by his precedents ; but as he understood that there were some of the papers moved for , which could not possibly be produced in the course of the present session , the house , he thought , should pause before they gave public circulation to the charge . declared his opinion to be decidedly in favour of printing the charge , and he could not help considering the treatment experienced by the hon . member who brought them forward , as extremely harsh : for instead of stretching out to him the hand of encouragement to prosecute enquiry in the cause of justice against a person high in power , he had met with nothing but discouragement ; he had been thwarted and embarrassed in every step he had taken ; nay , exposed almost to personal disrespect