motives , all human action must cease.—These however , sir , are the evils of original enlistment ; we now come to the rt . hon . gent 's . re-enlistment , after the first peril of service is over . He has not told us whether he intends to give a new bounty ; if so , woe to the discipline if the regiment so long as that bounty is in a course of expenditure ! But I acknowledge that I rather understood him not to in end to give a bounty : and in that case comes he rt . hon . gent 's . master-piece ; in that case he result of his deep knowledge and study of human nature is brought . to light ! The rt . hon . gent . dives deep into the recesses of he human heart , to discover that temptation which after 7 years experience of military hardships , is likely to overbalance in the hind of the soldier all the allurements of retirement , safety , and repose . The rt . hon . gent . dived so deep that he was long mat of sight , and when we almost began to dispair of his re-appearance , we behold him merging above the surface with a pot of ale in his hand ! A pot of ale per week is that upon which the rt . hon . gent . thinks he may entirely rely , for securing to the army those services which it is the essence of his plan to release.—If , sir , the rt . hon . gent . is so satisfied of the perfection of his projects , if he is confident that the advantages which he Proposes will not be counterbalanced by any of the inconveniencies which we apprehend , if he thinks the indefinite . enlistments so , serous and unreasonable , and service for a 987 limited period so certain a remedy and so safe a practice ; I , can not forbear expressing my surprise , that he should not think of applying . this change to the existing regular army . He has expressly told us that it is not his intention to do so ; and he tells us in defence of this seeming inconsistency , that the existing army having entered into a contract for indefinite service , has no claim to release or mitigation . I confess , sir , I can not entirely agree with the rt . hon . gent . in his construction of this contract . I doubt whether in fair construction , he who enters in a state of life which may subject him to many contingent hardships , does not become entitled to . any contingent advantages which may belong to it . But , be this : as it may , I am very ' sure that the rt . hon . gent . is the last person who could consistently hold the existing army to is own construction of the contract . He who contends that enlistment , hitherto has been a trade of trick on one side , and delusion on the other ; he , who considers these tricks and delusions as one main ground for an alteration of system , can not surely mean to exclude from the benefit of that alteration , the very case which has given rise to it , and when he has applied a remedy to the grievance , refuse it to those , and to those only , who are the individuals aggrieved.— The rt . hon . gent . has another answer and a better : `` To extend this indulgence to the present army would be attended with considerable inconvenience to the public service . '' I accept this answer on this part of the rt . hon . gent 's . plan , and I must beg leave to . apply it to almost every other . If it would be attended with considerable public inconvenience to limit the service of the existing army , is there no inconvenience in recruiting that army with men