the astonishment expressed by the hon . member in rising to answer the speech of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) ; and in the whole of what had fallen from that right hon . gent. , his opinion so fully coincided , that he felt it unnecessary to add any thing further upon points so ably and so eloquently elucidated . The noble lord who brought forward this motion , had professed , that he had no intention thereby to criminate the conduct of marquis Wellesley . He was willing to give the noble lord full credit for sincerity in his declaration ; but yet he thought it was impossible , if those papers were produced , but that they must give rise to opinions injurious to his character , and strongly tend to excite prejudices against him . The document alluded to certainly was laid upon the table of the court of proprietors , by an hon . gent . who certainly conceived it to be a confidential communication . It had , by some underhand means , he understood , found its way into print , and it contained a series of opinions in condemnation of the conduct of 821 lord Wellesley , from the time he first set foot in India , upon a variety of points totally unconnected with the matters now in charge , and consequently irrelevant , and going only to excite general prejudice , in order to influence any decision that might take place upon the particular points in question . The house , therefore , in acceding to the motion for such a paper , at this moment , would , in his opinion , do an act of the grossest injustice , for which they could make no reparation , but by directing that all the documents upon which the court of directors had founded thee opinions , should be laid before them . He therefore , should oppose the motion . having felt himself particularly alluded to in the course of the debate , thought himself called on to state his feelings and opinions . The house , in refusing to comply with the noble lord 's motion , would voluntarily shut its own eyes and keep itself in darkness and ignorance when the fullest information was absolutely necessary . If he had been heretofore backward in moving to bring those documents forth , it was not because he thought them unimportant or unnecessary , but in deference to the opinions of the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Fox ) , the weight of whose talents and influence he understood would be against him . But now that the motion was brought before the house , it placed him in quite a different situation . Notwithstanding the resistance given to the noble lord , he was convinced , if the house did but even suspect what were the contents of the documents moved for , and the importance of the question it would be so speedily called to discuss , it would be extremely anxious to have them produced . The embarrassed situation of the company 's affairs in consequence of the wars in India , was well known to the house . It was equally well known , that differences of opinion had long subsided between the court of directors , and the board of controul , respecting Indian affairs ; and that the directions forwarded to India by the court of directors had not been obeyed . But when the house was told that the Indian system was to be reformed , that the board of controul was to be changed , and that an entirely new system was to be adopted , was it not important the house should be put in possession of the opinions of the court of directors , as to what were the errors of the former system , in order to judge how India ought to be governed ? Was it 822 not of high importance that a declaration on this subject , signed by 29 independent men , out of the 30 appointed under an act