was not so absolutely necessary in a judge as had been imagined ; but then he said , that there was always a remedy in case of error . But the point was , to guard , if possible , against all chance of error from any bias of the judge in the first instance . The right hon . gent . 's argument went to this extent : suppose the case of a libel ; he said , that the matter did not so much rest with the judge as with the jury , and after all a new trial might be granted . But , was that the way in which the right hon . gent . thought a great constitutional question ought to be treated ? Was that the way in which a measure ought to be discussed , which , by his own admission , had made so great an impression on the feelings of the country But then he said , that in the agitation of particular questions in the Cabinet , the noble and learned lord might , if it was thought expedient , avoid attending . This might undoubtedly be the case ; but was this the sort of security which ought to be enjoyed in this free country ? The right hon . gent . had found fault with these motions , because they were so moderate , and spoke the simple truth , and nothing but the truth . It was well known there was no positive law existing at present which opposed this measure , and therefore it could not properly perhaps be called illegal , and it might not be correct to call it unconstitutional till the point was clearly established . But what he said was , that it was extremely inconvenient , and contrary to the principles of reason and common sense , that the judicial and executive powers should be combined in the same person . As to the point of suspicion , it was certain that no man was obliged to remove from a situation where he was useful , merely because others chose to suspect him without reason . But if , however , an alarm was by this means occasioned relative to a matter of such great importance as the present , and if it was not necessary or very expe- 302 dient that the cause of such alarm , however unfounded , should exist , he thought it was proper that it should become a legislative object , and that every occasion of suspicion should be done away . He was surprised to hear from the right lion . gent . who was a lawyer , that it was a matter of no great consequence that suspicions should exist respecting the independence of a judge . There would always , in such a case , be doubts respecting the justice of his decisions ; therefore , though there might be a remedy , it was better that there should be in the first instance no cause even for suspicion of a bias . But the right hon . gent . complained not only of the terms of the motions , but said that they did not go far enough in practice ; for , in order to be effectual they ought to go so far as to deprive a lord chief justice not only of a place in the Cabinet , but also of his place in the privy council , and of his peerage . He would not , however , enter particularly on this point . But with regard to the Cabinet , the right hon . gent . said , that it was not recognized by the constitution , and that , in fact , it was nothing else than a select committee of the privy council , called at the discretion of his majesty . He never heard a more untenable proposition . In a free country such as this , where a controul was necessary , and where responsibility must necessarily lodge somewhere , were we at this day to be turned round by being told that