of that letter as relates to the treaties with the Nabobs of Oude and Furruckabad , because of the subjects discussed , in the letter those only had been to that tune brought before the house , and the ground upon which I thought those parts of the letter ought to be laid before the house , was this , that as the house had ordered , without objection or discussion , the production of another document which expressed , under the signatures of the committee of the court of directors , the approbation of those transactions entertained by the board of cool , missioners ; which document had of course made its own impression on the house there seemed an obvious principle which for bad the withholding another document . which expressed the disapprobation enter- 877 tained of the same transactions by the court of directors . But , sir respecting the whole of that letter , after what has been said of it , I desire to acknowledge my full share of any censure that may be thought due to it . They ability with which it is written , is far beyond any to which I have the least pretention , but I approved of every part of it , and never gave my assent to any measure , or put my name to any paper with a more perfect consciousness of doing what was right , and what my duty required of me . That it will be answered , and most ably answered , I have no doubt ; and if the answer shall disprove or do away the facts , or any of them , which it states , or convince me , that my view of them has been erroneous , and the answer founded upon it unjust , I shall be most ready and happy to acknowledge it . But , sir , I believe there are facts , stubborn and afflicting facts , stated in that letter , which no eloquence can disprove . I have been at all times ready to Acknowledge the great merit , and splendid services Which distinguished the early part of the marquis Wellesley 's career in India , and I felt proportionate regret at seeing the lustre of those services obscured by the system he afterwards pursued . Respecting the procedure before the house , and the dilemma in which we are placed , I always thought that the most proper course for the hon . gent . to pursue , would have been first to place his documents on the table , and then to move for their being referred to a committee for investigation ; and , I should yet hope , that we may tread tack the steps taken this evening , and the dilemma be got rid of in the mode proposed by the learned gent . below ( Mr. Perceval ) .—There is one point in the hon . gent . 's speech ( Mr. W. Pole ) , which I think must have arisen from his misconception . He laid considerable stress on my hon . friend near me ( Mr . It . Thornton ) having Stated that the letter had been approved by 29 out of 30 directors , as if my hon . friend had included , as directors , those gentlemen who were out by rotation : but this is easily cleared up , by merely stating the fact that the letter was approved in court , and sent up to the board of commissioners in the beginning of April , and after the annual election was laid before the court of directors , again and again approved , so that 29 out of 30 directors had given it their approbation . said , he was not disposed to retract a single syllable of what he had 878 asserted on India affairs . His observations had been solely directed to the Carnatic , and he had not even mentioned the name of marquis Wellesley in the course of them . His charge was not against this foreign resident ; it was against the board of