merely from civil process on account of the application of public money , but also on account of debts due from such witness to private individuals . On the contrary , he conceived the bill to apply solely in its enactments , as it certainly did in intention , to the discharging such witness from process on account of public money . admitted that the bill did not apply to merely private debts . He , however , wished to put the case of transactions arising originally out of the employment of public money , becoming so far transactions between individuals as to give rise to debts which could only be a subject of contention between those individuals by whom and to whom they were contracted.—After some further explanation between lord Eldon and lord Holland , the questions were referred to the judges , who requested time till Thursday se'nnight to consider of them . expressed a wish that an earlier day might be appointed for the judges to deliver their opinion , which he thought would be practicable , as questions similar to the present were referred to the learned judges last session . said , that the delay asked by the judges was , he conceived , no more than ought fairly to be allowed , considering the variety of avocations by which their time would in the mean while be occupied . The sessions at the Old Bailey would intervene , which would necessarily employ the time of some of the learned judges and , upon questions of such importance as these , they would 172 naturally wish to deliberate upon them when all of them were present . He said this merely to shew that it was the other avocations of the judges which prevented an earlier day from being fixed.—It was then ordered , that the judges should attend on Thursday se'nnight , to which day the second reading of the bill was postponed , and the lords ordered to be summoned for that day . adverting again to the importance of the law considerations which the bill gave rise to , intimated the probability , that upon further turning over the subject in his mind , he should feel it incumbent on him to move for a committee to search for precedents . In case such should be his determination , he proposed to give notice of it to-morrow , and to move it on the subsequent day . On the motion of Mr. Francis , a new writ was ordered for Apple-by , in the room of Mr. Courtenay , who has been appointed one of the lords of the treasury.—A new writ was ordered , on the motion of Mr . Pole Carew , for Worcester , in the room of Wm . Lygon , esq . now lord Beauchamp.—Mr . Fox was introduced by lord Henry Petty and Mr. Whitbread , and took the oaths and his seat.—Sir P. Stevens presented , pursuant to order , an account of the contracts for spirits , with the terms , & c. from 5th July 1803 , to 5th Jan. 1806.—A bill for erecting a workhouse , and making certain arrangements with respect to the poor in the parish of St. Sepulchre , was brought in by sir J. Anderson , and read a first time.—Mr . Lee moved , `` that there be laid before this house , an account of the number of writs issued out of the courts of King 's Bench and common Pleas , in Ireland , for the last 4 years , commencing the 1st day of Michaelmas term 1801 , and distinguishing the numbers issued out of each court during each year . '' Ordered.—Lord H. Petty gave notice , that he would , to-morrow , move that the house do adjourn to Monday next ; and also , that on that day he should move for a revival of the committee for investigating the joint account between great Britain and Ireland.—Dr . Duigenan moved for leave to bring in a bill for enforcing the residence of spiritual persons on their benefices in Ireland . Ordered.—The