permanent resource , by the treaty of Oude , to the company of 300,000l . a year ; that the whole interest of the debt was little more than 500,000l . ; that every thing was peace ; that the princes were attached to our government ; and no native of Hindostan had cause to complain of injustice ; that no bullion had been sent to Bengal during the whole of sir John Shore 's government ; that during the government of lord Wellesley , he obtained supplies from England in specie to the amount of nearly 4,000,000l ; that during the same period he drew upon England for 3,800,000l . that he unlawfully seized large sums of the money destined for China , in direct opposition to the orders of the court of directors ; that by false representations he obtained from the super-cargoes at Canton , several large sums destined for commercial purposes ; that the sums so obtained , at an enormous expence to the company , instead of applying them for the purposes to which he represented he was to appropriate them , Mr. Paull said they had been expended on the college , the body guard , the government house , for the shew and splendour , and for the actual expences of the governor-general himself . One paragraph from the papers he begged leave to read to the house , which would shew what credit was due to the assertions of the late governor-general , who , in the close of the year 1799 , represented the finances as most flourishing , public credit higher than ever it was known in India before , and that in fact he would require no farther aid from England . The letter , Mr. Paull said , was dated Feb. 11 , 1800 , addressed to the super-cargoes at China ; the paragraph was in these words : `` Unless early relief be afforded to the finances of India by a large supply of bullion , the public credit will suffer ; the investment in India for the present year must be reduced to a low scale , and I entertain the most serious apprehensions that I may not be able to provide the necessary means of exertion against the common enemy . '' In consequence of this representation he obtained from the super-cargoes 125,000l . at an expence to the company of upwards of 12,000l . and which , instead of retaining for the defence of India , he squandered in the shameful manner stated in the charge . Mr. Paull concluded a long speech by a picture of India when lord Wellesley was superseded by lord Corn- 939 wallis . Notwithstanding , said he , the bills thus drawn , the specie remitted , an the supplies obtained from China , in consequence of false and fraudulent representations , and in violation of law , the debt exceeded 31,000,000l . ; 5,000,000l . more were to be provided for the next year ; loans were open all over India ; the treasury empty ; and , in consequence of the profuse , extravagant , reprehensible , and illegal expenditure of the public money , lord Cornwallis was forced once more to seize upon the treasures destined for China.—So much for the finances . And as to the political situation of India , we were at war with Holkar ; not certainly at peace with Scindia ; a confederacy forming to drive us from India ; and the universal estrangement of all descriptions of the natives—the consequence , said Mr. Paull , of the system of lord Wellesley ; a system of iniquity , of oppression , and blood ; adopted on his arrival , and pursued , undeviatingly , until , fortunately for mankind , the arrival of lord Cornwallis drove him from Asia.—Mr . Paull moved , that the charge be now printed ; '' which motion was seconded by Mr. Martin , the member for Tewkesbury . said , that whatever might have been heretofore his opinion touching the propriety of printing the charges , before all the evidence in support of them