can , on any rational ground of argument , be pleaded , to account for , that state of India and of the 206 company 's affair which is up to this day officially known to the house of commons . Admitting the Marhatta war to be a merit or a , remedy , and not at all a disorder , it is not in power of human wit to connect it with the case in hand . The accounts actually before parliament , reach no farther than to April 1803 , and at that period the company owed twenty millions in India , to say nothing of their immediate debts and difficulties at home , which even then were intolerable . As to the general allegation of uninterrupted war , to account for the debts incurred , and the total failure of all the pecuniary engagements , contracted with and for the public , and in behalf of the company too , I say that the plea would not be a good one , if it were true . But I deny the fact . The war , which preceded 1803 , will not account for the consequences imputed to it . The noble lord knows that I have maintained this opinion in another form ; and as I think with arguments , which I may defy him or any man to answer . [ This refers to Mr. Francis 's `` Observations on lord Castlereagh 's speech '' , printed in 1805 . ] The next assertion of the noble lord is eminent indeed , even among the , prodigies of his own speech . He solemnly assures the house that , in April 1803 , ( in reference to the finances and pecuniary resources of the company ) the state of their affairs was prosperous , affluent , and abundant . These were his words . Now , there are only two ways in which such an assertion , on such a subject , can be true , positively , or comparatively . The noble lord may take his choice . On the 30th of April 1803 , the India debt is stated to you , by the directors and by himself , to have amounted to 19,800,000l . and all the Indian estimates for the ensuing year take credit for expected receipts to an enormous amount , external to the proper resources of each presidency within itself , that is , to be derived from new loans , from draughts on the company , and from bullion expected to be received from England . On the 1st of March 1803 , their bond debt in England amounted to about 1,750,000l . Their debt to the bank was then 700,000l . and even that loan could not have been obtained without a mortgage of their annuities , which they were empowered to sell . In order to exhibit a favourable balance on the face of their stock account , the directors were reduced to the necessity of leaving the capital of the company , for which the corporate body 207 had received 7,780,000l . from the subscribers , totally out of the state of their debts . For this omission , it is true , they pleaded an order of the house of commons , when official orders were moved for without notice , and granted as a matter of Course . Such is the evidence of the noble lord 's assertion taken , positively ; and without saying any thing of the reasonable and obvious conclusion to be drawn from it , viz . that the India company must have been then in a condition to begin to liquidate their engagements , or , at least so much at their ease , that they would want no assistance from the public . Now is that the case ? just the reverse . Their Indian debt , instead of being reduced in the last three years as it ought , if the means were so very abundant in March 1803 , I am sure will be found to amount 30,000,000 more or less , I mean on