99 out of every 100 were of the same mind with him on this subject . This opinion the right hon . gent . immediately took as granted , and then went on—not to propose to turn him out—but to say , `` Before you have fully matured your plan , explain to me the nature of it . '' Was it , he would ask , a fair inference of want of confidence , to require of his right hon . friend to tell them the nature of his plan out of time ? His right hon . friend admitted he was not completely ready . In that case he presumed to think it extremely hard that gentlemen opposite should say , Answer us on a point on which you confess you are not ready . It was pretty well known that it was the wish of the right hon . gent . lately deceased , to get the friends with whom he ( Mr. Fox ) acted , so make a part of his ( Mr. Pitt 's ) administration , and that such endeavours had been used with his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , after he had made the speeches to which the right hon . gent . opposite alluded . It might , indeed , be said , that it was not in the contemplation of Mr. Pitt , to have given his right hon . friend the war department , but to have placed him in some other situation . If he ( Mr. Fox ) , however , understood the 468 right hon . gent . opposite , no change of place could have satisfied the right hon . gent. , or removed his objections to his right hon . friend 's holding any situation . He would have said , `` It is not to the head of the particular department that I give my confidence , but to the whole of the Ministry . '' The right hon . gent . talked of delay . It was not till the 7th of Feb. that his right hon . friend 's writ was moved , The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) , to whom he was convinced the right hon . gent . opposite would not willingly impute delay , or any other bad quality , did not for four weeks after his return to power bring in his Additional Force act . There the time which intervened was nearly as long as in the present instance . There too , a single act only was to be introduced . Here there was a new system to be founded . There , however , no objection of delay was started , neither were any premature enquiries made into the nature of the plan which he intended to adopt . If there had been any such , how awkwardly must that right hon , gent , have found himself situated ifs declaring it to be built on a system such as he himself had been decrying within the last three weeks ! The right hon . secretary declared that lie could not figure any reason for putting any question like the present , but a wish to embarrass . What good motive could the persisting in it proceed from , when his right hon . friend had stated that he was not quite ready to bring forward his measure ? If he was guilty of delay , why not bring forward against him a charge to that effect , and let his conduct be the subject of parliamentary enquiry ? But what advantage could proceed from a premature declaration , similar to that now required ? From what good motive could the wish to procure such a declaration , proceed ? He should only put it to the candour of the right hon . gent . himself . If , before the plan of the military arrangements now in agitation had been ready to be laid before the house , his right hon . friend had at once moved for the repeal of the Additional Force