kingdom for a certain period . —Mr . Hase , from the bank , brought up an account of the amount of Exchequer bills issued under the act for renewing the Bank Charter , and an account of those that were still unprovided for . —Mr . Roberts , from the office of the Paymaster-General of his majesty 's forces , brought up an account of the sums drawn from the exchequer for the service of the year 1805 , and of the balances remaining in the hands of the Paymaster on the 5th of Jan. 1806.—Mr . Vansittart brought in a bill for farther continuing an act for encouraging the Fisheries , & c. Also a bill to enable the commissioners of the treasury in Ireland , to issue Treasury bills , on the credit of the aids of the year . —Mr . Huskisson moved for an account of the amount of the arrears , as far as they can be collected , on the Property Tax , for the years ending the 5th of April 1804 , and the 5th of . April 1805 , respectively . —Mr . Fellowes moved for a committee to examine and consider the returns respecting the Non-resident . Clergy , presented to the house on the 17th inst , and to report thereon . —Mr . Whitbread reported , that he had taken to the lords their message of last night , requesting them to provide accommodations for that house , in Westminster-hall , at the trial of lord viscount Melville . —Mr . Giles observed that the accounts laid before the house , of the expences of the commissioners for regulating the civil affairs of the Navy , were defective . He therefore moved , `` that there be laid before the house , an account particularly specifying the several items composing the sum of 10,000l . for the year 1805 , and the sum of 10,000l . for the year 1806 , stated to the lords of the Admiralty by the commissioners for revising the Civil Conceros of the Navy , as the amount of the 560 expences attending the business of their commission ; together with an account of all charges or expences hitherto paid , incurred , or allowed by the said commissioners '' . pursuant to notice , rose for the purpose of moving for certain documents relative to the operation of the bill called the Levy en Masse bill , to which he understood none of his majesty 's ministers intended to object ; and when he stated his purpose , he trusted that the house would be of opinion it would be both desirable and necessary , that those documents should be before them preparatory to bringing forward , the plan of national defence understood to be now in the contemplation of his majesty 's ministers , and which it was to be hoped would be brought forward at some period or other , in the fullness of time . By this bill , which had passed in the year 1803 , it was intended , as one of the modes of defence against the menaced invasion , to call out so much of the population of the country as were capable of bearing arms ; who were to be divided into three classes , and , first , to be enrolled ; secondly , trained to arms , during every month of October ; and , thirdly , rendered useful for any military purpose to which they might be respectively judged fitting . With respect to the dangers of invasion , he was persuaded that , if our navy continued those gallant and victorious exertions , the many eminent instances of which had been displayed of late , there was not much chance of an attack of that nature . Upon the former occasion , though the government had made some progress in availing itself of the powers by this bill vested , yet as it was . disposed to prefer a voluntary to a compulsory service on the part of the people , and as so great a number of men pressed