rose , to move an address of thanks to his majesty for the speech that had been just read . His lordship lamented , that this necessary duty had not devolved to some noble lord better qualified than himself to fulfil the task . He , however , had that confidence in the kindness and liberal feelings of their lordships , that they would extend the same indulgence to him , which persons who were not accustomed to address their lordships generally obtained . He would 5 not detain their lordships for any considerable length of time , but content himself with briefly adverting , to the principal features in the speech . The nature of the speech was such as , in his opinion , to preclude the possibility of any opposition to the address which he should have the honour of moving . With respect to the magnitude and importance of the successes which his majesty 's arms had obtained , it was impossible there could be any difference of opinion in that house . The activity and perseverance which had been displayed in pursuing the fleets of the enemy , the vigour with which they were attacked when found , and the admirable skill with which that attack was directed , were among the most brilliant achievements in the naval annals of England . Great as the victory of Trafalgar was , the universal sorrow with which the intelligence of the heroic commander who fell in it was received by the country , proved that the triumph of that day had not been cheaply purchased . Venerating , as their lordships undoubtedly must , the services , the character of the immortal commander of the British fleet upon that occasion , with the sentiment which every one must feel of the great services which he had rendered to the country , asserting at once the supremacy of its naval power , and providing , by the almost total destruction of the combined fleet , for its safety , it was impossible that any one in the house could feel disposed to oppose that part of his majesty 's speech , which recommended to parliament to enable his majesty to annex to the honours which he had conferred on the family of that great commander a fit mark of the national munificence.—The unexpected and disastrous events which had taken place in Germany must be the subject of deep regret to every noble lord , who wished to see the overbearing ambition of France confined within limits consistent with the peace and , tranquillity of the rest of Europe . It , however , should be no small consolation to this country , that nothing had been left undone that depended upon her to ensure the success of the allied arms ; and that though his majesty the emperor of Germany had been compelled to abandon the contest , we had still an unshaken , a magnanimous , and a powerful ally in the emperor of Russia . In the propriety of maintaining the closest connection with that great sovereign , he was persuaded their lordships would con- 6 cur with the recommendation in the speech . There was only one point upon which he would detain the house , and which , though not introduced into his majesty 's speech , he hoped to be able to obtain the approbation of their lordships to insert in the address . He wished that some compliment of condolence should be offered to his majesty , upon the decease of his royal brother the late duke of Gloucester . With the amiable and excellent qualities of that much esteemed person , many of their lordships had been familiar for a number of years , and he was confident they would not be averse to express the high sense which they entertained of his virtues , and to condole with his majesty on that melancholy occasion . The noble earl concluded with moving , `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty '' , which address was , as usual , an echo of his majesty 's speech , and