a privy counsellor went to every thing which now concerns principally the members of the Cabinet . The privy counsellor 's oath , was , 'to advise for the king 's honour and for the good of the people , to keep secret his majesty 's counsels , and to help , strengthen , and assist every measure that should be therein resolved , to enquire into all offences against the crown and the government , and to commit the offenders to prison , in order that they might be brought to trial . ' This , which was the oath of the privy counsellor , differed scarce any thing from what was now the office of that select number of the privy council called the Cabinet . What was now done by the Cabinet , was formerly done in the privy council , and the many judges who had been of the privy council were therefore then bound to commit offenders to prison , who afterwards perhaps were brought to trial before themselves . The noble and learned lord ( Eldon ) had said , that although in the cases where he recommended prosecutions there was a conspiracy , not only against the existing government , but against all government , yet that he could conceive a case wherein the Cabinet might order a prosecution for a libel against the ministers , and in such case it would come to be tried before a chief justice , who was himself one of them . It would be as natural a case to suppose a libel against the privy council , which might be deemed a proper subject for prosecution . The same reason then which would prevent a judge from having a seat in the Cabinet should also prevent him from being a privy conusellor , but he would venture to say , that the objection had . never been made before the present day . It was allowed , however , that the appointment was not illegal , and therefore it did appear to him that merely to say it was inexpedient , appeared something like a personal objection . If the thing was improper in principle , a bill should be brought is to prevent it for the future ; but for his own part he saw no inexpediency , and could perceive no other consequence likely to follow from the adoption of the motion , but the loss of the great talents of the noble and learned lord whose appointment was the subject of the present discussion . He was not , however , much , afraid of the 271 public mind being much agitated or alarmed , With respect to the determination of the present question . The country was very lately in considerable alarm respecting its most important interests , but that alarm had considerably diminished , and in a very few days he was sure would disappear , and give place to the confidence that was due to that assemblage of talents and virtue which his majesty had united in administration . The people of this country were not attached to new theories and innovations , but were contented to preserve their excellent constitution in the state they found it before the present question ; he was convinced the general feeling was satisfaction at finding a man of such great abilities as lord Ellenborough called to his majesty 's councils . The noble and learned lord ( Eldon ) had said , that he was perfectly convinced that the possessing a seat in the Cabinet would not at all influence the judicial conduct of the chief justice : he felt convinced that the people at large were of the same opinion , and that the administration of justice under him would not only be pure , but above all suspicion . The people knew well , that a judge exercised his functions under the eye of public observation . He could not lift up his eyes and look in the face the jury and the respectable and eminent men in the profession of the law , if he was not conscious of the