been taken by the rt . hon . secretary , ( Mr. Fox ) , the application of that objection I have always understood to be , not to the general principle , which is this , `` that the sovereign power of the state has a right to avail itself in time of `` public danger of the services of all its `` subjects , '' but to an imputed want of care to guard against the capricious exercise of this undoubted right , against oppressive partiality , or individual selection . But the right itself is generally recognised . It is recognised by the rt . hon . gent . himself , to its very fullest extent , in that part of his plan which relates to the training of the country ; wherein with an inconsistency , of which I shall have something more to say by and by , he carries his compulsion to an infinitely greater height than it is now carried in any of the institutions which he proposes to abolish ; and to obtain a lesser degree of service . In recognising the right , however parliament has not been less careful to modify the exercise of it , and accordingly in all the establishments of this country which are founded upon this principle we find modifications , which go to reconcile , as much as possible , the effectual advantage of the principle itself feelings , and even the prejudices of a free people.—The first modification which a direct call upon the population of the country admits , is that of selection by lot , instead of by the arbitrary choice of government and this is still farther mitigated by the permission to the individual upon whom the lot may fall , to provide a substitute . Upon this modification stands the militia.—A still more modified compulsion is , where the call is made not upon the individual , but upon a district ; leaving to the district itself to provide the man : and this modification is still further softened , by permission to commute the finding a man for a fine . This is the very lowest modification of which the compulsory principle is capable : and this is that modification of it , which the house is desired to abolish specifically by the repeal of the Additional Force bill.—Of all these modifications there is not one that finds favour in the eyes of the rt . hon . gent . He is for abolishing them all , as useless , operose , and ineffective . He is for abandoning and proscribing 974 the , principle itself at the very moment When he himself is about to re-enact that principle into a mode infinitely more severe , and to an extent infinitely greater , than has ever hitherto been practised.—In proscribing the principle , it appeared manifest to all who heard the rt . hon . gent 's . statement that he must necessarily include the militia in the same demolition with the Additional Forte . So it struck me in the very outset of his speech , and I was not disappointed . The militia is to share the same fate ; for the ballot , it appears , is to cease at the end of the war , and then they are to be recruited by bounty . You may call them what you please , militia , or any thing else : but they will no longer be a militia , in the genuine sense and spirit of that institution ; for the main characteristics of the militia , its Connection with the property of country , its local distinction will be entirely lost . Upon , this part of his plan , indeed the rt . hon . gent . has not been very explicit . But it is plain that there is no possible project by which the character of the militia can be preserved , according to the principle on which its constitution is now proposed to be altered By whom henceforth is the militia to be recruited By the crown ? If by