and which it has been the endeavour of modern France to extinguish ; then was it that those feelings which it became every man to entertain , and every man to exercise , were proudly manifested.—But , however our admiration might be excited by this illustrious action , it was impossible not to consider , with similar sensations , the achievement of the division under sir R. Strachan , in which that gallant admiral took from the enemy every thing that they presented to him . What effect the exertions of these brave men might have had on the affairs of Europe , under more fortunate auspices , it was impossible to calculate . They had withdrawn 25 sail of the line from the service of enemy , 15 of which were French , and ten Spanish . Of 25 , ten had been transferred to the service of this country . The relative situation , therefore , of the navy of this country , and of the navies of our enemies , was altered by a difference of 35 sail of the line , being equal to nearly one half of the whole naval force of the enemy . This advantage , however , was not the sole result ; but from the admirable superintendence of admiralty board , no interruption had arisen from the injury which 100 our fleets necessarily sustained in these severe contests . Other ships were prepared immediately to supply these deficiencies . It was not the least extraordinary circumstance attending these brilliant transactions , that after such a combat with the enemy , and such a contest with the elements , we had the heartfelt satisfaction to see every individual ship that had been engaged , brought back safely to a British port , and the enemy were thus precluded from the ostentatious self-congratulations , in which they doubtless would have indulged , had a single British vessel fallen a victim to their arms or to the fury of the elements . Every one must feel , that the security of the empire , so far as it depended on our naval strength , was placed on a firmer basis than ever . He could not refrain from mentioning , that the victory of Trafalgar had happened on a day which was calculated to make the head of the French empire feel , that there was yet a power in the world , capable of controlling his restless ambition . On that very day he had been declaring the designs which he meditated against this country , and on that very day he received , in the chastisement of his fleets , a lesson which , it was to be hoped , he would never forget , and which would teach him what he had to expect from the gallantry and determined bravery of Britons—But it was impossible that these exploits should be performed , and that the country should be satisfied with a silent admiration . He pretended not to do justice to that misfortune , in the loss of the noble hero , who commanded in chief , to which , however , justice had been done by the unaffected letter of the gallant Admiral who had succeeded him . Such indeed were the feelings of regret at the decease of the noble viscount , that it became a question , whether they did not exceed the exultation which his victory had occasioned . There was every thing to praise in the character of the noble individual be had alluded to , whose life from his veryt infancy had been a life of heroism . There was something apparently intuitive in his nature , which prompted him to the execution of grand schemes , which appeared to be out of the resources of his profession . He had the power of attaching individuals to him by his amiable qualities , he controlled them by the superior mind which he displayed , and his genius and his fortune conspired to enable him to lead them to successful enterprise . 101 In considering the whole of the victories which had shed lustre on his