rigid justice and integrity of the noble marquis towards Tippoo Sultan , who had sent a large sum of money which he thought would detach us from those with whom we were united , and the money was sent back to him in a manner worthy the dignity of the British empire , because it should not be said that we deserted our allies . In a word , lord Cornwallis had laid down a system in India which , as it was the interest of this country , so he hoped it would be the practice of its representatives there , to follow . He had , for these and other reasons , the greatest of all satisfactions in assenting to the motion now before the house . said , he should have contented himself with giving a silent vote on this motion , had it not been for the observations which had fallen from some members who had taken part in this debate , who bad doubted the propriety of the measure now proposed ; these observations called upon him as a public man to give his opinion , as well as his vote upon the question ; he considered the marquis Cornwallis as great a man as any this country ever possessed . He admired the manner in which he had acted as a public character , and particularly the mode he had succeeded in introducing in India , for regulating the security of property . He had much opportunity of experiencing the effect of the conduct of the noble marquis , and he could not now help expressing these sentiments as a tribute to his memory . said , he heartily concurred in the motion now before the house ; but it was necessary for him to express the ground on which he did it , because he should have given his vote on a former occasion in like manner , had it been proposed at the time the vote was agreed to on the memory of Mr. Pitt . This was a testimony to the general merit , of the noble marquis , and not on any particular part of his political life , however proper that might be ; and he would observe also , that he agreed to this motion with the more satisfaction , because the words `` excellent statesman , '' were not in it . On that ground , he begged his vote to be considered to be given , and that even , notwithstanding . what had been said by an , hon . gent . behind him on the subject of the act of union ; for in 128 considering that act , with all the circumstances attending it , he thought it to be one of the most disgraceful that ever happened to that country . The motion was then put , and carried . stated , that in the motion he had to submit to the house , he should follow the example that was set on the occasion of a former motion , and studiously abstain from any topic that might be likely to produce a difference of opinion ; and to insure this the more effectually , he would , as had been done before , adhere to the precedent found upon the journals , in the instance of the late earl of Chatham . He thought , however , that he did not swerve from his purpose , in avowing , that he considered the death of Mr. Pitt a great national loss ; and this opinion was certainly supported by the general sense of the people of this kingdom . In making his motion , therefore , he only submitted to the house , what he thought a testimony of the general estimation in which that exalted character was , held . He was free to confess , that if he could bring himself to think , that the vote he undertook to propose , would , in the smallest degree , detract from the fame of that great man , he should never have offered it to their consideration ; but