petition presented by the noble lord ( Sheffield ) , had , in a long and studied petition , objected generally to all suspensions of the navigation act , without stating any specific ; grievance . Much had been said by noble lords of the evils which were expected to result from this measure ; but he would ask , had any evil arisen from this system , which had for a long time been carried into effect by those very noble lords who now objected to it ; on the contrary , 1038 our commerce and our shipping , so far from being injured , had increased . Experience , therefore , proved the wisdom of the measure Which had thus been acted upon , and which it was still intended to act upon by means of the present bill . In fact the very means they adopted to supply the West India islands tended to facilitate their cultivation , and increase their produce , and consequently to increase our commerce and our shipping . In carrying the produce of America to the West Indies it was too much to expect that British bottoms would be employed ; we could , it was true , enact restrictions , but so could the states of America ; and he deprecated any war or regulations with that power . The Americans were English in their habits and their dispositions , and the increase of their prosperity was a benefit to us , as a still greater mart would be found for English manufactures . As to our shipping interest , if an increase of it was to be forced , let it be done by any means rather than by speculating in the subsistence of our colonies . contended , that our navigation was a paramount consideration , and that if the necessity should arise , partial sacrifices of our commerce ought to be made , to ensure the continuance of that system of navigation from whence had arises all our maritime superiority . The present bill , he maintained , was the first relaxation of the navigation laws enacted by a legislative act ; it was a measure pot called for by the necessity of the case , and might he productive of the greatest evils to the shipping interest of the country . He acknowledged there did , at times , exist a necessity for allowing the importation into our colonies of articles essential to their use , in American bottoms ; but he deprecated making a prospective regulation , and acknowledging the legality of such a trade . Objectionable as the mode certainly was , he still thought it better that the responsibility should rest with the Governors of our colonies , as it had hitherto done , of allowing such a trade , when they who were upon the spot should see the necessity of such a measure , than that such a discretion should be vested in the executive government at home , who could not know when such a necessity existed in the colonies . He agreed with his noble friend ( lord Holland ) in much of what he had said with respect to America , but he thought that concessions on our part should rather be the result of negociation , than talked of as if decided on in the first instance . thought it unnecessary to 1039 argue the question at any length , as noble lords on the other side had not brought forward any statement to shew that no necessity existed for resorting to other means besides the resources of this country for the supply of our colonies , to demonstrate the fallacy of the reasoning which went to shew , that , by such a measure , our shipping and our commerce would be injured and decreased , he would state the results of papers on then lordship 's table , which proved the direct contrary . In 1793 , the number of trading vessels in the British empire was 16000 ; their tonnage was 1,500,000 , and number of seamen employed in them 119,000 . In 1804 ,