against the line . God forbid they should ! But , look , sir , at the analogy of our civil constitution ; what is it but a system of mutual checks and balances , which have a sure though silent operation on each other ? When foreigners are told of the power of this branch of the legislature , or of the power of that branch , of the prerogative of the crown , and the privileges of they imagine , amidst such conflicting authorities the wok of government and legislation must be at a stand : on the contrary , we know that it is carried on the more smoothly for this opposition of powers , and that the mutual consciousness of each other 's strength preserves all parties within bound : and . contributes to the security of the whole . The very stillness of the balance is a proof of its stability.—Such is likewise the operation of checks upon .sir standing army . Nor have there been wanting instances , even in times which are in the remembrance of us all , when the regular army alone would have been adequate to preserve the tranquillity of the country ; when to have been dependant upon it alone would have been hazardous in the extreme . This is a subject of infinite importance in a constitutional point of view ; it is a subject of infinite delicacy also : and if I feel it to be so at this moment , while we are yet in possession if all those securities which it is the rt . hon . gent 's . object to destroy , I can not help apprehending , that some ten years hence perhaps , when the rt . hon . gent 's . system shall have had its hill effect ; and shall have left no other military force in the country than an huge unbalanced standing army , a member of parliament .may rise in this house to deliver his opinions upon subjects in which the army is concerned , with very different feelings from those with which I now address you . —For the first time since the Revolution , parliament has this year voted the supplies for the army . before the army estimates , were presented . Having so far foregone the jealousy which ought to characterise our proceedings , we are hound to be the more cautious in considering what sort of army is : to be raised and maintained by these supplies : particularly we are bound to take care that we do not Sutler the principles of the constitution , and the practical security of Cur liberties , to be brought into unnecessary : danger . I do maintain that such is the endency of the it . hon . gent 's . system . The militia itself , if it is to be raised accord 990 ing to the new mode proposed by the rt . hon . gent. , and to be raised by the crown , will be liable , in a great degree , to the same constitutional objections which apply to a standing army , though without producing to the country the same advantages : This , and the standing army itself , will be the whole that the rt . hon . gent . proposes to leave us . Against a regular army . so constituted , I doubt whether the mutiny bill itself would be the same security that we have hitherto found it . The mutiny bill is annual , and recognises no term of service . But if the rt . hon . gent 's system takes effect , if we consent to raise the soldier 's pay at the end of a certain number of years , and to give him certain other specified advantages the end of another specified period , and make this the condition of his original enlistment , I confess I doubt , how far , when , by serving a portion of that time he shall have acquired a vested right in these contingent advantages , it will be competent