repairs of the said ships , particularly those of the ships Ajax and Achille ; a copy of the statement of the master builder in his majesty 's dock-yard . at Deptford , of the price of each article used in building ships of the line at the commencement of the year 1805 ; a report of the expense per ton of building 74-gun ships at Deptford in 1800 and 1805 respectively . The book called Doomsday Book , contained an account of the original cost of every ship in the navy , and the sums expended in repairs upon her . But as some difficulty was stated to exist with respect to the production of extracts from this book , his anxiety for the full investigation of the noble earl 's conduct , would not allow him to insist upon the production of those he thought to be wished for in this case , he moved that the returns to the orders alluded to be made forthwith , and he wished the navy board to be called to account for their not having been produced before . complained of the delays thrown in the way of the investigation of the noble earl 's conduct . If the friends of the noble earl had attended to the papers as he had done , they would have seen the deficiencies , and have caused them to be timely supplied . As to the extracts from Doomsday Book , the title of that book was very apposite , for they could not be produced till doomsday . The book was ten years in arrear , and it would take twelve Months to make it up . He had no objec- 744 tion even now to defer his charges for a few days farther . But if papers were required which would take up two or three months in preparation , it was evident it was intended to prevent the charges from being ever brought forward . appealed to the house , whether he could be chargeable with occasioning delay , in merely moving that the proper officers be called upon to produce the papers which had been already ordered . Had he moved for fresh documents , there might have been some shadow of ground for such a charge , though even then it alight have been sufficient to say that such papers were necessary ; but he had now only moved , that the navy board do account for certain papers being withheld , and be ordered to furnish them forthwith ; he knew Doomsday Book well , and was convinced , that something similar to it might be speedily produced : but he should wave its production , to Avoid the charge of wishing to cause unnecessary delay . said , that he would not enquire into the motives by which the hon . gent . opposite to him was actuated , in reiterating those . heavy charges against the noble lord ; but he had never heard a more unfounded accusation than that which charged his hon . friend with the wish to occasion delay . The hon . admiral had moved for certain papers to rebut the charges which had been made , and to prevent the house from forming a partial judgment . Some of these papers had been withheld , from what motive did not appear ; but they had not been kept back by any fault on the part of his hon . friend , who now called on the house to order their immediate production . Whether the hon . gent . would press his motion on Thursday next , or whether he would postpone it , it was for him to determine ; but in common fairness , the house should first be in possession of all the documents necessary to throw light on the subject . He did not wish to ask any thing as a matter of favour from the hon . gent . but as he was convinced that the public had a great interest in the character of earl St. Vincent , and knew of no possible benefit that