save themselves as well as they can , and even make cessions if they are insisted upon . If Prussia should 891 allege , that she was in that state of comparative weakness that she was obliged to cede Anspach and Bayreuth ; however his majesty might lament the necessity , or the accession of strength his enemies derived from the acquisition , still he would not have attempted to oppose it , or make the slightest remonstrance on the occasion . But when that power shall say , `` I am not only obliged to make cessions , but I am also obliged to make war with you , '' then the question becomes very different , and his majesty is under the necessity of considering it in a very different light . Although I , for one , am not inclined to look very favorably on the present situation of this country , nor to feel so sanguinely as some other gentlemen , yet I think that , upon the present occasion , we should make a signal example of the court of Prussia ; and whatever principles theorists may lay down about restoring the balance Europe , I think we shall do more to restore the sound and true principle that ought to prevail in Europe by sheaving the world , in this instance , that this country will not abandon them herself , nor consent that they shall be departed front by other nations in their transactions with her . I consider that the power of the country consists , in a great measure , in the known justice of its principles , in its moderation and forbearance ; but if the court of Berlin chooses to depart from the principles of justice , and to act hostility to this country , it must take the consequence . I believe it has , as yet , gained nothing by its injustice . Hanover , desolated as it was first by French armies , and afterwards , in a still greater degree , bY Prussian armies , can add little or nothing to the revenues of Prussia , neither can it , in its present situation , increase her military strength . The king of Prussia has been given a mere nominal possession of that country ; but so far from being strengthened by this present from France , he is only the more completely vanquished and subdued . Austria was forced , by the fortune of the war , to cede many of her provinces ; other nations have been obliged to make similar cessions ; but none of them had , like Prussia , been reduced to that lowest state of degradation , to consent to become the ministers of the injustice and rapacity of a master . By the command of France , Prussia was obliged to shut the ports of Hanover against our ships , and what was the possession which France allowed her to keep of Hanover ? 892 She has sent general Barbou to reside in that country , as a military superintendant , to see that every thing be done there according to the pleasure of France . There are many other instances of the manner in which Prussia is now treated by France ; in several transactions , respecting the possession of Essen and Werden , and several little villages almost too inconsiderable to name , Prussia is treated with * little respect as she deserves . The French appear constantly to treat Prussia as a country that it is impossible to make a treaty or agreement with ; and , in this respect , it is very likely that they are in the right . In our conduct upon this occasion , we shall have avoided a great evil , and done some good ; we shall avoid the giving the sanction of this country to the spoliations which have been committed on the Continent ; we shall avoid the imputation of being indifferent to the fate of his majesty 's foreign possession , which would be a heavy imputation , even if it were supposed that their