avail ourselves of some extraordinary means of procuring a supply of men over and above what ordinary recruiting has yet been found to furnish , which has continued for several years past to produce not more than from 11 to 14 thousand men a year , exclusive of foreign recruiting , little apparently affected by the operation of the several measures of competition and high bounties , however much its success , according to all just reasoning , ought to have been influenced by these causes.—Before I state the resources on which his majesty 's late ministers relied for an augmentation of the army , it may be right to mention , that it was not intended , at least for the present , to propose to parliament to vote the army on a higher establishment in point of numbers than it was taken at ill the last year , but it was their sanguine expectation , that in the course of the next year they would be able to add not less than 25,000 men to its effective strength , 694 by which the present deficiencies of 43,000 men would be reduced more nearly to that amount , which must always be expected to exist , for obvious reasons , in the establishments of all armies.—Their chief reliance for effecting this important object was on the additional force act , under an improved management ; which bill it is now intended to repeal without substituting any visible measure whatever of supply in its place . An augmentation of about 8,000 men to the Irish militia was some time since ordered , and is in progress of levy , coupled with an arrangement to be submitted to parliament , by which we had every prospect of procuring for the line a supply annually of about 4,000 men , to be replaced on their volunteering from the militia regiments at the public expence . I am rejoiced that it is the intention of the right hon . gent. , however little I could have expected it from his past sentiments , upon rendering the militia auxiliary to the augmentation of the regular army , not to throw out of his hands this valuable , though , in comparison with our wants , very limited resource . But the main expectation of the late government for augmenting the army , rested on the bill in question , which gentlemen on the other side , from its augmented produce , will find it difficult any longer to denominate inefficient . It will be for the house seriously to weigh hereafter , when the information is printed and laid before them , what the value of that measure really is , in prospect as a supply to time army , if steadily fostered and supported , and I trust they will coolly compare even its present very imperfect produce with any thing that can be hoped for from the merely speculative substitute on which the right hon . gent . builds for replacing it , viz . his proposition for altering the term of the soldier 's service , accompanied with measures for the improvement of his condition . The bill in question has hitherto been tried under every possible disadvantage . The house will shortly have before them a most valuable body of information on this subject , in the reports from the several inspecting field-officers who have completed a progress through the several counties . I shall only at present request the pointed attention of the house to these reports , formed upon a personal communication with all the parish-officers of the kingdom , and stating upon their authorities the causes which have hitherto impeded the 695 execution of the act , the impediments that yet stand in the way of its execution , and the hopes that may fairly be entertained , with due pains , that the measure may be rendered adequate to all its objects . I shall only now generally state , that previous to the adoption of this inspection through a great proportion of the kingdom , the parish-officers were supine , and wholly ignorant of their