acted in times of danger . That this change will have the effect of inducing men to enter , is so clear , so certain , so totally incontrovertible , that it is unnecessary to urge it . Undoubtedly a man would prefer having an option rather than no option . This is one of those things which no evidence can over-rule . When I hear it said that corps of different durations of service will obtain men at the same price , I reply , that the argument may be met by the fact that corps of the same duration of service give different prices . Strange as it may seem , there are men who appear to like 5 guineas as well as 10 . I can not account for this , though I know it is so . A man may be in doubt , and half a guinea may make the difference ; when , if he hesitated longer , he might obtain the larger sum . I see bodies rise in the air , though I know there is a principle of gravitation which carries them downwards . I must know that men , generally speaking , do like 10 guineas better than 5 , but I find some acting otherwise . I see some men take the lesser sum when they might get the greater . Therefore upon this part of the subject I shall dwell no longer.—Another principle which I propose is , not so much the introduction of a change , as with a view to do away a restriction injurious to the service . This principle , if adopted , must have the effect of tilling the armies , and providing a supply for them equal to the necessities of any emergency . On this subject I know that I am opposed by many high and respectable military authorities , but I know also that I am supported by others as high and as respectable . If I pause on the subject , it is because of its magnitude , and not because I feel the smallest doubt of the value or the rectitude of the principle.—The first consideration is , what we see in all the services of Europe.—Do we think , that in the armies of foreign powers the sort of soldiers ' character we admire does not exist as high a degree of perfection as in our own army or navy ? Then am I to be told that what will do on the continent for 666 all nations , and for different operations , will not do for us ? I see great distinctions in national character among ourselves ; but it would be against all presumption to say , that we England , Ireland , and Scotland , should differ so from the Continent , that what produces an effect on them should produce none upon us . This is so much against all presumption , that it would be impossible to adopt any supposition so perfectly gratuitous . The military service continues the same up to the very last period of its duration . It is not a thing that ends gradually at the end of 7 or 8 years : the power of controul is the same . It is as strong when it ceases , as at any former period . Why should we suppose that will happen here which we know has not happened elsewhere ? And here I must take notice of the 100,000 men before adverted to . Will any one say , that the corps raised for limited service are not in the same state of discipline as any other regular troops ? Turn to your head of service in the Indian armies . Are not the armies of India in high estimation though all raised for limited service ? The principle I am contending for is , then , on the one side so uncontradicted by experience , as far as we can trace it by any authority , that I must say , fearful as I should be of making any change or innovation , I have