against sir Elijah , and which was ordered to be printed for the use of the members . So much for precedent : and having put myself right in the opinion of the house upon this point , it is really a matter of indifference to me , personally , whether the charge is printed at present or not . I shall now , however , adduce the proof on which I maintain , according to the right hon . secretary , the right hon . rescinder , and of every friend of lord Wellesley 's , that I am entitled to demand the printing of this paper as a matter of right , whether I have that right or not.—No person denied , that if any proof was before the house , ( without any proof , except that contained in the charge , and the notoriety of the facts , I say I was entitled to the object I have in view this evening , ) was entitled to the printing of the charge ; but I have no doubt , I shall have another instance to add to the many proofs of the consistency and fairness of the defenders of lord Wellesley.— 937 I have no doubt that they will say , that the papers , on which I ground my claim to the printing of the charge , have been produced incidentally . To such persons I mean to give no reply ; but to the honest and independent members of the house , I shall briefly anticipate such an assertion , which , by the bye , would be very unfair to make ; for even had the papers appeared incidentally , which however they did not , I should have conceived myself entitled in perfect fairness to make use of such proofs , and if I felt inclined , to ground a new and specific criminal charge upon them . I ask the house to recollect , in what manner the proof was obtained which induced the house to adduce the additional article of Impeachment against lord Melville ? They were obtained perfectly accidentally by the managers , and in a manner somewhat objectionable . The documents , however , contained in No . 8 , of the India papers , have been produced upon my own motion , and for the express purpose of criminating the late governor-general . In the article of charge I have inserted various breaches of the law , the total and entire failure upon the part of the East-India Co. , of the engagements made to the public when they obtained their charter . I have stated various disobedience of orders along with these violations of the law , complete proofs of all such allegations are contained in the papers now upon the table . I confess it was my intention , on these papers , to have made a motion for a select committee ; but in an interview that I had with the right hon . the secretary of state , he stated various reasons to me against such a proceeding ; the strongest however , was , that . he would oppose it . I had therefore no alternative , but dropping the cause of the public and of justice , or pursuing the course I have adopted . I shall not trouble the house with a detail of all the papers contained in No . 8 ; they however contain complete proof of eight of the allegations , and exhibit a scene of the grossest misrepresentations , and disregard of every principle of truth and honour ; they exhibit another instance of what talent was reduced to , after iniquity , oppression , and injustice had become familiar to the humour of the marquis of Wellesley.—Mr . Paull went very much at large into the financial and political situation of India . When lord Wellesley took charge of the government in 1798 , the debt he then stated to have been little more than 11,000,000l. , 938 —the Commerce flourishing ; and that the last act of lord Teignmouth 's administration , added a