intended for immediate application , and would not at all interfere with any future arrangements.—The report was then agreed to , and the bill ordered to be read a 2d time to-morrow . pursuant to his notice of yesterday rose to make his promised motion respecting the papers that had been lately ordered to he laid before the house , relative to the Raj of Bhurtpore . It was not his intention to affect in any degree the general nature of that order , or to move for any thing new on the subject . The object of his motion was merely of a verbal nature , and originated , as he conceived , in an omission in the terms of the motion by which the papers had been ordered to be produced . On the general principle that nothing should be laid before the house that might prove prejudicial to the public service and interests , he wished to introduce a restriction to this effect in the said order , as parts of those papers might be highly improper to be made public . He did not at the same time make this proposition from any certain conviction that there was any thine improper in those papers , though he had a general impression that it might be so ; not having perused them so as to ascertain this circumstance . The right hon . member , without apprehending any opposition , rested chiefly on the ground of his motion being not unprecedeuted ; for which purpose , he quoted the terms of the motion made for papers respecting India , also in June 1805 , by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) now in his place . The order for the production of the papers , relative to the Rajah of Bhurtpore , having been therefore read , he moved `` that the said order may only extend to such parts of the said papers , as may be disclosed without prejudice to the public service.—On the question being put , Mr. Speaker ; I flatter myself that the part , which I hold myself bound to take with regard to the present motion , will not be attributed by the right hon . gent . to personal disrespect , or to any doubt about the purity of his . intentions . I can assure him that my opposition to it is founded on a very different 491 principle . This declaration is sincere , and ought to be unnecessary . By yielding to make it , I can not but feel that I submit to some sort of degradation . It looks like an apology , which no man ought to make , for doing any duty incident to his station , and still more to the trust that belongs to it . Such however is the prevailing fashion of these feeble times . I comply with it now , but I protest against it . The best of us , I fear , have enough to ask pardon for , without requesting to be forgiven for any virtue we have left . But , even in that sense , the solicitation fails . He , who confesses in any form that he has no confidence in himself , w ill never obtain the confidence of others , and least of all by phrases and protestations . Au order was made , on the 11th of this month ( see p.401 ) for the production of papers relative to the Rajah of Bhurtpore , a person whose country , if he has any , is in the heart of the peninsula of India , and whose name was never heard of in England until we were informed , by a multitude of private letters from lord Lake 's head quarters and from Calcutta , that the commander in chief had laid siege to Bhurtpore , had made five attempts successively to carry the place by storm or assault , had been as often repulsed with an immense slaughter of our troops , particularly of the Europeans , and had at last concluded an accommodation