the continent , afforded a terrible example of the mischief which was likely to result from any attempts to introduce reform founded on theory and speculation . It was the peculiar advantage of the British constitution , that it had been formed gradually , that it was the creature of time and circumstances , not the offspring of any theory . The noble and learned lord then dwelt upon the very honourable situation which he so unworthily occupied in that , house ; but , notwithstanding his present elevation , he declared that he would never forget his duty to the people , whose partiality he had so long and so happily experienced—He would never forget the active and successful part which he had always taken in support of the trial by jury . These facts , honourable to his individual recollection , induced him to declare , that if he saw any danger from the appointment of 284 lord Ellenborough to a seat in the Cabinet , he would have thought it his duty to have opposed him . Referring to the character and conduct of the late lord Mansfield , he bestowed on that great man the warmest panegyric ; and noticed , with particular pleasure , the honour he had in presenting to his lordship an address from the bar , on his retirement from the seat on the bench which he had so honourably and so nobly filled for a series of years.—The question was then called for , when the motion was negatived without a division , and , about one o'clock , the house adjourned . presented a petition from the debtors confined in the gaol of Horsham in Sussex . Mr. Sheridan , col. M'Malion , Mr. Courtenay , and admiral Markham , took the oaths and their seats , on their re-election.—The sheriffs of London presented at the bar a petition from the lord mayor , aldermen , and commons of the city of London , in common council assembled , relative to the enlargement of Smithfield Market . Referred to a committee.—Mr . Whitbread said , he was desired by the committee , of which he had been appointed chairman , to give notice , that he should to-morrow make a special communication to the house on the subject of the impeachment of lord Melville.—It was ordered , on the motion of Mr. Foydell , that there be laid before the house an account of all the wool , woolfells , & c. imported into England for the last 20 years , distinguishing the quantity imported from the United States.—The Greenland whale-fishery bill was read a second time ; to be committed to-morrow.—The qualification indemnity bill was read a third time , and passed.—On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , pursuant to notice , the house went into a committee on the Irish revenue acts . In the committee a resolution was agreed to for continuing the duties granted to the 25th of this mouth for a time to be limited . The house having been resumed , the report was ordered to be received to-morrow.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee on expiring laws . The resolutions were severally agreed to , and it was ordered to be an instruction to the committee appointed to prepare the expiring laws bill , to make provision therein pursuant thereto.—The order of the day for the house going into a committee of supply , 285 being read.—Sir P. Stephens moved , that the estimates for the navy and transport service , presented in Jan. last , be referred to the said committee , which was ordered.—The house then resolved into the committee , when the different estimates were moved , and the report ordered to be received to-morrow . from the office of the commissioners for the affairs of India , resented at the bar the papers moved for by Mr. Paull , on the 25th and 28th of June , 1805 . Ordered to lie on the table , and , on the motion of Mr. Paull , to be printed . said , he had no objection to