hon . gent . in adopting some plans for bettering the condition of the army , but he could not help thinking that every one of the regulations now proposed might with equal propriety be applied to the army , as it at present stood . He also approved of making use of the Levy en Masse bill , but united in thinking that it would require same amendments . With respect to the rank of volunteer officers , he might also agree with the right hon . gent . that it might have been prudent to make some further regulations , had they been adopted from the commencement of their institution ; but he recollected that in the year 1794 , when that right hon . gent . was secretary at war , he did not get up in his place to oppose the measures which were then adopted . The right hon . gent . concluded with stating , that he had a great many other observations to make against the proposed measures , which , on account of the lateness of the hour , he would defer till a future opportunity . said , that it fell to his lot to command a second battalion raised by the former act ; and from an account of the state of that battalion , he could show that out of 755 rank and file , 681 men had 720 offered themselves for general service . He therefore was led to believe , that the bill alluded to had actually proved very efficient . objected to the whole outline of the plan brought forward by the right hon . secretary , as it tended to a diminution of the regular force of the country . It went to repeal the Additional Force act , an act by which greater encouragement was actually held out , by specifying not only a limited time , but even a limited place of service , while the scheme proposed only related to a limitation of the time . He thought that the character of the British soldier would be materially injured by the change proposed . The motives which generally led men to encounter dangers would be greatly lessened , by enabling them to leave the service and return to live with their families and friends , and it was natural to suppose that the national character would gradually decline . This was not the practice of any great military nation in Europe . He thought that the Volunteers , who had already incurred many heavy expences , ought to be continued on their present establishment . He disapproved of the plan of an armed peasantry . also objected to the proposed mode of recruiting , as it went evidently to demolish a great part of the army as already established , and to do away the Volunteer force , without substituting any other eligible mode . He had in his pocket the clearest proof of the efficacy of the Additional Force act . He was convinced that the finest recruits had been raised by that act . He could not help observing , that several of the lords lieutenants of counties appeared to have been remiss in their exertions in raising the men ; but from this obloquy he might venture to exempt the county of Lancashire , to which he belonged . In the county of Devon there had been 35 men raised , in Surrey 539 , in Essex 89 , and in the county of Berks only 35 . Such statements showed the disparity of exertions used to fulfil the object in view . He acknowledged that there were many officers who did approve of the limited species of service , and that he had formerly approved of it , but now , since he understood the matter , he had seen the propriety of encouraging a difference of opinion . Considering our insular situation and numerous colonies , it was absolutely necessary that we should abide by the regulations formerly adopted , in regard to the Army . He 721 found that most of the officers of experience and