the greater part of the business which comes before that council is of a judicial nature ; and it is therefore necessary that persons of legal knowledge and experience should habitually attend on that body . Every privy counsellor is of course bound to afford his advice to his sovereign on all subjects upon which his majesty may think tit to call for it . On many points usually discussed in the Cabinet , and not in the council at large , the assistance of the chief judges may be highly necessary , and to such occasional recurrence to them for advice we do not object . But , it does not follow from the right of the king , to call upon every individual privy counsellor for advice as often as he shall see occasion , and from the obligation imposed upon such privy counsellor by his oath to advise when called upon , that it is an expedient or a constitutional exercise of the prerogative to summon a person exercising judicial functions , who is made a privy counsellor in order that he may be resorted to for occasional assistance on subjects of a special nature , to all the secret deliberations on state affairs , without any consideration of the purposes for which he was chiefly invested with the character of a privy counsellor : and it can not , therefore , be contended , that the circumstance of a chief justice being a member of the privy council , proves the fitness or propriety of his having a seat in the Cabinet.—The inconveniences that may arise from his being a permanent member of the government , are many and obvious . many cases are likely to come before him judicially of a description which must compel him either to abdicate his functions on the bench , and to leave to others the discharge of a duty which it belongs to himself to perform , or he must act under all the suspicion , and be exposed to all the jealousy which attaches to a party interested in the cause . Libels en the government of which he forms a part ; prosecutions against a colleague for malversation ; trials for state offences , or questions connected with the construction of statutes in which the administration of the day take an interest , must all place a political chief justice in a difficult dilemma ; he 324 must either deprive the country of the advantage of having justice administered by the highest authority , or subject it to the more serious inconvenience of having it dispensed by a person who is necessarily open to vulgar , if not to rational suspicion.—But it is said by the right hon . gent . if a chief justice may not habitually advise his majesty on state affairs , why make him a privy counsellor , and how did it happen that chief baron Eyre tried the prisoners for treason , on whose case he had previously decided in council ? The first point has been already replied to ; the latter will not appear to furnish the right hon . gentleman with any ground of argument , if the nature of the proceeding be fairly considered . Chief Justice Eyre was not called to the Cabinet to mix himself in politics , to connect himself with the administration of the day , or to exercise any political discretion whatever . He was summoned to the privy council at large as a magistrate ; in that capacity alone he acted ; his duty there was to hear the evidence against the prisoners , to decide whether it was sufficient to warrant a committal , and for what crime . His duty was in no respect distinguishable front that of an ordinary magistrate when a charge is brought before him . It never has been contended that a justice of peace by committing a prisoner stood disqualified from determining on the charge as a grand juror , or of sitting on the bench as a Judge . No reasonable objection can therefore be taken to the conduct of the chief baron .