and the several captains and officers . '' 4 . `` That this house doth highly approve of , and acknowledge , the services of the seamen and marines on board the ships under the command of the late lord viscount Nelson , in the most glorious and decisive victory over the combined fleet of France and Spain off Cape Trafalgar , on the 21st of October last ; and that the officers commanding the several ships do signify the same to their respective crews , and do thank them for their good behaviour . '' 5 . `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , that his majesty will be graciously pleased to give directions , that monuments he erected in the cathedral church of St. Paul , London , to the memory of capt . George Duff , and capt . John Cooke , who fell gloriously in that signal victory ; and to assure his majesty , that this house will make good the expence attending the same . '' 6 . `` That the thanks of this house he given to rear-admiral sir R. Strachan , bart , for his able and gallant conduct in the defeat and capture of a French squadron , on the 4th day of Nov . last . '' 7 . `` That the thanks of this house be given to the captains and officers in the squadron under the command of sir R. Strachan , bart . who by their bravery and good conduct contributed to the success of that day ; and that rear-admiral sir R. Strachan , bart . do signify the same to the several captains and officers . '' The above resolutions were put , and carried , nem . con . then moved , 8 . `` That this house doth highly approve of , and acknowledge , the services of the seamen and marines on board the ships under the command of rear-admiral sir R. Strachan , bart . in the victory obtained over the squadron of the enemy on the 4th day of Nov. last ; and that the officers commanding the several ships do signify the same to their respective crews , and do thank them for their good behaviour . '' On the speaker putting the question , begged leave to offer a few words . He had made no reply to the speech of the noble lord opposite , because 105 he was anxious that the motions proposed should have the reality as well as the appearance of unanimity . There were two points which seemed to him to call for comment . The one was the liberty which the noble lord had taken , in introducing into a speech of the nature of that which he had just delivered , a panegyric on the admiralty board , for which any other time would certainly have been preferable to the present . The other was on the omission of any mark of his majesty 's gratitude to lord Northesk . He believed that if we looked back at the whole history of our naval victories , we should not meet with a single instance in which , in such a large fleet , the third in command had not received some distinction from the royal favour . The earl of Northesk was the only person whose merit had passed unnoticed . declared that he felt it impossible so speak on the subject which had this evening been the theme of his commendation , and separate that subject from some mention of the conduct of the admiralty board . He trusted he did not go farther in this respect than what he was warranted to do by the occasion . Certainly , if he had felt entitled to express his full sentiments of the laborious services of the distinguished individual at the head of that department of government , he should not have confined his approbation within such narrow limits . He had never the pleasure of knowing that nobleman until he came into office , but the manner in which he had conducted himself , had shewn