proportion of actual voters be in such elections . It , is said , and I believe , truly , that the little freeholders , at any distance from the county-town , would never vote at all . What the consequence of that would be , deserves the serious consideration of every man , who : wishes to preserve the popular part of this constitution . The question that deserves to be more immediately considered by my right hon . friend , and to which I wished , by all that I have said , to draw his attention , is , whether it be possible for him to , reconcile the principle , which he and I avowed and acted on from 1792 to 1795 , viz . of extending the right of voting as far as property could be found to support it , with the practical effect of his present bill , which , as I 'find it asserted on all hands , would be to reduce 514 and confine the exercise of the right to a much smaller number , than that , which he and I formerly agreed in thinking ought to be considerably increased ; I mean in the counties , where the vote might have been extended with the least inconvenience and the greatest safety . With this impression of the operation of the bill , which on his part I am sure was neither intended nor foreseen , I am hound to oppose it . explained , that he took his statement of Mr. Francis 's case from the reports of the Court of King 's Bench , which were generally allowed to be accurate . disclaimed the slightest intention of proposing to disfranchise any freeholders under 30l . On the contrary , if a proposition of that nature were brought forward , he would be among the first to oppose it . said , that he should find himself under the necessity of opposing the present bill , unless Scotland was altogether excluded from the operation of it . could not see that any great benefit was likely to arise from the alterations that this bill proposed . As to the practical part of the constitution , he thought , it would be hard to point out any considerable improvement . He might quote the words of Dr. Paley , who would be allowed to be a good authority on the subject . He might , like him , ask , Whom is this house composed of ? It is of men which come from every class of society , which produces considerable talent and information . In that house there were not only representatives of the landed interests , but of the commercial interest also ; there were men , who were the most distinguished in every liberal profession and honourable situation . He could not see what sort of men were fitter , to sit in that house , than those who actually had seats under the present mode of representation . As he therefore did not perceive any practical good that was to result from Changing either the mode of representation , or the description of persons who were to be representatives , he should oppose the bill . considered this a measure , the appropriate title of which would be `` a bill to lessen , the number of voters . '' It was calculated , he thought , to deprive a class of men of the right of voting , who , although poor , were capable of exercising that right as independently and as free from corruption as persons of affluence . He could never relish the idea of disfranchising a 515 man for his poverty ; and that would be the effect of this bill . In fact the proportion of freeholders which it would disfranchise would be enormous . In Coventry alone , the freemen disfranchised by such a measure , would amount to several thousands . Another objection he had to the measure before the house was , that it proceeded upon a principle of partial legislation , by enacting one law