they would appear . The tax would branch , out into such a variety of ramifications , and affect such a variety of important interests , that it could not be agreed to allow the noble lord the delay which he asked , and he had no doubt , that the noble lord himself would be 1027 better prepared to discuss the subject at a fixture period and to perceive the force of the objections to it . He therefore gladly acceded to his desire of an opportunity of re-considering it . Those who opposed the tax would lose no opportunity of stating their objections . They would lose no stage of the bill , and might afterwards object to the Speaker 's leaving the chair . They would in the mean time have an opportunity of gaining information on point which might otherwise remain doubtful , such as the drawback , & c. It was the interest of all therefore to accede to this proposition . did not think he should discharge his duty to that part of the country which he represented , if he did not enter his protest against the measure , observed , that though he did not think any thing could alter the opinion he entertained on the propriety of the measure , yet he should be glad to have time for considering a statement on the subject , which was this day put into his hands.—The bill was then committed pro forma , and ordered to be re-committed on Thursday . in consequence of a difference of opinion , which took place the preceding night , on a matter of fact respecting tin Slave-trade , thought it was necessary for him , in support of his opinion , to move for certain papers . It had been stated , that very considerable trade in slaves had existed for a long time between the merchants o this country and the Spanish colonies it South America , He thought , in justice to his late right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) , and to himself , it was necessary to state the nature and origin of this trade . In the year 1797 , when this country was actually at war with Spain , the government , having understood that there was no objection to receiving certain quantity of British manufactures in the Spanish colonies , issued an order of council from certain free ports in the West-Indies to the Spanish colonies . Afterwards they found , with gnat pain , that this order , which was made only with a view to the introduction of British manufactures , was made use of to cover a slave-trade . They therefore , in March , 1798 , issued another order in council , and directions to the commanders of his Majesty 's cruizers , in which order the word slaves was purposely omitted . The intention of the government had therefore been manifested for a long time against this branch of the slave-trade , 1028 and what was carried on was by a species of smuggling , that was perfectly unauthorised . There were subsequent orders that the trade should be allowed to be carried on during the present war as it was during the last . To confirm his statement in this respect , he should move for copies of the instructions given to the captains of his Majesty 's cruizers upon this subject , on the 20th of November , 1797. contended that the Slave-trade , which was carried on in this manner with the Spanish colonies , was the means of introducing an immense quantity of British manufacture , which would otherwise have been excluded . In the course of a single year he had known no less than 113 vessels , laden with British manufacture , to arrive in the ports of Spanish America , carrying with them on an average about seven slaves each , which was but a colour to the more important trade , the sale of British manufactures . From the acquisition of Jamaica , down to the present reign , there had been always a