yet , feeling the question one of great importance , and himself therefore bound to express an opinion upon it , he must give an impartial one ; and , therefore , keeping totally out of view all personal considerations , as with respect to lord Wellesley , and considering the question merely as between A.and B. he was clearly of opinion that the papers ought to be produced . For though the house was bound to maintain impartial justice with respect to the character and conduct of lord Wellesley , yet it was not bound to shut its eyes and ears to every thing else upon the great subject of Indian affairs . It would not be fair to give the authority of the court of directors against what had been done , neither would it be fair to give their sanction and opinion as an authority approving of that conduct which the house would be called upon to try . In the present instance , however , there was no great danger of the house being misled by the production of the papers , as the contents of them were already pretty well known . Thinking , therefore , that the production of those papers could be of no material advantage or disadvantage to the case of the noble lord , he was inclined to vote for their production , because he thought that the house had a right to be put in possession of the means of estimating and ascertaining the value of the authority of the court of directors . Although , perhaps , according to the strict rules of one of the courts of Westminster hall , those papers should not be granted , yet he conceived that parliament should not be fettered in the same manner . He could see no objection to the production of the papers in the shape they had been proposed , and as he thought they might convey much useful information to the house , he should support the original motion . observed , that nothing could be more widely different than the grounds which had been taken by the different gentlemen who were for the production of these papers . Some supported it as the means of exculpating the board of directors , and others as justifying the conduct of lord Wellesley ; while another hon . gent . seemed to consider , that the great advantage in producing the papers would be to interest the house in the affairs of India , and combine them with the enquiries that were to be made . All parties , however , appeared to agree in this conclusion , that it would be most unjust and unfair that 832 those papers should have any operation against the noble lord , or create any prejudice which might be to his disadvantage . The general argument appeared to him to have been completely answered by the right hon . gent . who moved the previous question . But the manner the noble lord meant to apply the papers , if they should be granted , appeared to him in the highest degree unjust . Whatever might be the opinion or the conduct of the court of directors , or of the board of controul , nothing would be more unfair than that lord Wellesley should be judged of , or condemned , through their medium . With respect to that noble lord , the house should consider itself somewhat in the nature of a grand jury , and although it might not be fettered by the same rules which governed inferior jurisdictions , yet it was bound not to depart from the substantial principles of justice . He did not feel that the house was driven to the dilemma which had been stated by an hon . gent . ; but if he had no other alternative but to chuse between permitting a false impression to remain , or to introduce a body of evidence which he considered contrary to the established principles of justice , he should prefer the former . He therefore felt himself obliged to oppose the production of