necessary to enlighten the understanding , or guide the deliberations of parliament . An hon . general ( Tarleton ) had evinced much anxiety to learn in what form the questions were put , to produce those opinions : whatever it was , was not now very material ; and from what had that night fallen in the course of debate , the house would see that the question did not arise out of any measure or proceeding now proposed . But whatever answers might have been produced , and however necessary the house might deem the opinions of military men , towards its own general information upon a topic of this sort , it was not probable it 786 would so far depart from the dignity of its own character , as to be guided implicitly and entirely by such opinions , as to what measures it should ultimately adopt ; or that , surrendering or abandoning its own judgment , it would put the enacting question , aye , or no ? to any military officer who might be examined at its bar , as to what measure that house might deem proper to enact . The noble lord seemed to think that the house of commons , in legislating regulations for the army , or limiting the duration of enlistments , assumed a power extremely new , and trenched unconstitutionally on the prerogative of the crown . But if ever there was a question on which the house could more properly , or ought more effectually to consider and legislate , it was this . Did the noble lord forget , that the power not only was not new or uncommon for the house of commons to exercise , but that it did actually , and of constitutional right assume and exercise it every year , in the passing of a mutiny bill ? by which bill the army , for whatever length . of time it might have been enlisted by the crown , could only exist from year to year , and must , de facto , be disbanded at the end of each year , if that bill was not renewed ; and therefore the house in legislating for the army on this occasion , acted upon a constitutional rights , which no man could now question . However necessary it might be thought to consult military opinions upon an arrangement like that proposed by his right hon . friend , he thought that the house , instead of being guided by those documents now called for , would act in a manner more becoming its own dignity , and more effectual for the public service , by exercising the judgment of its own members , taking the opinions , in a parliamentary way , of military men on both sides of the house , and consulting without doors the opinions of military officers in the circle of their acquaintance , and coming prepared , with the best information they could obtain , to discuss the subject fully . in reply to what had fallen from the noble lord , said , that his friend , the late chancellor of the exchequer , had indeed ; at one time , expressed himself in favour of limited service ; but that he had afterwards satisfied his mind , that it was not expedient to bring forward such a measure , and , on that account , none of the opinions that he had caused to be collected were laid before the house . In the present 787 case , he should ask , was it not a proper course , in order to form a sound judgment on the subject , for the house to obtain the best information from persons , whose practical knowledge of the army rendered them better able to judge , than those whose opinions could only be formed on speculative grounds ? He conjured the house to pause , before they sanctioned what would amount to a complete revolution in the military system , or adopted a measure from which if it should fail , there would be no retreat