lords , he would be sent to take his trial in that very court , where one of the ministers whom he had accused and irritated , would preside—and preside not merely to direct and influence the jury , but eventually in his own person , to award the amount of his fine , and the duration of his imprisonment ; and , my lords , let me be permitted to state another case , and to suppose , for the sake of argument , that the other house should direct the attorney-general to institute a criminal prosecution against one of his majesty 's present ministers , what , my lords , would be the sentiments of indignation excited from one end of the country to the other , to see that minister sent as a state criminal to the bar of a court where his colleague sits to judge him ? I may be told that these are cases which are not likely to occur , and that under such circumstances the learned judge would abstain from attending . I desire no better proof of the incompatibility of the two situations , than this ; namely , that in order to do his duty as a man , he must desert his duty as a judge , or as a minister ; and I must observe besides , that I desire a better security for the persons and property of my countrymen , than the discretion of any mortal breathing . My lords , the noble lord who now presides upon the woolsack , has long been the friend of liberty and the constitution ; I trust I shall have his support and countenance on this occasion . He can not , I assure him , feel more for the happiness and liberties of the people than I do ; and if we have not always agreed upon what measures We thought the best calculated to promote and to secure these great and important objects ; in this , at least , we can not fail to concur , that both are intimately and inseparably connected with the purity and perfection of public justice . I well know the sentiments of that noble lord on the importance of trial by uninfluenced juries , and by impartial judges . I know the indignation which would be kindled in his bosom , were a single individual in the country to 259 attempt , by the ties of private friendship , or the influence of social habits , to tamper with a single juryman in the most unimportant trial . I well know the jealousy with which that noble lord would have challenged , on the part of a client , the name of a single juryman who was necessarily prejudiced in the cause , or who was , in any way , identified with the prosecuting party . In the name of the people of England , I demand that the same principles may be applied to the twelve Judges . I desire that they may not be placed in situations where they can be supposed to be tampered with by the king 's ministers ; I desire that they may not go down to their courts , talked over by their colleagues in office , animated by the same feelings , participating in the same interests , under the influence of the same prejudices and the same habits . Far am I from being one of those who think the atmosphere of Downing-street and St. James 's so impure , that nothing can escape it unpolluted ; but of this I am sure , that neither the palace nor the treasury , are fitted to be the daily resort of British Judges . No man will go further than I would in increasing their affluence and augmenting their comforts , or in opening to them the door to those fair honours which they may properly enjoy ; but , in considering their interests , I will never lose sight of the more important interests of my country ; nor will I , whilst I breathe , silently submit to see