the Judges taken from that middle station between the subjects of the crown , and those who exercise its political functions , which is their proper sphere ; and where alone they can maintain that character for independence and uprightness which his majesty was graciously pleased to recommend in a speech from that throne , as essential to the impartial administration of justice , as one of the best securities of the rights and liberties of his subjects , and as most conducive to the honour of the crown . I shall conclude what I have to urge , by reading a passage from Mr. justice Blackstone . `` In this distinct and separate existence of the judicial power , in a peculiar body of men , nominated indeed , but not removeable at pleasure , by the crown , consists one main preservative of the public liberty ; which can not subsist long in any , state , unless the administration of common justice be in some degree separated both from the legislative , and also from the executive power . Were it joined with the legis- 260 lative , the life , liberty , and property of the subject , would be in the hands of arbitrary Judges , whose decisions would be then regulated only y their own opinions , and not by any fundamental principles of law ; which , though legislators may depart from , yet Judges are bound to observe . Were it joined with the executive , this union might soon be an over-balance for the legislative . For which reason , by the statute of 16 Car . I. c. 10 which abolished the court of start-chamber , effectual care is taken to remove all judicial power out of the hands of the king 's privy council : who , as then was evident from recent instances , might soon be inclined to pronounce that for law , which was most agreeable to the prince or his officers . Nothing therefore is more to be avoided in a free constitution , than uniting the provinces of a judge and a minister of state . `` —His lordship concluded with moving a resolution , stating it as the opinion of the house , `` that it was highly inexpedient , and tended to weaken the administration of justice , to summon to any committee or assembly of the privy council , any of the Judges of his majesty 's courts of common law . `` —On the question being put , said , he gave the noble lord full credit fur his assertions , that he was actuated by no party-feeling in bringing forward the present motion , or by any personal motives with regard to the noble and learned lord who was the present chief justice of the court of King 's Bench . He was perfectly convinced that the noble lord had not been influenced by any consideration of that nature , nor by a wish to embarrass his majesty 's ministers , who were , in fact , indebted to the noble lord for bringing forward this motion , inasmuch as it brought a subject into discussion , respecting which much misapprehension had gone abroad , but which he trusted would , by the discussion of this night , be completely done away . The proposition , itself , as made by the noble lord , was of an abstract nature , and he did not see any possible good that could arise from its adoption . He did not mean to look into Montesquieu for the law or constitution of England , neither upon such a subject did he acknowledge such an authority ; and surely the noble lord must have forgotten , for the moment , the place in which he was speaking , when he advanced general theories , tending to prove , not merely that the judicial and executive functions ought 261 not to be united , but that the judicial and legislative functions ought to be kept entirely distinct . Such a doctrine in that house Could never be recognized as a part of the