chair , stated that the house having , pursuant to order , waited on his majesty , with their address on the subject of his gracious speech , his majesty was pleased to return the following most gracious answer : `` Gentlemen , I thank you for this dutiful and `` loyal address . Your condolence on the loss of my late brother the duke of Gloutester , affords a new proof of your attachment to my person and family . Your cordial concurrence in my disposition to cultivate at all times an intimate connection with the emperor of Russia , gives 30 me the greatest satisfaction ; and the assurance of your unabated vigilance and exertion in the present posture of affairs enables me to look forward with increased confidence to such a termination of the contest as may be consistent with the safety and permanent interests of my do minions . `` —Lord Castlereagh , adverting to the notice which he bad given for this day relative to a vote of thanks to the officers , seamen , and marines engaged in the action off Trafalgar , stated , that as it was desirable to have a full attendance upon such a subject , he felt the propriety of postponing it to another time , when it could be discussed with more convenience to several members . The noble lord , however , intimated his intention of bringing forward this motion on an early day , and stated the probability that he should on Monday next mention the day.—Mr . Paull gave notice , that he should , on Wednesday next , move for the production of a letter from lord Melville , to the chairman , deputy chairman , and directors of the East-India Company , relative to their Indian debt , dated in June 1801 . The hon . gent . also gave notice , that on Monday he should move for a few more papers relative to the transactions in Oude , and the appointment of the hon . Henry Wellesley to be lieut . governor of the provinces in Oude . A message from the lords presented at the table , a copy of the answer delivered in by lord Melville to certain articles of impeachment preferred against him by the house of commons . The answer stated , `` that Henry lord viscount Melville , saving and reserving to himself all just exceptions in manner and form to the said articles of impeachment , and saving and reserving to himself such privileges as he is entitled to as a peer of the realm , for answer doth allege , that he is not guilty of all or any of the supposed crimes charged in the said articles ; and this he is ready to prove . And he submits himself and his cause to that right hon . house ; and prays that he may be discharged henceforth , and acquitted of the said charges . '' moved , that the answer just read from the chair be referred to the committee for drawing up the impeachment ; and that they do report their opinion on the same towards the further proceedings to be had in the impeachment.—Ordered . gave notice , that he should , on Monday , bring forward a motion which related to a subject that had caused the greatest grief and melancholy throughout the country : he meant the death of that illustrious personage the late chancellor of the exchequer . It was his intention , he said , to move , that some signal mark of public respect should be shewn to the memory of that great man . alluding to a motion of which a noble lord ( H. Petty ) had given notice for Monday , rose to enquire whether it was the intention of that noble lord to bring it forward ? At the time the notice was given , he observed that the noble lord did not seem disposed to press the question upon that precise day . As a matter of personal convenience to himself and other friends who certainly would be ill