there was no such thing in the constitution as a Cabinet ? We bad persons who advised with his majesty , who performed all the functions of government , who were known all over the country to be so , who were known as the Cabinet all over London , and even in the lobby , but , the moment we entered this door , then we were told that there was no Cabinet ! It might be true , indeed , that the constitution recognized nothing under the name of the Cabinet , but it was not the less certain that there was such an assembly with whoam the responsibility for whatever advice they gave his majesty rested.—Now , as to the question of responsibility ; the right hon . gent . allowed , that every individual who joined the council in advising his majesty , was responsible for the whole . Lord Ellenborough then might be responsible for the whole , and if this was the case , he would beg of gentlemen to consider , whether on the principles of reason and common sense , or those laid down by the best authorities , whether a judge ought to be 303 placed in a situation where it would be of lord utterly utterly impossible for him to divest him self entirely of the feelings of party , and which would naturally render him liable to suspicion ? Now , with respect to the class of examples mentioned by the right hon . gent. , there was a great and evident distinction between them and the case under consideration . It was not by any means unfit that a judge should form part of a council , which was to preserve the rights of sovereigns , but where no party politics prevailed . But here , in fact , the judge was under the controul of the executive government , and instantly became a party politician ; and , if ever there could be cases , where he should doubt whether it was proper that judges should occupy places as regents or governors , it would be in cases where these judges had in the first place been Cabinet ministers . The case of lord Hardwicke , he understood to be given up , [ no , no , from the other side ] . He certainly had heard nothing positively asserted on that head . But the truth was , that he , after accepting the office of the chancellor , had held his former situation for a short time , merely till a successor could be appointed . Why , he would give them another instance of this kind : lord Eldon had for two months subsequent to his acceptance of the chancellorship , held his former office of chief justice of the Common Pleas , till his successor could be appointed . Why , then , they remained with the single example of lord Mansfield . The right hon . gent . had said , that lord Mansfield had held both situations , and no notice had been taken of it by parliament , although the thing must have been notorious . Now , though positive evidence could not be had on this subject , yet he could bring circumstantial evidence that the thing was not generally known . There were surmises about it , and as often as it was alluded to , it was marked with reprobation . Indeed , 13 years afterwards , his having sat in the Cabinet while lord chief justice was imputed to him as a charge by tile father of a noble lord opposite to him ( lord H. Petty ) , and the question directly put to him , whether or not the thing was true . This was put in the most forcible terms , and lord Mansfield admitted it , but said that he had , for some time , begged leave not to act as an efficient member . From this it appeared that the example was by no means notorious , and it was still mere evident from the remark 304 of lord