between us . It is true , the hon . gent . and myself are not on those terms of intimacy and friendship we once felt for each other . We have differed however on no political sentiment , or on account of any thing connected with lord Wellesley ; still I think it would have been but candid and fair in the hon . gent , to have stated to me explicitly that he meant to lay on his oars and to take the safe course he has adopted . The papers however he moved for last night , bring before the public `` cause and effect , '' and having established by his reprobation of eight treaties , the pernicious system of lord Wellesley , he has done more service to the cause of justice and to me than any support he could have bestowed in bringing to conviction this ambitious and misguided nobleman.—But a declaration made by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. secretary Fox ) is of an importance that can not escape without some most serious observation . My respect , my esteem , my veneration for that revered , enlightened , and highly . respected character , make me the more deeply deplore his declaration of last night—he has stated all idea of retrospect to be out of the question . Where then , are we to look for a change of system , where is our fast hold on sir George Barlow , or any other Indian governor , if a solemn enquiry is not instituted ? I presume to say that the declaration of that truly great character has damped the spirit of every friend of freedom , and every friend of justice . What , said the hon , gent . was the pale , emaciated , worn-out frame of Mr. Hastings dragged to the bar for vengeance by political opponents or for example ! Now the right hon . gent . has said— ( here Mr. Paull was reminded by the speaker that he was not quite in order in noticing to the house what passed on a former debate ) the hon . gent . bowed and proceeded to the statement of the charge he had given notice of.—I shall proceed , said he , to lay the grounds for the charge I mean to bring against lord Wellesley , and if I abstain from any terms on this stage of the business that can be considered as objectionable by any man , it will not be out of compliment to the delicate 412 ears and fine feelings of a right hon . gent , ( Mr. H. Addington ) who on another occasion volunteered a good deal of advice ; not , sir , out of any dread of the reprehension of the noble lord ( Temple ) under me , who is so ready on every occasion to throw the broad shield of his protection and that of his family over the late governor-general of India.—To the southward of Mulrah and Agrah on the peninsula of Hindostan is a native prince called the Rajah of Bhurtpore , and though his fortress of that name has not yet found its way into the map , both his own name and that of his citadel will be remembered in the annals of India , of the British power , and in the annals of the English army when the battle of Placey , of Delhi , and Laswarie shall fail to excite interest in the page of history.—His first character and connection with the English nation I shall give in the words of lord Wellesley , and which I read to the house last night , and his fatal renown from the records of his gallant but unsuccessful opponent lord Lake . Previous to the commencement of hostilities against Dowlat Rai Scindia and the Rajah of Berar , as appears from the notes of lord Wellesley to lord Lake in the Marhatta papers , the friendship and alliance of this chieftain were appreciated as of the highest importance , and lord Lake was instructed to gain them