to the latter part of the royal duke 's amendment , the insertion of the words `` and for his conduct after the action , '' would be totally unobjectionable , and generally met his royal highness 's idea . The words were , therefore , ordered to be inserted ; and the motion , so amended , was agreed to , nem . diss.—His lordship then proposed the thanks of the house to rear-admiral the earl of Northesk , for his conduct in the said action , and to the several captains and subordinate officers in the fleet . A short conversation here took place between the duke of Clarence , the lord chancellor , and the noble secretary of state , chiefly on the most regular form of couching the motions : H. R. H. thinking the thanks to rear-admiral the earl of Northesk ought to be the subject of a separate motion . At length the propriety of this observation seemed to be admitted , and the motion was divided accordingly . The thanks of the house to the petty officers seamen , and to the royal marines , followed , and were voted with equal unanimity . The thanks of the house were then moved also to rear-admiral sir Richard Strachan , for his gallant and meritorious conduct , in the capture of a squadron of the enemy , & c. and afterwards to the officers and seamen under his command . took the opportunity to express his very high approbation of the character and professional conduct of the gallant officer in question , particularly on the important occasion winch gave rise to the present motion . took the opportunity to make some general observations , respecting the conduct and character of certain other officers , who were , perhaps , equally deserving of the praise and the gratitude of their country . He alluded to 82 officers , who were employed in hard and close services , watching the enemy year after year , and through all weathers ; who displayed the greatest zeal and talents , and wanted only the opportunity to signalize themselves , perhaps as brilliantly as those who were more fortunate . Such , for instance , was the case of that veteran deserving officer , admiral Cornwallis . With respect also to sir Robert Calder , he seemed to express his regret at what had taken place . He certainly , with an inferior force , had obtained a decided victory , and made captures . He meant not to arraign the decision of the court martial ; but , after such conduct on the part of that respectable officer , he regretted things had so turned out , as that he could not be included in the vote of thanks . said a few words in consequence of what fell from the noble duke , but in so low a tone , that we could scarcely catch a word from him . He seemed to express his sense of the merits of Sir R. Calder , as an officer ; but to be of opinion , that to topic alluded to , with a reference to the good of his Majesty 's naval service , should not be made matter of parliamentary discussion.—The question was then put ; the thanks to sir R. Strachan . & c. were voted unanimously , and the lord chancellor was desired to communicate them in the usual way . in pursuance of his notice of yesterday , called the attention of the house to the order of the 22d inst . for the printing of certain papers , relative to earl St. Vincent , which it was his wish should be discharged . It was not his intention , however , to press this on the house , without shewing his reasons for such a proceeding , which he trusted would prove as satisfactory to the house as they appeared forcible and convincing to his mind . In the first place , he insisted that the sole design of producing those papers was to gain time . From the commencement of this business