confer them . I conceive , therefore , the hon . gent . did not duly consider his motion before he propounded it to the house : for , surely , sir , if he had , he could not have imagined we would vote funeral honours , or monumental trophies , to a minister whose measures have been productive of so much misfortune to the country , and whose last and most important project , had so recently terminated in disasters so ruinous to Europe , and so seriously alarming to the British empire . I do not wish , sir , to push my objections to any greater length at this Moment : but I can not give my assent to a motion this night , which would be virtually a contradiction to the votes I have given for a series of years , against all the leading measures of that minister . said , drat he felt at all times a 58 reluctance to occupy much of the attention of the house ; his feelings on the present occasion incapacitated him still more from trespassing long on their time . He confessed he had entertained a hope , that the resolution , proposed by his hon . friend , would have been adopted without difficulty , and with unanimity . When in the year 1778 , a similar resolution had been proposed , with respect to the illustrious lord Chatham , it was assented to by the existing administration , notwithstanding that noble lord had been one of their most bitter opponents , and had reviled them in the strongest terms , accusing them of the grossest weakness , and the basest treachery . Great statesmen might certainly differ on questions of great importance , but , for his own part , he should consider Mr. Pitt entitled to the appellation of an `` excellent statesman , '' even did he believe that he had been guilty of occasional errors . The noble lord had stated , as a ground of his opposition , that Mr. Pitt had found the country in a prosperous state , and had left it in a ruinous one . Without any wish to provoke a discussion on this point , he would ask , at the time that Mr. Pitt came into office , what was the situation of the country ? He found it at the end of a most ruinous war , its commerce annihilated , its navy considerably impaired . What were the consequences of his efforts ? During the period of his administration , our resources had been doubled , our manufactures had been doubled , our seamen had been doubled , our shipping had been doubled . The funds , at the period alluded to , were much lower than they are now , after thirteen years war . The revenue was then barely equal to the interest of the debt , and the national expenditure was annually increasing that debt . The contrast in this particular was too obvious to demand illustration . That Mr. Pitt had imposed great burthens , was very true ; that he had discovered extraordinary resources , was as true . The question was not , whether the present war had been well or ill conducted ; he was sorry to hear this mentioned on the other side , because he earnestly desired on this motion unanimity . His hon . friend had taken his resolution , as he found it recorded on the Journals of the house . He had not altered an iota of the terms in which the similar one on the death of lord Chatham , which was acceded to by the administration of that day , had been conceived . He could not , therefore , with justice be ac- 59 cused of purposely bringing forward any thing in which gentlemen opposite might find it difficult to acquiesce . With respect to the illustrious character who was the lamented object of the present motion , he would only say of him , that he had exhausted his life in serving his country to the best