passages in Montesquieu and Blackstone , and contended that they must not take the mere theories of writers , against the invariable practice of the government . in explanation , stated that he did not say that he would have advised the noble and learned lord to have declined the appointment to a situation in the Cabinet , but that he would have recommended him to re-consider the proposition . said , that the importance of the subject compelled him to obtrude himself upon their lordships . No question more interesting could have been offered to their lordships , not merely on account of its connection with the lives and liberties of the people of this country , but it was important also in another point of view . It was one which vitally touched the very essence of the constitution . Before he addressed himself to the question , he would take an opportunity of declaring , that he did not yield to any one in that house in personal respect towards the noble and learned lord against the expe- 275 diency of whose appointment the motion of his noble friend was directed . Looking at the question as a question applying to lord Ellenborough , he would say that nothing would afford him more pleasure than to see lord Ellenborough , as lord Ellenborough , a member of the Cabinet , though he could not bring himself to approve of his being there as chief justice of the King 's Bench . He had the honour and happiness of knowing that noble and learned lord well ; on many great points he knew that their opinions concurred . In the present administration , to which , whatever might be thought , he had no hostile disposition , there were many of the appointments which he approved , and into which he should have considered the introduction of lord Ellenborough , were it not for his situation , as an arrangement highly desirable . He was persuaded , that while that noble and learned lord made part of the administration , that he would never allow the principles for which they had jointly contended , to be beaten down . The question to his understanding might be considered in three points of view ; either as relating to the constitution ; as it respected the particular instance ; or as the arguments drawn from analogy applied to it . He would not look to any foreign writer for the principles of the British constitution ; but upon the general principles of liberty , he could have no objection to consult so eminent a writer as baron Montesquieu . What was his opinion upon the division of political power in a state ? It was this , that it was more advisable that the judicial power should be separated from the executive , than that the legislative authority should be distinct from the executive . Such too was the opinion of that admirable writer judge Blackstone . For himself , he was not such an extravagant theorist , as to wish to push principles beyond practical utility . The course which a wise legislator would adopt , would be to make the exceptions to his general principle , not as numerous , but as few as possible . In his conception , there could be no union more dangerous , than that of a judge and a minister of state ; and such , to all intents and purposes , was the present chief justice of the King 's Bench . He was , and of necessity must be , identified with those who constituted what was called the government , in danger of becoming a party to all their passions and prejudices ; and giving him , as be did , 276 full credit for the utmost purity , it was impossible , that , in questions between government and individuals , he could be considered as an unbiassed judge . Suppose the case of a libel published against the administration of the country of which he made a part , was brought before him ; in what an