demand of the inn-keeper within a trifle . We never pleaded the statute ; nor , if there had been fifty statutes to bar the action , should we ever have resorted to that or to any other legal pretence to shelter us from an honest or an equitable demand . What we contended , and what I still believe to be true , 511 Was that the amount of the charge was exorbitantly unjust ; three times greater , as we at least were convinced , than the real expence . Several months before the action was tried , we made a public tender of two thirds of that and of all other demands on the same account , without examination , which several of the publicans accepted.—I shall now , sir , submit to you a few observations on the general tendency of the bill before the house . It is a duty , of which I am bound to acquit myself , by some particular considerations , which immediately concern me and a few others , and by no means the generality of the house . The first is the special relation and connection , in which my right hon . friend and I have heretofore acted together on the subject of a parliamentary reform . In April 1792 , a certain society was formed in this city , called `` The Friends of the People . '' My right hon . friend and I were members of it , with other persons , who now occupy some of the highest stations in his majesty 's service . In that Company I passed for a moderate reformer , and , I believe , not without some little discredit to me in their opinion ; though in fact moderation was the professed principle and the real character of the society . No doubt or suspicion of that kind could attach to the conduct of my right hon . friend . He fairly went the full length of his principles ; and so did some others , who are now too modest to boast of the part they took in those proceedings , or to make it any way the subject of immediate ostentation . In so numerous a society , various theories and opinions might naturally be entertained . Even they , who agreed in principle , differed in degree . In those days , the idea of reforming the house of commons by a scheme of universal representation , that is , by giving a vote to every hackney-coachman and chimney-sweeper in the kingdom , was by no means so much out of date or out of fashion as it is now . In our society , however , I do sincerely believe that it would not have prevailed , nor was any man so ill advised as to propose it in form . Nevertheless , I confess it was tot so directly rejected , or so explicitly condemned , as it ought to have been . On that account , the society itself was calumniated , and my right hon . friend and I were Cruelly misrepresented . We were at the Same time members of another society , ( the 'Whig Club , ) of a more convivial character and composed of greater names , where it 512 was the custom to deliver Many instructive sentiments from the chair . These admonitions descended upon us with great authority , because the chair was usually filled by a noble person of the first rank ; and they made a deep impression , because our hearts were open ; and , if we deliberated at all , it was at a moment , when few of us were capable of deceit . One of these admonitions was , never to relax our efforts in adversity , or to forget our principles in prosperity . It can not be denied that on the subject of parliamentary reform , my hon . friend and I laboured hard enough in the service of the commonwealth without fee or reward ; and , if we should forget our principles now ,