to the treaties , copies of which he laid on the table last Tuesday . Of these , the prints were ready for delivery . When the additional documents should be before the house , he should have to trouble their lordships with some observations respecting the nature and effect of those treaties , and the reasons for the farther communication of papers to the extent to which they should be laid before the house , and why a farther selection of papers was deemed unnecessary . He hoped what he then said would be sufficient to induce a 112 full attendance of their lordships , for the consideration of what he should submit.—After some routine business was transacted , the noble lord again rose , and stated , that on further consideration , he thought it would be proper , in order to insure a full attendance for the discussion of a subject of such public magnitude and importance , to have their lordships summoned ; and , as Tuesday next would most probably be the day on which he should have to submit the considerations to which he alluded , he should move , that the lords be summoned for Tuesday next : this , on the question being put , was ordered accordingly . presented an account of the expenditure of the ordnance , which had not been provided for by parliament , and an estimate of the probable events of that department for a certain period . The hon . member observed , that his motive in bringing forward this account was , in order that the department to which it referred should experience no obstruction , but that the treasury should be enabled to issue the sums necessary for its supply , until the new administration should be arranged , and prepared to bring forward the ordnance estimates for the year . The account , & c. was ordered to lie on the table , and the hon . gent . gave notice , that he would on Monday next , in the committee of supply , move the grants required.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee of ways and means ; the resolutions of which were read and agreed to , and bills ordered to be brought in accordingly.—Lord Stopford appeared at the bar , and stated that his majesty had been waited upon with the addresses of the house , relative to the erection of a monument to lord Nelson , at St. Pauls ; to the erection of monuments to captains Duff and Cooke ; the interment of the remains of Mr. Pitt , & c. and that his majesty was graciously pleased to express his readiness to comply with the wishes of the house.—Mr . Huskisson presented , a List of Accountants in respect of whom the execution of any process hath been controlled , suspended , or prevented , by authority of his majesty , within the year preceding the commencement of the present session of parliament.—Mr . Keene moved for copies or extracts of the proceedings of the 113 chief governor and council of India , respecting the several claims of individuals upon the late and present nabob of Oude , together with a report of the proceedings of the court of directors upon the same subject . '' Ordered . Mr. S. Bourne rose to move the reading of the order for a ballot upon the subject of the petition which related to the last Middlesex election ; with a view , he said , to follow it up by a motion , that that order should be discharged , and the ballot postponed to another day . The hon . member stated , that as it did not appear probable that the number required for a ballot , would in the present circumstances attend on Friday next ; and , as in case of their non-attendance , adjournment would of course take place , which would produce a delay attended with much inconvenience to the public business ; it was therefore his wish to fix the ballot for Friday , when the attendance of