the noble lord 's practical argument , that the more competitors you let in to the market , the more recruits you are likely to obtain , and at a small bounty . The noble lord tells us , too , that it was the intention of the late Mr. Pitt to make an addition of 20 or 25 thousand men to the army . And in fact , I have no doubt , that my right hon . friend will propose , not only to leave no deficiency in the effective force already considered proper to be kept up , but will suggest any further increase that may appear necessary.—It ought to be remembered that , with the exception of Russia , a power , however , whose alliance , desirable and important as it is , must be confessed to be too remote for producing a decisive impression on the Continent , we have no ally whatever of any consequence willing to fight for us . Such is the prosperous situation the noble lord describes . When this is considered , and the state of the Continent is taken into view , it must be allowed that it is time to think of increasing our Army . Both for the purpose of war , and what must be the establishment of any peace likely to be obtained , it is proper that the subject of the army should be maturely weighed . Indeed , by the circumstances of Europe , I am ready to confess that I have been weaned from the opinions I formerly held with respect to the force that might suffice in time of peace ; nor do I consider this as any inconsistency , because I see no rational prospect of any peace that would exempt us from the necessity of watchful preparation and powerful establishments . The subject of the army , therefore , must come before us in different shapes , and it presents itself in different views . If we can not obtain a safe and honourable peace , of which it is impossible , in the actual state of affairs , to be sanguine ; and if we do not obtain , in carrying on the war , that species of success hardly to be calculated upon , we must be reduced to that state which I , for one , can not contemplate without apprehension , that of 716 being , with respect to Europe , the `` Britannos toto orbe divisos , '' and be left to our own resources and our own colonial connexions , or be compelled to cultivate a system the most uphill , the most difficult , and the most perplexed , particularly after the ill success of our late Continental measures , which it is possible to conceive . Yet , perhaps , upon the whole , I am more inclined to the latter system , difficult and unpromising as it is . But it we do resolve to engage in that arduous and difficult struggle , demanding every effort and every exertion , or indeed whatever other system we resolve to act upon , a large army is indispensible . Even while foreign powers court our money , they feel a degradation in accepting it , and they do not view us in a favourable light under such a connection . But , whether we can have an army adequate to home defence and to foreign operations , may be doubtful . Yet I will say , that while we take due precautions for home defence , by training the population to arms , the true policy of the country is to rise superior to the panic of invasion , and to shew that our force and our courage are not to be confined at home.—Our enemy shews us , that by disregarding the danger of particular points , and by directing his forces where the occasion demands them , he has been able to spread his dominion , and to subdue his opponents . If that system to which I have alluded were to be adopted , a great army must