since the two countries were now on an equal footing in that respect , the practice . was not only no longer necessary , but highly improper , as tending to perpetuate distinctions that were hostile to the cordial and complete union of the two countries . So much was he convinced of the truth of a these observations , that should his majesty 's ministers , in the military plans they were on the eve of laying before the house , not make any satisfactory arrangements on this subject , he should certainly think it his duty to bring the question formally before the house . He hoped , however , that a subject so important would not escape their notice , and for that reason declined saying more at present , only that he gave his assent to the bill as a temporary measure , which ought as soon as possible to be superseded by some fixed and permanent principle . was of opinion , that it any discussion on this subject was at present premature . The late memorable and glorious victory of Trafalgar put an end to all apprehensions of invasion , so that in 489 this point of view there was no room for those embarrassments the hon . member had alluded to . The discussion was also premature in another respect , as those plans were not yet before the house which were expected from ministers on the military defence of the country , and it would be highly improper , he thought , to embarrass their proceedings , or anticipate their views on this subject . When those plans shall have been submitted , it will then be time to point out their defects , and to provide such remedies as their deficiencies way require . was not aware that such a bill was before the house , till the hon . gent . got up to speak on the subject . He perfectly concurred with him , however , that such a bill ought not to be brought annually before the house . If it was a proper measure , it ought to be rendered permanent and embodied in the constitution of the militia . But whether at the same time , he should agree with the propriety of the measure at all , was a question that would remain for him to determine when the subject should come more formally before the house . in reply to the first speaker on this question , respecting the great disproportion in numbers between the Irish and English Militia , stated , that it had been considered as a matter of policy by his majesty 's late government to have the militia establishment in Ireland as high as possible , as it did not at all interfere with the recruiting of the regular army , the bounty of three guineas , which was that given by the Militia ; bearing no proportion to ten and twelve guineas , which was the bounty offered by the regulars . His lordship observed further , that the vacancies that took place in the Irish Militia from recruiting into the line were easily filled up , and at a very small expence , as the colonels of those corps had only to receive a compensation of three guineas , which was the bounty for a new man . This circumstance contributed to keep the Irish establishment so very numerous , and at the same time was one of the readiest means of recruiting when necessary the disposable and regular force of the country . For this reason he should be glad if a similar system were adopted by his majesty 's new government in the arrangements they were about to submit to the house . said , as the whole of the military system of the country was soon to 490 be brought forward in one connected view , it would be much better to have any arrangements that might be thought necessary on this subject included in that general view , than to have it discussed in a detached form . The bill , however , was