be the last man to 375 propose it . He would either not propose it at all , or be would propose an adequate compensation to those who would be aggrieved . It had once occurred to him to suggest the propriety of giving to a non-resident the power of voting in the place in which he resided , instead of that for which he was originally qualified , but , on consideration , he found that such a man sustained no hardship by not voting . He would vote , if he did vote , to please himself . In parliamentary language , the elected bears the burthen ; the elector casts the burden . Adverting to one of the cases which he bad mentioned , that of the fidler , who went from Durham to Taunton to vote , what was it first induced him to go from Taunton to Durham ? Interest.—Had he been desirous to retain his power of voting , he should have remained at Taunton , where he possessed that power . Besides , by his residence at Durham , he had acquired a right of voting there , and he then came forward and claimed a vote likewise for Taunton . What hardship was there in saying , `` We do not take your vote away ; if it be an inconvenience to you , it is an inconvenience of your own making . '' Should the house , however , think it right that this inconvenience which a man brought upon himself should be remedied at the expence of the candidate , then he allowed there would be an end to his bill . It might be objected , that such a construction would go to disfranchise the 40s . freeholders . But though that was by no means his wish , nor should he be inclined to vote for such a proposition if it was brought forward ; yet he begged it might be recollected , that if the original institution of 40s . freeholders were considered , and the circumstances under which it took place , the original spirit of that measure would be found in no degree infringed by increasing the qualification to a much higher sum , and thereby removing , in a very great degree the evil of which he now complained ; for if the comparative value of money , in the reign of Henry . VI . and at this day were duly considered , it would be found the depreciation was as 15 to 1 , and consequently that a qualification of 30l . a year , at this day , was no more than adequate to one of 40s . in the former . Where then would be the hardship , if a man possessed of a freehold property of 30l . per annum , were called on once in seven years , to go at his own charge to give his vote at his county election ? The effect of the present system , 376 under which the number of 40s . freeholders had been so very greatly increased , was very considerably to decrease the number of candidates for elections , by the dread of the enormous expences to be incurred by election contests ; whereas the increase of qualification , by confining the elective franchise to that description of men , by whom it was originally designed to be exercised , would open a wide door for admitting to that house an order of men he very much wished to see there ; an order of men in which England more than any country of Europe abounded ; namely , men of moderate fortune , independent principles , liberal education , and sound understanding ; who well understood the constitution , and the true interests of their country and were firmly attached to the maintenance of the one , and the promotion : of the other . It had been suggested by some enlemen , that it would he advisable to establish a county-rate , for the purpose of paying the expenses of those electors , who resided at a