what tax they could substitute in the room of it ; but this was not the time to go into this consideration , for he hoped the right hon . baronet did not mean to go on this occasion into a statement of the finances of Ireland when so few gentlemen from that part of the United Kingdom were present . The loan contracted for the service of Ireland for the present year was a very large one , and therefore it would be highly improper to take off taxes until some substitute had been provided , and he therefore wished this proposition had not been made till the right hon . bart . opened the Budget , when the house would have an opportunity of seeing whether the tax proposed as a substitute was or was not more objectionable or more oppressive upon the poor than the one which it was proposed to repeal . Suppose , for instance , the right hon . baronet should propose a tax upon iron as a substitute , he would venture to say that it would press much more heavily upon the lower orders of society than the present tax , and there would be no exemption from it . He begged to observe that the exemptions granted to the poorer classes in Ireland were much more considerable than they were in England or Scotland . He had thrown out these observations not with any intention of opposing the right hon . bart . because he was fully aware of the difficulties of his situation ; he would al- 747 ways make his observations freely , but that should he as a friend , not an enemy . said , he could by no means agree with the right hon . gent . with respect to the amount of this tax , but even if the amount were as great as he had stated , he should still propose the repeal , as he did not think it formed a part of the regular financial system of Ireland . It was , as he had already stated , oppressive in its operation , and was calculated to produce perpetual jealousies and discontents . With respect to the tax which he should submit to the house in lieu of the one which he now proposed to repeal , that would be a subject of future consideration . It would be his duty on a future day to state to the house the ways and means for raising the supplies voted for the service of Ireland ; and he would then endeavour to propose such a scale of taxation as , while it provided for the exigencies of the state , should press as little as possible upon the lower classes of society . The house would then have an opportunity of judging and deciding upon the whole of the subject . He did not however think , that upon the present occasion his proposition should be met with phantoms and with ideal taxes which he might hereafter propose . He alluded to what had fallen from the right hon . gent . respecting the tax upon iron . This , as he had already stated , would be a subject of discussion on a future day . The right hon . gent . had admitted that this was an eligible tax to take off if it could be done with propriety , and he hoped that he should be enabled to propose taxes in lieu of this , which would be equally productive , and less objectionable . The right hon . gent . had stated that the exemptions were more favourable in Ireland than they were in England , but it should be recollected that in England there was a certain criterion to go by , viz . the parochial rates , which did not exist in Ireland . said he wished the right hon . bart . would state the amount of the tax which he proposed to repeal , as he thought that was a point upon which the house ought to be put in possession . He did not