comparison that could be made , Mr. Burke stood upon the same level with Mr. Pitt , and I do net see the reason for this difference . If the objections to Mr. Burke 's having a public funeral had proceeded from any hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) , or those who voted with him in those times , I should not have been surprized : they might have conceived that bestowing such honours on a man who differed diametrically with them in opinion at that time , would imply a condemnation of their own conduct . But that was not the case ; it was not from them that the objection came , but from gentlemen on the other side of the house , who took Mr. Burke as 51 the leader of their opinions , who cried him up to the skies , who founded themselves upon what he had done , but who were afraid , that if they consented to such honours , it would appear as if they approved of all the sentiments of that great man , some of which were , perhaps , of too high a tone for them to relish . They , therefore , would not , at that time , have agreed to a resolution which would have declared Mr. Burke an excellent statesman . When the French revolution broke out , it not only broke up the whole system of European politics , but it broke up , at the same time , many of the dearest connections which had united men in ties of private , as well as political friendships . I then differed upon that subject materially from the opinion of my hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) , and being , in a great measure , induced by the authority , and pressed indeed by the instigation , of the great man I have mentioned ( Mr. Burke ) , I connected myself with the administration of which Mr. Pitt was at the head . It is not to be supposed , that because I joined his administration , that I necessarily approved of every part of his system . The question with me was , whether , upon the whole , the forming that connexion , was not the most likely way to promote those objects , which , in my opinion , were desirable to be obtained . Whether in so doing , I judged right or wrong , or whether now , after the event , my opinion remains the same as it was before , are questions that are of little consequence . If I were to divide the whole of the political life of the distinguished person here spoken of , into two distinct periods , one the period before the breaking out of the French revolution , and the other the period subsequent to that event , and that I were called to declare , whether I thought that either , separately , or both conjointly , were of a sort to call for the honours now proposed , or to justify the character , ascribed in the resolution , of an `` excellent statesman , '' I must say , no . I have no wish to bring forward my opinion in that respect at the present moment ; but , when compelled to declare myself , I must say what I think . I can not consent to pronounce an opinion different from what I think the true one , and thus to contribute to mislead both the present time and posterity on a period of our history which it is most important for them to judge rightly of . With the fullest acknowledgement both of the talents and virtues of the eminent man in question , I 52 do not think , from whatever cause it has proceeded , that his life has been beneficial to his country . For the earlier part of it , including the commencement of his power , I must contradict every principle , that I ever maintained , if I said that it was so .