the learned judges in delivering their opinions ; namely , that in speaking to the point in question , they say , `` generally , '' or , `` generally speaking , '' a man is compellable to answer ; though he may , by so doing , render himself liable to a civil suit . But he could not suppose they meant otherwise , by the words `` generally speaking , '' than that he was compellable to answer , leaving it to be determined by the judges , whether this civil suit were of that nature as ought to bring him within any of the exceptions to 775 which they had many of them referred , but which , unfortunately , had not been explained . The question , however , now was , whether the doubt which prevailed should be removed , and he thought it could not be done too soon . The opinion of the right hon . and learned gent . ( the master of the rolls ) , seemed to him to be , in a great degree , warped , by adverting to the practice of the court in which he so very ably presided , but which , it was to be recollected , was a court of equity , the rules of which were very different from those of the common law . The right hon . gent . 's argument went to impugn the opinions of the majority of the judges ; but , highly as he thought of the right hon . gent . 's abilities , he did not think he should be justified in allowing himself to set it up against the opinions of the majority of the judges , who had , by their superior knowledge and abilities in the profession and practice of the law , raised themselves to the first stations of authority in it , and gave those opinions in the most serious and solemn manner , on a most important occasion . For his own part , he was clearly of opinion , that the majority of the judges were right in the decision they had come to ; but he did not mention his own sentiments , as of the value of a feather , in aid or support of what had been delivered by them . Then , said the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) , comes the question , whether the courts of law are to be sent to enquire into the merits of the subject , from the court of chancery ? He was , he owned , very much surprised , that any such doctrine could have been held , or even conceived . It was well known , the courts of law were much more ancient than that of equity ; and had rules by which they were governed , before the court of equity was ever known in this country ; and he believed lord Holt , or any of the great and learned judges who presided in the courts of law , both before and after him , would have been startled at being told , they were to apply to a court of equity for rules , by which they were to proceed in the courts of law . But the right hon . and learned gent . had said , he did not send you to a court of equity , he only travelled with you there ; but he did not see , for his own part , what the court of equity could possibly , in point of fairness , have to do with the question at all . He had looked over the papers containing the opinions of the judges , and he believed there was not in any of them the smallest allusion made to 776 a court of equity . He had no doubt but the learned judges had formed their opinions on the general principles of the common law of England , and not with the smallest analogy or reference to a court of equity . He thought , therefore ,