desertion , which was the bane of the service . He concluded with saying , that he should be sorry if these were only the singular opinions of himself , an individual unaccustomed to public speaking , and therefore the more diffident in addressing himself to the house ; but he had the satisfaction to state , that his opinion was fortified by that of the noble lord ( Melville ) who , however he might have lately fallen under the displeasure of the house , must be admitted on all sides to be a great practical statesman ; and he felt himself authorised to add , that had that noble lord remained till this time at the head of the admiralty , the suggestions which he now humbly submitted , would have been carried into effect . He hoped the house would pardon him the slight digression , if he further stated his perfect conviction , that it was to the measures adopted by that noble lord and excellent statesman , that we were indebted for all that extent of glory , which the navy of England had acquired in the course of the 917 last year.—The resolution was then agreed to . [ SLAVE IMPORTATION BILL . ] The Attorney General moved the order of the day for the farther consideration of the report of the bill for preventing the importation of slaves into the conquered colonies.—On the question being put , having several considerations to offer against this bill , from the effect it would have on the general commercial interests of the country , and which he wished to have an opportunity of communicating , without the necessity of making them public , submitted to the learned gent . the propriety of delaying this question two or three days : it could be productive , he thought , of no inconvenience to delay it till Tuesday . did not see why the consideration of the report should be delayed on that account . His learned friend would , he doubted not , readily agree to postpone the third reading until Tuesday , which would answer the same purpose . said , that if the report were now to be considered , he must call the attention of the house to several important points connected with this bill . He conceived now that the ports of the North were shut against our commerce , this bill would operate in still further injuring that , and our manufactures , The value of our manufactures exported annually to Africa was above two millions . How much of this gross amount would be affected by this bill , he could not pretend to say , but certainly enough to induce the house to pause , before , at such a crisis as the present , they sacrificed it . Our East-India trade would be materially injured likewise by its operation , as likewise our direct trade to the Spanish Main , which was highly profitable . What object was attained by the bill ? If the abolition of the slave trade , the plain fact that as we receded from the trade the Americans advanced in it , would be sufficient to shew the absurdity of the idea . Those , indeed , who professed to be the friends of humanity , ought scarcely to support a bill which was calculated to divert the African trade into a channel much more injurious to the interests of humanity , than that in which it then was . The last ship from Africa to Carolina buried 152 slaves on her passage , and yet her voyage was considered sufficiently profitable . If the bill passed , the consequence would be , that the manufacturers of Manchester , Stockport , and 918 Paisley , would be going about naked and starving , and thus by attending to a supposed claim , or relief from a distant quarter , we should give existence to much more severe distress at home . remarked , that as these observations went to condemn the principle of the bill , and not to introduce into it any modifications