. The question of private trade was before the house some years ago , and an arrangement was then agreed to , which is still in force.—The question must again necessarily come into view when the renewal of the company 's charter is agitated , and that ought to be in a few years hence , because the charter hat now but seven years to run , and the consideration of its renewal should not be delayed till the eve of its expiration.—It has been argued that the trade of India is open to all the subjects of Europe , except those of this country . This has never been a matter within our controul . The maritime nations of Europe had the privilege of trading 441 settlements in India , as early as we had , some earlier . Our acquisition of territory there did not deprive , them of their rights . Some of their settlements were without the pale of our conquests ; those which were otherwise , were confirmed to them by treaties ; and though the Indian continental settlements of the nations with which we are at war , are at present in our possession , it does not follow that they may not hereafter be restored . Besides , we do not regulate the trade of foreign Europe or America with our Indian territories on the principles of colonial exclusion . We could not do so , or if we did , the nations who have no settlements of their own there , might shut out our Indian goods from their ports . Whenever we are at war , all the neutral nations of Europe and America must carry on the Indian trade with more advantage than either the India company or the individuals of this country can . They save war insurance which we must pay ; they otherwise navigate cheaper , and they sail at the most convenient times . The Americans undoubtedly avail themselves of this state of things , and in a way contrary to the letter and spirit of the treaty of commerce and amity made with them in 1794 . By that treaty , they were allowed a direct trade between our settlements in India and their own ports in America . They now carry on a circuitous trade between India and foreign Europe , in violation of that treaty , and they even supply our own colonies with Indian commodities . The East-India company are not to blame in this . It is a subject for the consideration of government , and they no doubt pay due at tention to it.—In answer to the enquiries of the hon , gent . ( Mr. Francis ) , I would observe , that the quantity of 19 millions of dollars , said to have been imported in the course of some years into India , probably includes the export of bullion from this country , making a considerable part of the whole ; the rest must come from America and Foreign Europe . That there is little circulation of specie in our principal Indian settlements , is true . Paper constitutes the chief circulation there ; but in all the interior of our vast possessions ; specie only circulates ; the manufacturer , the peasant , the trader can deal with nothing else . A great proportion , therefore , of the imported bullion , being coined into rupees , no doubt , circulates in the interior of our own possessions . But a part , I believe , goes to countries beyond them for the 442 purchase of the productions of those countries , and does not return to us . In answer to the question , where the cargoes brought by foreigners from India are sold ? 1 apprehend in foreign Europe and America.—But to return to the main subject ; I must repeat that no conclusion can be drawn from any insulated document respecting it . It is a very complex subject , and I must deprecate any discussion , or the inference of any important fact from a partial view of it . Since the