other near relations of the deceased minister , with whom I am now likely to be , for the remainder of my life , inseparably connected . The vote , therefore , may be considered as one not given to gratify any feeling of private animosity , or of public ambition , but extorted by a most painful but imperious duty . In every party point of view then , whether my object should be to conciliate those who have the warmest attachment to the memory of Mr. Pitt , or to join with those who are already my political friends , my plan would be to support the hon . gent . 's motion . I will go farther , and say that if feelings were to be allowed to direct our conduct on this occasion , the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Rose ) might address to our feelings arguments much more powerful than those which he has just now addressed to our reasons . I , sir , have been engaged in a long course of opposition to the person for whom public honours are now claimed . I may say that I have been considered , and perhaps it may be called an honour , as his rival . But I do assure the right hon . gent . and his most zealous admirers , that , during all that time , I never opposed him from a personal motive in my life . I will go still farther , and say , that another motive would lead me to support the motion , and that is 61 the respect which I entertain for many of Mr. Pitt 's personal qualities . Great qualities he certainly had , in no ordinary degree , in private life ; and great qualities also in points connected with his administration . I do not think this a proper time to enter upon the particular acts of that administration ; but in the measure for the establishment of a real sinking fund , he had always my warmest support , and I freely declare my opinion , that this has done a great deal of good to the nation , and , that for this , therefore , the country is highly obliged to him . There is another quality for which he deserves great praise . No minister was ever more disinterested , as far as related to pecuniary matters . His integrity and moderation , in this respect , are confirmed by the state of his affairs when he died . I allow that a minister is not to be considered as moderate and disinterested , merely because he is poor during his life , or at his death . But when I see a minister , who has been in office above twenty years , with the full command of places and public money , without any peculiar extravagance and waste , except what might be expected from the carelessness that perhaps necessarily arose from the multiplicity of duties , to which the attention of a man , in such a situation , must be directed ; when I see a minister , under such circumstances , using his influence neither to enrich himself , nor those with whom he is , by family ties , more peculiarly connected , it is impossible for me not to conclude that this man is disinterested . I must say , that he has , with regard to private emolument , acted with a high degree of integrity and moderation . In the course of the long administration of Mr. Pitt , all that he took for himself was , I believe , the wardenship of the Cinque Ports . This was certainly in him highly disinterested ; and his disinterestedness in this respect shines with the more lustre , when we consider the mode in which , according to report , this reward has been since disposed of . I , therefore , sir , have every reason , from my intimate friendship and near connection with the living , and from my own private feelings