from which , deducting those who have volunteered , 3,817 , which , in this view , were to be left out of the question , left , of limited force , 4,895 , not one-half of the proposed augmentation of Irish militia , nor near one-third of the Irish militia , and the deficiencies of the supplementary militia , making together 17,000 men , and which could have been raised , without any difficulty , in a very few months . — The measure had equally failed in furnishing that immediate augmentation of the disposable force which the state of the domestic defence ( then allowed on all hands to be complete ) enabled the then government principally to turn its attention to . The total force at home , the 1st of July , 1804 , was 181,569 , a greater force of this description than we have been in possession of at any other period of our history ; and of which 28,890 of the regular army was stationed in Ireland , far exceeding any force that country ever had , either before or since , for its protection . The force at home , 1st March , 1806 , amounted to 172,677 , being 8,892 less than on 1st July , 1804 . On the 1st of Oct. , 1805 , the additional force had added by volunteers to the disposable force 4,176 , not being one-third of 14.800 , the number proposed to be annually gained , and including 2,732 from the army of reserve , which to this purpose was to be considered as additional force ! ! —With reference to the increase of disposable force , it had likewise I failed on comparison with the measures it I superseded . The house would recollect , that it was proposed at that time to raise 20 1010 regiments , for 4 of Which letters of service were afterwards issued ; and it appeared by returns before the house , that in about 12 weeks 3,400 men were raised on account of these new levies ; whereas , on the 14th of March , 1806 , the volunteers from the additional force only amounted to 3,817 , onefifth of the rejected plan , raising in me quarter of a year within a few hundreds as many men as had been done by the whole of that measure , in 1 year and 3 quarters , by which it had been superseded . —Having thus fairly examined this measure , he thought himself warranted in declaring , that it had totally , absolutely , and completely failed in all its parts . It had , however , been said , that the measure had been more productive lately ; but it was material to enquire how it became so , the means made use of to make it so , and the effects upon other branches of the public service ; whether the modes by which this increase had been procured were legitimate or illegitimate . What were these modes ? By crimps , by high bounties , and by breach of the law , in extending the recruiting districts beyond the limits prescribed . By means most illegitimate , consolidating and splicing together the two bounties given each for its own peculiar purpose , and legal when so applied , and using them , if not strictly illegally , yet certainly contrary to the principles of the measure , to defraud the disposable of those men who , had not such means been resorted to , would have been procured by ordinary recruiting : and , by all these means , raising up a competition against the recruiting for the disposable force ; and which , if not speedily done away , would end in its total destruction . This increased produce commenced with lord Hawkesbury 's letter of the 16th of Sept. , 1805 , to which , and his letter of the 31st Dec. , 1805 , with their enclosures , he now referred ; and demonstrated from them , that government had abandoned their original intentions of employing parish officers , and