especially from the north . He hoped , however , that the committee would soon be enabled to complete the business , as far as the house had hitherto proceeded . He thought it right to state , that it was intended to present a special report to the house , respecting certain circumstances that had come to their knowledge since they had entered upon their labours as a committee , with a view to lay the foundation for a fresh article or two of impeachment against lord Melville . This he said , in order to give the house all proper information respecting their proceedings , and to prevent any person from saying hereafter that he was taken by surprize . At the same time , though the grounds of the report were settled , and the report itself almost ready to be presented , it was still thought proper to withhold it till Mr. Trotter could be examined . The hon . gent . concluded by moving for leave to bring in a bill `` to indemnify persons who shall give evidence against Henry lord viscount Melville , towards or upon the impeachment voted against him by the commons of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , in parliament assembled , in respect of acts done by such persons in any office or employment held by them under the said lord viscount Melville , during the time he held and enjoyed the office of treasurer of his majesty 's navy . '' observed , that the object of the bill now moved for , seemed to be exactly the same with that which he had thought necessary to suggest last year . His view was to render the witnesses free from all bias whatever , either on one side or the other , and this , in his opinion , was not to be effected without removing all fear of a liability to any danger from any thing they might disclose either by a criminal prose- 161 cution , or a civil suit . Being of this opinion , he had , of course , suggested the amendment which had been carried in this house . The judges had certainly given no opinion , and in fact had refused to give an opinion on a question put to them on such a broad basis . But , however , he hoped , that the witnesses would be free from all bias , so that every chance of justice might remain both for the individual and the public . With this object in view , he could have no objection to the bill bring brought in , and as the principle had already been recognised by the house , he saw no reason why it should not be suffered to proceed with all the requisite dispatch.—The question was then put , and leave given . After which Mr. Whitbread brought in the bill , which was read a first and second time , committed , reported , and ordered to be read a third time to-morrow . was sworn , and took his seat , on acceding to the peerage , on the demise of his father , the late lord.—The malt , and place and pension duty bills were severally read a third time , and passed , and messages ordered to acquaint the commons there with.—Mr . Graham from the inspector of convicts , presented at the bar the annual accounts of the state of the convicts on the River Thames , and at Portsmouth ; which were odered to lie on the table . A message from the lords communicated their lordships ' assent to the malt duty bill , and the pensions , sugar , tobacco , and snuff duty bills.—On the motion of lord Folkestone , the account on the table , stating the progress made by the commissioners for reducing the national , debt for the year ending the 31st of Jan. last , was ordered to be printed.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee of ways and means . The resolution for an issue of five millions