there were any objections to it , of which he was not aware , for the case appeared to him to be a clear one . said the house would excuse him for calling their attention to this subject ; but it was his duty , as he felt it , to state what he understood to be the recent practice of the house , which was , on every proposition for bringing forward any measure on which the house was to act , to give notice of its being intended to be brought forward . That being done , the measure , if in the opinion of the house public exigency required it , might go through all its stages , though a bill , in one day , as had often happened ; so that the hon . gent . might be as forward by moving this matter to-morrow , after notice to day , as if leave were given to bring in the bill now . This was the modern practice 142 of the house , of which it was his duty to remind it ; whether it was to be adhered to , or abandoned , was with the house to determine . submitted to the chair , and admitted the correctness of this statement of the practice , which was , however , but a modern practice . It was no essential part of the proceeding of the house to give any notice of a regular parliamentary motion , although it was certainly convenient in practice ; but he might perhaps venture to doubt whether the house ought to make so low a bow to a modern practice , as not in any instance to deviate from it , however urgent the case might be . said he did not presume to state that no member was at liberty to bring forward a measure without notice ; but he thought it his duty to call the attention of the house to what had been , generally , the recent practice on such occasions . said , that it had been the fashion of the house , for a considerable time , to conform to the practice referred to by the chair , and the question on this occasion was , whether that practice should be attended to , or whether it should be given up to gratify the wishes of the hon . gent . That hon . gent . professed to think , that no notice whatever was necessary ; and he wished to have the bill alluded to , read a first and second time on the same day . If such a thing were to be admitted , and the practice were to go on , a bill might be actually passed through all its stages in one day , and if so , what guarantee could the house have against being taken by surprize upon the most important measures ? As the bill proposed by the hon . gent . could not really be so very urgent in point of time , he saw no reason why it should be pressed forward so precipitately.—With respect to the measure itself , if he understood it right , it could not be intended so much to remove doubts as to establish a new principle of law , and therefore he thought the real object of it should not be disguised : though in the instances that had been quoted as precedents , it appeared that the individuals formally resigned , but substantially held the offices , yet it was evident that they thought they could not consistently with law hold them formally . These persons acted under an impression that they could not legally hold them . The legal principle was , that no person 143 could hold two offices , one of which was subordinate to the other , and immediately under its controul . If it was the object of the hon . gent . to remove this disability , and establish a new law on the subject , he begged of him to let the house know it , that