letter of theirs of September 1803 , in which that Treaty is distinctly recognized , and rather favourable opinions expressed of certain arrangements respecting the ceded territories . Now , the fact , Mr. Grant said , which he asserted , and which he still maintained , was , that the court of directors did not know till pretty late in the year 1804 , any particulars of the negociations with the Nabob of Oude in 1801 , which ended in that treaty . The treaty came home nakedly , without explanation or comment ; afterwards public letters upon the revenue business of the districts which had been ceded by that treaty came home , and were answered in the usual routine of business ; one of the answers of the court the hon . gent . had quoted ; but all this time the court were ignorant of the means by which the districts had been acquired . The details of the negociations were sent , after long delay , by lord Wellesley to the Secret Committee ; and in the recesses of the secret committee they were locked up till late in the year 1804 . Then and then only the court of directors were allowed to see them ; and from these details it already appeared , that the cession of the districts had been produced from the Nabob by mere coercion , by absolute compulsion . The court of directors could not sanction what they held to be flagrant injustice ; they thought it their duty to remonstrate against it , and this is done in the letter to which the hon . gent . alluded , written early in 1805 . The hon . gent. , continued Mr. Grant , says concerning this letter , that it was written at a time when the directors were pretty Sure 873 it could not reach marquis Wellesley in India , and , therefore , when he could have no opportunity of answering it . But it has been already explained , that there is as continued chain of correspondence between the company and the governments in India : this chain is not broken upon the removal of a governor . The sentiments of the court of directors must still be transmitted upon all important events that pass there to the last moment of any governor 's residence—sentiments however which it may be impossible for him to learn during his stay in India . Nay , answers to letters written by the Bengal government in lord Wellesley 's time , have gone out since his arrival in England . This is unavoidable in the course of business , and has proceeded from no fear of meeting the discussions of lord Wellesley on any subject . The hon . gent . has further accused the court of Directors , of having written a letter in 1802 to lord Wellesley , desiring him to continue in the government of India , and then of brining forward , in 1805 , censures for acts clone be- fore 1802 . It is sufficient to say to an accusation otherwise so little conclusive , that by the influence of lord Wellesley 's powerful friends in this country , the court were induced in 1802 to ask him to continue one year longer in the government , in order to carry on a plan of retrenchments in expenditure which he was understood to have begun , and soon after the arrival of that letter in India , instead of pursuing that plan of retrenchments , he launched out into those measures of foreign policy and war which have had such unfavourable effects upon the company 's affairs . Mr. Grant concluded by saying , the directors were prepared and deter mined to maintain all they had advanced against marquis Wellesley , and were confident they should be able to substantiate every part of it . had no doubt that it was the wish Of the house as well as of the relations of marquis Wellesley , that the course they might take should not preclude investigation , but at the same time , he