under a general question , to give a decided opinion upon.—With respect to the 3d question , they were unanimously of opinion , that a witness in the situation described , could not he repelled on the ground of being interested , as whatever was offered , on condition of his making a full and fair disclosure , could legally make no difference with respect to his evidence , he being bound by his oath , by law , morality , and honour , to declare the truth , the whole truth , and nothing but the truth . expressed his disappointment at the opinion which he had just heard from the learned Judges , which he had expected would have been decisive one way way or the other . In order , however , to obtain an answer , which might perhaps be all that would be necessary , with reference to the bill , he begged leave to propose another question , whether , according to law , any officer or agent employed under any officer entrusted with the application of the public money , could demur to answer to any question relative to the matter in issue , the answer to which might render him liable to any suit respecting the application of such money ? This question , however , he was very willing to withdraw , if any other noble lord suggested a better mode of attaining the same object . It being suggested by the clerk that the answers of the Judges should be delivered in writing , they were accordingly delivered . The answer to the third question was similar to that given verbally by lord chief justice Mansfield . The answer to the other two questions stated , that they were so 224 general in their nature , that the Judges could not give a satisfactory answer . said , it would be in the recollection of their lordships that he had on a former occasion expressed his doubts , whether they would derive much precise information from the opinion of the Judges upon such general questions . The great difficulty in his mind , with respect to framing more specific questions was , that they could not do so without going into the merits of the case which was to come before them by impeachment , and upon which they ought to preserve their minds clear from all previous opinions upon the subject , until they came before them regularly in evidence . objected to the noble lord ( Auckland 's ) question , on the ground of its being too particular , and protested against the admission of the Judges ' answer , because it recognized a principle which he contended was unparliamentary , viz . that questions referred to the Judges should be of a particular and not of a general nature . He was decidedly of a contrary opinion , and had no hesitation in saying , that it had been the uniform practice of parliament before the trial of Mr. Hastings , and that it was essential to the preservation of the independence and dignity of their lordships ' house , the highest judicature of the kingdom , to refer no questions to the Judges of a particular nature , but to consult them on the general point of law.—All questions that it could become the house to refer to the learned Judges , were in his opinion reducible to these three heads . 1st , a question of pure abstract law , illustrated by an A. and B. case . 2dly , a question on the practice of the courts below . 3dly , a question on the construction of a particular act of parliament.—If , therefore , this was sound constitutional doctrine , and the Judges were permitted to decline answering questions because they were general , it would follow , either that the house must depart from the principles of their ancestors and the wholesome constitutional maxim of confining their questions to general points , or the attendance of Judges would become nugatory and useless.—The reason of the principle laid down , was obvious