to determine upon some further amendments , which would produce the desired effect . Lords Holland , Stanhope , and other peers , defended the bill , under the circumstances of the case , as it now stood , and were adverse to any further delay to its passing , which they contended ought speedily to take place ; it was also observed , that the bill with the amendments had lain on the table for several days , and noble lords had had sufficient time to have called the attention of the house to the subject . defended the bill in its present shape , upon the legal grounds he had formerly adduced in support of it ; and contended , that the declaration , as so worded , would , by confining it to the single species of demurrer , be a sufficient rule for the learned judges . The bill , however , he observed , had improperly been called his bill ; though his was the hand that presented it to the consideration of their lordships , it was founded upon the proposition of a noble and learned lord then present . In future , should he propose any 952 thing in the shape of an act of parliament to their lordships ' consideration , it should be purely his own ; and then he should rightly have to stand or fall by its merits or demerits . in further explanation , observed , that though the bill , with the amendments , might have lain for several days upon the table , yet it was incumbent upon those , in the case of a legislative measure of such importance , urging the passing of the bill so amended , to give some notice of the time they proposed for the consideration of such amendments , and to have the lords summoned thereupon.—After some further discussion , the question was put , and the original motion for taking the amendments into immediate consideration , was negatived without a division . The amendments made by the commons were then formally taken into consideration and agreed to . rose to make a motion , which , in his mind , was of the utmost urgency . He had been given to understand by a noble lord ( Auckland ) , that there would be no objection to the motion with which he should conclude ; but he felt its object to be of so much importance in its nature and probable effects , that no time should be lost in submitting it to their lordships . rose to observe , that if the motion which the noble lord meant to bring forward , was of such very great importance , he begged leave to submit to him , whether it was not improper to bring it forward in so thin a house . said , that the object of his motion , in the first instance , was merely to move for important information to be laid before the house . If the noble and learned lord had been in possession of that information , he would not be so forward in proposing delay , and that respecting a matter which so vitally concerned the great majority of the community . The most imminent danger hung over the present situation of the country , and not only the comforts , but the wants of the people might be put to hazard . rose again , and called the noble lord to order . It could not be fairly said of him , that he treated any thing that regarded the subject with levity . No man was more alive to the interests of the subject than he was ; and he could give no better proof of that respect for them , than 953 the wish he had expressed , that whatever concerned the people should be seriously and deliberately discussed . contended , that the learned lord seemed not to be aware of the difficulties and dangers to which he alluded . There was no knowing to what an alarming degree a scarcity might soon be experienced