be estimated at less than 10,000l . per ann . ; and the expence of the volunteer force for the defence of the place at 4000l . per ann. , exclusive of a sum of 8000l . which was necessary to complete the fortifications ; and that in consequence of the said report the house granted to the said company a sum of 10,000l . to defray the expence of the civil establishment of the colony for the year 1804 ; a sum of 4000l . to defray the expence of the volunteer force for the same year ; and a farther sum of 4000l . ( in part of 8000l . ) to be applied to the purpose of completing the fortifications ; and that during the last session of parliament the house renewed the grant of 10,000l . to defray the expence of the civil establishment of the colony ; and 4000l . to defray the expence of the volunteer force in the year 1805 ; and that the recommendation of the committee to 346 transfer to government the civil and military authority of the colony has not yet been carried into effect , although application for that purpose has been made to his majesty 's government by thy petitioners ; and therefore praying the house to take the premises into consideration , and that the sum of 14,000l , may be granted to the said company for the expences of the said settlement for the year 1806 ; and also the sum of 4000l . ( being the remainder of the sum of 8000l . ) for the purpose of completing the fortifications . '' Ordered to lie upon the table.—Lord H. Petty , moved the order of the day for the further consideration of lord Collingwood 's annuity bill ; which being agreed to , he said , that the circumstances of lord Collingwood 's family made it necessary to advise what had been before proposed , and he had it in command from his majesty to recommend that revision . He then moved , that it should be recommitted for Friday next ; which was agreed to . His lordship next moved , that the house should to-morrow resolve itself into a committee to consider of the circumstances of lord Collingwood 's family ; which was agreed to.—The Foreign Soldiers ' Enlistment bill was read a second time , and committed for to-morrow.— Lord Temple , in moving the order of the day for taking into consideration the subject of allowing wool to be imported into the united kingdom from the British colonies in America , wished to observe to the house , that the importation of this article was already allowed from the united states of America , from Spain , and other countries , and that what he now proposed was no more than an extension of it to our own colonies . Mr. , Harrison wished that the provisions of the bill should be confined to a limited time ; to which the noble lord replied , that he could have no material objection . The resolution to that effect was then agreed to ; and a bill ordered to be brought in upon it.—The Marine Mutiny bill went through a committee , and the report was ordered to be received tomorrow.—Mr . Alexander reported from the committee of supply ; the resolutions which the committee had directed him to report to the house ; viz . 1 . That a sum , not excepting 1,045,353l . 12s . 11d . be granted to his majesty , for the ordinary of the navy , including half-pay to sea and marine officers , for the year 1806 . 2 . That a sum , not exceeding 1,980,830l . be granted to his majesty , towards the buildings , re- 347 buildings , and repairs , of ships of war in his majestY 's and the merchants ' yards , and other extra works , over and above what are proposed to be done upon the heads of wear and tear and ordinary , for the year 1806 . 3 . That a sum