charter was granted ; and accuses him of not understanding it . Undoubtedly this act is a very long one , and in some parts , a little confused and unintelligible , particularly to those who are not acquainted with the local circumstances of India ; but the part of the act to which alone the motions of the hon . gent . apply , are so plain , that I think it can be necessary for a gentleman to do nothing but read them , to be persuaded of the truth of what the hon . gent . has stated , that the provisions have been violated in almost every particular . But the noble lord says , the act provides for the appropriation of the surplus , if any ; but could never mean to enact , nor could even be construed to mean to enact , that there should be a surplus . I conceive , sir , very differently . I confess I look upon this act as an agreement and bargain , between the company of merchants trading to the East Indies and the government of Great Britain . The government , for the public , gave to that company the exclusive right of trading to that part of the world ; they surrender the right of the public to participate in the advantages of this trade ; and , in return , require certain things at the hands of this privileged company . The remuneration , to be sure , is small enough . In return for the advantage and profit of an exclusive trade , the public ask for nothing but an annual payment of 500,000l . But surely , sir , that is as much a contract as can be entered into ; and , if the terms of the agreement are not fulfilled on either side , the contract is at an end . Now , sir , what is it that the law requires of the company , in return for the advantages conceded to them ; how is the money arising 201 from this lucrative trade appropriated ? In , the first place , the act provides , that the military and civil establishments in India should be defrayed from the profits of the territorial revenues of the company ; and then , that a sum , not less than a million of money , should be set apart for the purpose of purchasing goods to bring to Europe , or , to use the words of the act , for providing an investment . The noble lord may perhaps say here , that no man could suppose that a law would be passed requiring that there should be such profits . But , when two parties enter into an agreement , and one takes great exclusive advantages , and promises to do certain acts , I should be glad to know , whether the non-performance of these acts is not a termination of the contract altogether . The company take the advantages offered—they take the profits ; the act gives them up this ; and then says , they shall do so and so with them : are they to continue to enjoy these rights and advantages without performing what the act requires ? Well , sir , this investment , so purchased , is to be brought home and sold for the benefit of the company , and the profits arising from the sale are to be disposed of , 1st , in paying the dividends ; 2d , in honouring bills of exchange to the amount of 500,000l . and , 3dly , to paying 500,000l . more into the exchequer , for the benefit of the state . Now , sir , there is a curious question arising here , and I am inclined myself to lay great stress on the argument of the hon . mover ; viz . that , if this investment is really not purchased with money arising from the territorial revenues , after the expences of the civil and military establishments have been provided for , the dividends really ought