observing it was in consequence of that very report that those measures were taken , which , for three years subsequent to that period , produced the most calamitous consequences in the West-Indies . He could not conceive , besides , that the opinions of the lords of trade in 1784 , could , upon this question , be of much use in 1806 . He objected also to the practice adopted by the noble lord of moving for papers relating to particular years without moving for those respecting the intermediate years . contended , that this and many other papers which he still had to move for , would explain the state of that trade at different periods , and the various opinions that were entertained of its tendency.—After some conversation , the motion was agreed to , and the noble lord proceeded to move for a similar report delivered in Jan. 1791 , and for a copy of all the memorials presented at different times since 1801 , against suspensions of the navigation laws . declared , that not one of the papers moved for by the noble lord had the least relation whatever to the object of the bill before the house . The object of that bill , he wished once for all to declare , seemed to be wholly misunderstood by the noble lord . It by no means intended the introduction of any change in the navigation laws ; its whole object was to make that lawful which was now unlawful , and to make ministers responsible instead of their subordinate servants . As to the papers , they were so voluminous , that it would employ 60 clerks , for mouths to prepare them , which would prove a serious derangement to public business , without mentioning the expence attending the production of them . If it was intended to create delay by moving for such volumes ; that intention would be frustrated , for he was determined to proceed in the 2d reading of that bill , without waiting for any such papers . wished only for an extract ; but this was also objected to , unless the noble lord would point out some particular part to be extracted . took the opportunity of declaring , that he would not consent to postpone the 2d reading of the bill on account of the papers moved for by the noble lord . suggested , whether the noble lord had not better move , amongst other voluminous works , for Anderson 's History of Commerce and Postlethwaite 's Dictionary.—After some further conversation the motion was negatived . then moved for copies of all memorials and petitions presented to the board of trade since 1801 , relative to suspensions of the navigation act . objected also to this motion , as the memorials ( there were no petitions ) would form several folio volumes , and were of no consequence to the question . Any of the memorialists , who now thought it necessary , might petition the house against the bill.—The motion was negatived . brought in a bill to enable the proprietors of the new houses near Temple Bar and Snow Hill , to dispose of them by way of lottery , which was read a first time.—Mr . Manning brought up the report of the committee on the London Dock Improvement bill . The amendments were agreed to , and the bill ordered to be read a 3d time.—On the motion of Mr. W. Keene , it was ordered that there be laid before the house , copies of all applications to the court of directors , for claims on the Nabob of Oude , with the amount thereof , and the decisions thereupon.—Lord H. Petty , in consequence of some informality , felt himself obliged to postpone , for a few days , the motion of which he had given notice , relative to the provision for the family of the late lord Nelson , which he would bring forward , however , at an early opportunity . when he had , on a former day , moved that the