take place during that period . His majesty 's late ministers , to whom , in this instance , he did not mean to impute the least blame , had sent out a circular letter to the governors in the West Indies , requiring them not to grant a permission for importation from America , on light and trivial grounds . Some of them took an alarm , and put a 595 stop to the importation altogether , which had the effect of enormously raising the price of provisions . It was , however , fit that the intercourse , which was necessary , at least in time of war , to the comfort and well being of our West-India colonies , should be regulated by an act of the legislature , and that the governors of our islands should not be reduced to the necessity of continually acting in violation of the law , or ministers at home , of continually advising such violations . He concluded by presenting a bill to indemnify all persons concerned in advising or ordering measures for importing certain articles into the West-India islands from America , in American vessels ; which was read a first time . concurred with much of what had been said by the noble lord . He thought , however , that with the aid of convoys , the West Indies might , even in time of war , be supplied from this country ; but admitted that a supply so sent would be precarious . In time of peace , however , the question assumed a far different shape , as he conceived there was no doubt that our West-India islands could then be supplied regularly from this country . He objected to the trade between America and the West Indies on account of its giving rise to smuggling to a great extent , and of its enabling the Americans to import into our colonies the produce of the East Indies at a low rate , thereby excluding the merchants of this country froth a beneficial source of trade . When he heard the noble lord speak of the advantages of neutral bottoms , he hoped his majesty 's ministers had not formed a similar opinion with respect to the trade carries on by America between the enemy 's colonies and the mother country . The confining our West-India islands to procure a supply of provisions by means of British vessels in time of peace , would be all means of employing a great number of British seamen , whilst it would prove a beneficial source of commerce to this country , the advantages of which ought not lightly to be given up . observed , he was not prepared , at present , not being exactly aware of the line of argument , and calculation , which the noble lord intended to go into ; otherwise , he thought he could controvert a great deal of what the noble lord had advanced . deprecated our entering 596 into any war of regulations with the United States of America , respecting an intercourse which tended to mutual advantage . He could not conceive that the confining , our West-India islands to a supply in British vessels would be of that advantage to this country which the noble duke had stated ; the seamen employed in such a trade were not of that description to be useful to this country , neither would building ships here for the purpose of sending to America to purchase provisions to carry to the West Indies repay the expence . He trusted that parliament would never again try the experiment which was productive of so much misery to our West-India colonies , in the period from 1784 to 1786 , when their supply from America was cut off , and in consequence of which , in Jamacia alone , 15,000 negroes died , from the famine which that regulation produced . contended , that in time of peace an exclusive trade to our West-India islands , in British vessels , would be the means of employing a great number of our seamen ,