for the fairness of the meaning he had assumed , before he was corrected by the explanation of this night . He was glad , that he had been id any way the instrument of drawing out the declaration , that it was not the intention of his majesty 's ministers to diminish the volunteer force . in explanation said , the hon . gent . was equally called upon to acquit his majesty 's ministers of having done any thing offensive to the volunteers . had never heard any speech of the right hon . gent . with more pleasure than that which he had now closed . Whether from the discontents expressed in the house , or those expressed out of it , or from whatsoever cause , the bill brought forward was extremely different from the opening view of the right hon . gent . who had brought it forward . He wished that the amendment might be carried still further ; that the branch of the military establishment appropriated to foreign service , might also escape the innovating grasp of the right hon . gent . ; and that the destructive reform he meditated might be sacrificed either to the public disapprobation , or the right hon . gent . 's own better consideration . He should be sorry to pin any man to a particular expression that might have escaped him in the warmth of debate ; but the expression alluded to , was too distinct to be liable to misunderstanding or misinterpretation . The right hon . gent . had expressly spoken of loosening the discipline of the volunteer force . The right hon . gent . had besides opened his speech with lamenting , that the stage was occupied by the volunteers . The right hon . gent . might not have been prepared to proceed to the immediate dissolution of the volunteer force ; but he called on the house to recollect , that the right hon . gent . in agreeing to grant clothing for this year , expressly withheld himself from any pledge 847 to grant it in any future year . He called on the right hon . gent . to say whether he had not expressed himself to this effect . He knew the right hon . gent . was too manly to deny it . The right hon . gent . had said , that the volunteers were prepared for a service to which they were wholly inadequate ; and that whatever the inspecting field officers might say of their fitness to serve in the line , they were wholly unqualified for that service . But however the term of loosening the discipline might be explained , a material change was to be made by taking away the drill serjeants , and the inspecting field-officers , the only point of contact with the government the volunteers had . Instead of being in a situation where they could be of essential service to the country , they were to be sent back to their homes . In every step , from the highest retrenchment of the staff , to the lowest retrenchment of the drill serjeants , every thing short of absolute disbanding was proposed , in the reduction of the volunteer force , with a view to an armed populace , or a drilled mass . Was it possible to conceive such a military body as a drilled mass without officers , to be taken out of the people , and after 25 days of drilling , after being shewn the use of the musket so far as they could learn it , to he sent back again among the people , whether with or without the muskets , to the use of which they would have been trained , the right hon . gent . did not say . If this mass was to be thus trained without officers , how was it possibly to be collected in case of invasion ? to order , asked whether this was a motion on the general subject of the volunteer force ? for if it was a mere