. The noble secretary of state prefaced his motion by adverting to the importance of the subject of which the measure now proposed made a part ; the necessity that existed for the bill 's passing into a law , as the existing suspension bill would shortly expire ; it was that alone which induced the bringing forward the present bill , which went to continue the suspension bill for a year longer . In the interval , the general subject , he hoped would , the proceedings being already in train in another house , 450 be thoroughly investigated , and such steps taken in the present session , as would be attended with beneficial effects . In the mean time , under the circumstances of the case , their lordships must be aware of the necessity for the passing of the bill , and on that ground he moved the second reading of the bill . said a few words generally in support of what had fallen from the noble secretary of state ; and , in addition , adverted to some proceedings which had taken place upon the subject , in the committee of the privy council , appointed for the consideration of such topics . followed on the same side . He seemed adverse to the principle of bills of the kind , but in the interval of the general subject of the woollen manufacture being thoroughly investigated , and a general law framed for remedying the evil complained of , a measure of the kind , merely to avert a greater evil , was deemed necessary ; and nothing but the peculiar circumstances of the case , could induce him to support the bill.—The bill was then read a second time , and ordered to be printed . [ DISCOVERY OF TRUTH BILL . ] The order of the day , for their lordships going into a committee on the bill for the more effectual discovery of Truth from Witnesses , being read , and observed , that an opinion had been suggested to him , and in which he most cordially agreed , that the best way would be to refer the bill in question to the consideration of the judges , with instructions to frame it , or to draw up another bill , so as to answer its purpose . He had been told , on a former night , that his bill was in a crude state ; now , that was what he should like to debate , either in a committee , or out of a committee ; on that head , however , he thought he had gained a victory over a noble and learned lord then absent . On the whole , he thought it was best to submit the present bill to the judges , as a more important subject than that to which it referred , could not exist ; it was the more necessary , because their lordships had , to a bill very properly introduced by his noble friend on the woolsack , tacked certain provisions , suggested by another noble and learned lord , which , instead of improving the bill , only rendered it obscure and unintelligible , and which in the pending stage of the bill , ought to be rejected , in order to reduce it to its original clearness . In the view , and for 451 the purposes he had stated , the noble earl moved to adjourn the committee on the bill till this day three weeks . observed , that he assented to the proposed adjournment of the consideration of the bill , with the hope that the bill , as presented by the noble earl , whether a crude bill or not , would , in that interval , receive that due and mature consideration , which one of its import evidently required . As the bill now stood , he was one of those who thought , that were such a law enacted , it would tend to let out truth in one instance , and close the door on it afterwards ;