stript of every thing which is calculated to mark the interest which the legislature takes in their conservation and improvement , will long continue to exist as it were merely by sufferance , in a state of neglect and decay , which can neither be productive of this honour to themselves or service to their country , which they have hitherto been in the habit of contemplating as the gratifying result of their exertions and sacrifices.—Remembering the bitter and deliberate invectives repeatedly uttered by the right hon . gent . against the volunteer system , not less pointed against their military constitution , than their general tendency to render every thing internal less secure , I did hope , hearing it rumoured that the institution was yet to survive his return to office , that I should have had to congratulate the hon . gent . on again fairly making a sacrifice of his past opinion to those of his colleagues in the government . But it appears to me that he is proceeding on a less open , but not on a less effectual course , to execute his former purposes . I do trust , however , the house will reject this most equivocal and unbecoming line of policy towards a body of men who have such claims on the public gratitude , and that they will either support the volunteers in an efficient and honourable shape , or if they think they can replace them by any other description of force more likely , in proportion to the charge , to protect the country , that they will , in a direct and manly manner , return them their thanks for their past services , and at once release them from their engagements . From most of the leading features of the right hon . gent . 's schemes , for the reasons stated , I have no hesitation in expressing my most pointed dissent . I consider some of them 706 as feeble and inefficient , and others as likely to prove injurious , if not fatal , to the best interests of the army . Were his plan even preferable in some respects to what now exists , I should deem it both unwise and unsafe to select the present moment for introducing so extensive a change ; but where the innovations appear pregnant with danger in themselves , and in their nature hardly reparable if once made ; where the whole proceeds upon a scheme of destroying what is now efficient , upon slight grounds of objection , without any attempts at substitution in its room , I can not hesitate in deeming it my duty to resist , as far as depends on me , so dangerous an attempt ; and here I can not hesitate to express my confident persuasion , had his majesty 's late ministers remained in power , that they would have been at present occupied in directing the powerful army , which the country actually possesses , against the enemy 's most vulnerable points , instead of wasting their own time , and that of the house , in unnecessary and hazardous experiments on the constitution of the public force.—I shall close what I have felt it my duty to offer to the consideration of the house in the present important question , by shortly referring to what fell from me on a former night 's debate , with respect to the state and condition in which the government , in all its leading branches , has passed into the hands of his majesty 's present servants . The indignant manner in which the right hon . gent. , at the outset of his speech , supported by his colleagues , seemed to refer to what then passed , makes me the more desirous of repeating it , as not inapplicable to the present discussion : I certainly was not then , nor am I now , disposed either to undervalue or to disguise the many and serious difficulties time government have to struggle against , or , more especially in their external relations , reduced as the