nobody told them , it was highly natural for the people , when left to themselves , to say , `` Let us imitate the soldiers , and dress ourselves , and train ourselves as they do ; let us learn the manœuvres they practise . '' After the Volunteer corps were so formed , the great man ( Mr. Pitt ) , whose opinions were always to be heard with deference , maintained , that those corps might , with care and instruc- 678 tion , be brought into the shape of a regular army , and act as regular troops . Whether the institution of the Volunteer corps had first taken place , and this opinion of their efficacy followed , or whether the institution was framed on any pre-conceived opinion , that they would arrive at such a state of discipline , is a point which I shall not pretend to determine . It , however , always appeared to me , that it was a most impracticable project to attempt to bring those masses of men , who had neither the habits nor the feelings of soldiers , who were not inured to hardship , or accustomed to military discipline and subordination , to act either with regulars or directly against a regular enemy . That right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) , in speaking of what he expected from the Volunteer force , said , they would be able `` to push the invaders into the sea . '' This was an expression winch I am persuaded proceeded more from his heart than his judgment , and might have proved fatal to the country . It was , however , a most dangerous error in judgment to suppose , that , because a body of men appeared well to the eye , or made a tolerable show upon a parade , that they were , on that account , to be relied on as effective soldiers ; and I am much surprised indeed at the number of inspecting officers who have returned those corps as fit to act with regular troops . In my judgment , it would have been impossible they could ever have acted with a regular army , because , being officered in the manner they are , the regular army never could place that implicit confidence in them , which is absolutely necessary to make one species of troops act effectually with others of a different kind . The Volunteers might be well trained , they might be good soldiers , they might positively know themselves to be so , but then it was also necessary that the commanders of the regular army should be equally sensible of this also : Scire tuum nihil est , nisi te scire hoc sciat alter . If ever we attempted to do this , and put them to act with the regular army , I fear the fate of the country would be decided ; for I can not possibly conceive , that the enemy would desire any thing better than that the country should trust its defence to the Volunteer corps . If the Volunteers were to be opposed to the attack of a regular invading army , it is impossible not to suppose that many must fall , though many would do their duty . A man may be in himself 679 fully capable of doing what is right , but he may be infected with the bad example of those about him . As for courage , or confidence , it is well known , that in an army it is not sufficient to have confidence in oneself , it is also necessary to have confidence in one 's neighbours . It is like the defence of a long line , which , if broken through in any point , the valour with which other points are defended will be of little consequence . If a regular regiment were to come into action , it can not be supposed that their confidence would be the same if they were flanked by a corps of Volunteers , as it