of pay ; but his principle expedient was that of enlisting for a limited time . The recommendation of this practice from the customs of other countries was not sufficient . Our colonial system of itself furnished a strong objection . The nature of our situation was widely different from that of those upon the conti- 1004 nent , where this practice prevailed . There was every reason against the repeal from considering that the numbers raised went on in an increasing ratio . If the agents under the bill did pot at first perfectly understand it , they had received instructions and experience on that head . He was ready to allow , that the author of the bill , were he living , would have made sonic substantial alterations in it , of which he thought it susceptible . But if he refused to repeal it when it produced only at the rate of 9,000 men a year , could it be supposed that he would give it up , now that it was daily more operative ? Some who objected to the hill at first , had afterwards opposed its repeal last year . Did they then expect such Success as it had met with ? How could they pretend to consistency , if they voted against it now ? I le then animadverted on the conduct of the rt . hon . gent . towards the volunteers , and expressed his desire to hear what , his sentiments now were respecting them . He had , indeed , altered his tone , and he hoped he would have manliness enough to avow a change in his opinions , if any such had taken place . He thought he had undervalued the Volunteers . Upon the August allowances 16 or 18 Volunteers might be maintained by government at the expense of a single foot soldier , and was not that an economical provision of public force for home defence ? In the trained men the rt . hon . gent . would find much difficulty . He seemed to think there was no degree between a regular army and a trained mass . This he thought a great mistake . The ballot for the militia was to be . dropped . What other mode could be adopted of equal efficacy for raising men at the beginning of a war ? Look at the year 1803 , when 125,000 men were raised through the operation of the ballot . It was certainly once the intention of his rt . hon . friend deceased , to whose fame nothing he could say could add , and from whose lustre nothing the rt . hen . gent . could say , could detract , to try the scheme of limited service in part ; but not to rest upon it . But the information he received from various quarters , altered his mind upon that subject , He recollected , when the events of the French Revolution had given rise to inquiries into the theory of the foundation of all governments , that a motion laud been made in that house for a Reform of tide Representation of the People , and that the rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) had observed on the occasion , `` What ! will you repair your 1005 `` house whilst the hurricane is raging about you ? He should apply the rt . hon . gent 's . maxim to himself and ask , `` What ! will you new model the structure of you army , whilst the hurricane is still raging about you ? '' If the ballot should be ore given up , it could at afterwards be resorted to with effect ; and if the plane of the rt . hon . gent . should fail , the failure would endanger the vital interests , nay the existence of the country . said , that feeling himself in the predicament stated by the rt . gent . ( Mr. Long ) , who had just sat down of having originally voted against this measure ,