he did not proceed upon these charges ? —that was not his object . His design was to have lord Wellesley recalled and another system adopted , but he at the same time thought that there were sufficient grounds of impeachment against that nobleman . His object was in some measure answered , when lord Cornwallis was sent to India ; and as to the impeachment of lord Wellesley , he did not proceed with that , partly because be was not equal to such a task , and partly because he had little hopes of having efficient support . begged leave to trouble the house with a few words , in answer to what had fallen from his hon . friend . His hon . friend near him seemed to hint , that he ( Mr. FOX ) and others who agreed with him , had , in opposition to their former conduct , wished to disparage this proceeding , and to throw obstacles in the way . There was not the smallest foundation for such suspicions , nor were there any grounds whatever for arraigning his conduct on that head . As to the speech of his hon . friend ( Mr. Francis ) , he had undoubtedly said , that it was unanswerable ; not meaning to make this broad assertion absolutely , but because , in fact , no attempt had ever been made to answer it . He approved of it certainly , altogether , and partly , perhaps , for this reason among others , that there his hon . friend had professed to drop all idea of proceeding to an impeachment . Yet it was rather hard that he should think it incumbent on those who thought that there was a great deal of blame somewhere , and that a bad system had been pursued , to support an impeachment or any motion for criminal proceedings . He totally disclaimed any such idea . It might happen that a person might disapprove a bad system without being committed to support a criminal charge . When a bad system of government prevailed , the best mode of remedying this was not , in general , by impeaching an individual . The object was , to remove the person who carried on such a system , and to take care that none such should be acted upon in future ; and , this being obtained , it might often be inexpedient to carry the matter any farther . But , at the same time , there might be particular acts , of so enormous a kind as to call for 802 impeachment . This he did not mean to deny . But he and his hon . friend had a great deal of experience on this subject . This was certainly not a proper time for enquiry . He ( Mr. Fox ) acted as he found it necessary to do , with respect to systems in Europe . About these systems there might be , and , no doubt , there often was , a great deal of error in judgment . He might disapprove of , and strongly oppose them ; and , if he could accomplish his object , which was the destruction of these systems , he would certainly not always think it necessary to resort to enquiries . That was his opinion generally , though , undoubtedly , there might be exceptions to the general rule . If this rule was proper with respect to all executive governments , it was particularly so with regard to India . NOW , that he ought to bring a regular charge in all instances where he disapproved of a particular system of conduct , was a conclusion to which he could by no means assent . Impeachment was a bad mode of proceeding , except in particular cases ; and certainly it was not advisable to adopt it with regard to a governor-general of India merely on account of his system . One hon . gent . had said , that all these papers ought to be examined by every member of this