judicious regulations this allowance might be raised to a shilling a day . The men who shall entitle themselves to this allowance , shall be free from all further service in garrison battalions , or in any other line : and if they carry off robustness of frame and strength of constitution , so much the better . After being so long employed in the service of his country , it would be but fair to exempt the soldier from further service of any kind , and to allow him to return to the bosom of his friends and relations . The more capable he is of enjoying the reward of his services , the more striking his useful and honourable example will be . He may still promote the advantage of his little family by some trade or calling , and contribute essentially , by example , to spread a martial spirit throughout his neighbourhood . One thing I omitted to mention , and that is , the inconveniences that may be supposed to result from these regulations with respect to the Colonial service . In order to remedy or prevent any such inconveniences , a power may be vested in the commander of a regiment , or in him who may have the chief command on the station , to discharge the men at the end of their several periods as the case then may be , with this proviso , that in case of actual war they should be empowered to prolong the service of those whose term shall have expired , for six months , and no longer ; at the end of which time they shall at all events be entitled to their discharge , be treated as the East-India company treat the troops in their service ; that is , they shall be sent home at the expence of government with every possible accommodation.—These are the principal changes I propose to make in the condition of the soldier , and from these I look forward to the most beneficial effects . There are many subordinate changes , which I consider not so much matter of legislative provision as of military regulation , and which I conceive may be left with confidence to the illustrious personage at the head of the army.—There are many other provisions that may be calculated to raise the estimation in which the service is held , which 673 may contribute to raise the consequence of the officers , and through them that of the men . These , however , I shall omit for the present ; first , because it is not necessary to state them , and , secondly , because as they may be of a delicate nature , it may be improper to enter upon them till they can be mentioned in detail . Among these , however , I may certainly state the allowance to officers ' widows , which I wish to make somewhat more than it is at present ; the allowances now are so scanty , that the dispensation of them is really heart-breaking to those employed on that painful duty.—The principle of recruiting for a term of years , will of itself go far towards filling up the Army . To place the character of a soldier in a state that its own attractions may operate as a bounty , ought to be the great object of our consideration . We must increase and add to that respect which , amidst a thousand disadvantages , still renders the trade of a soldier attractive . Before I proceed further , I beg leave to observe , with respect to the cavalry and artillery , that the terms of service should be five , six , and ten years . This difference arises chiefly from the length of time , necessary for training and disciplining the cavalry and artillery in the first instance . These things will certainly operate in a considerable degree , generally and individually , on the recruiting service ; but I despair of succeeding to the full extent required , until the Army is rendered worthy the attention of