am concerned in this question , whenever it conies under discussion , I shall he perfectly ready to state my opinion , and all I think it necessary to say as to my future conduct is to refer to a consideration of my past . I can not , however , hesitate to state , that if any gentleman were to ask my advice as to the propriety of bringing forward the catholic claims at present , I should recommend him to take into consideration the prospect of success , and the greater probability of succeeding this year or the next ; at the same time to bear in mind the issue of last year 's discussion . In the part which I took upon that occasion , I was actuated by the strongest sense of duty—but at present I do not feel myself obliged to say any thing more upon the subject . rose to make his promised motion with respect to the Debt of the East-India company . After some preliminary observations , his lordship stated , that in the year 1793 , it appeared that the debt of the East-India company bearing interest , was about 7 million , which it was proposed to reduce to 2 million ; that in order to do this , a power was given , by the act of 1793 , to the different presidencies in India to grant bills in favour of the creditors of the company on the court of directors to the amount of 500,000l . annually , and no more , for the purpose of transferring or , in other words , liquidating this debt ; that is to say , it being determined to be a matter of policy and expedience , that the debt should be reduced , in order to carry this into effect in the manner the most beneficial to the company , instead of applying to this pur- 406 pose so much of the surplus revenue in the first instance , the whole of that surplus was allowed to be laid out in an investment , out of the profits arising from the sale of which , the court of directors were to set apart the sum of 500,000l . annually to answer such bills as should be drawn by the government in India to the amount and for the purpose specified in the act.—That since this year 1793 , it appeared that bills had been-drawn to the amount of not less than 8 millions . Whether they had been granted to the creditors of the company , and had therefore gone in liquidation of the debt , he could not say ; if so , the only difference would be that , in that case , the amount of debt contracted would be by so much the larger than would otherwise appear to be the fact ; but so it was , that so far from the debt having been actually reduced , it had swollen from 7 to nearly 30 millions ; and of this 30 millions he was further informed , ( to ascertain which , was the object of his motion , ) that a considerable part , he was afraid to say how much , had been contracted upon terms which entitled the holder of the loan to go to the treasury at Calcutta , and receive , on demand , bills upon the court of directors payable 12 months after date according to the mode in which bills are usually drawn from India . —That this was the case , his lordship said he had no manner of doubt . He had heard it front authority which he could not question , and it had been admitted by every one with whom he had conversed on the subject . He was moreover confirmed by a publication which he held in his hand , the Calcutta Monthly Journal for the month of May , 1805 , in which , as well as many others of different dates , he found a regular Government Notification of a loan in which this condition is distinctly stated . After saying