would be taken to make provisions in the bill for allowing the per centage of negroes , pledged by his majesty 's declaration . was of opinion that if the general question was likely to be brought forward , as it had annually been for some time past , it was only losing time to discuss it now . It would be better to discuss the question of an entire abolition at once , and therefore wished to know if the hon . member opposite ( Mr. Wilberforce ) had it in contemplation to bring forward the question this session ? If any hopes had been held out to the conquered colonies of being treated in the sane manner as the British , he thought this bill would operate as a violation of our faith . Mr. W. took no notice of the question put to him by the hon . general . After a few observations from sir W. Young , the bill was ordered to be read a 3d time on Tuesday . 920 [ PROPERTY DUTY BILL . ] The order of the day for going into a committee on the Property Duty Bill having been read , stated , that , it had been found necessary to introduce several amendments into the bill . It was his intention therefore to propose , that the bill thus amended , should be re-printed , and taken into further consideration some day next week . This appeared to him to be the best mode of giving the bill that full and fair discussion , which he was anxious that it should receive . With regard to the principle of the bill , as it had received the sanction of a large majority both in its present form , and when it was presented in another shape , he should abstain , from saying any thing upon it , although he was aware , that there were some who entertained a strong objection to the principle . He would , therefore , confine himself to stating shortly , the substance of two or three of the principal amendments which he intended to propose . It would be recollected , that as the bill originally stood , it imposed a duty of 10 per cent , on all incomes from property , exempting only small annuitants and persons in trade , whose incomes were under a hundred a year ; and that for these persons a gradual scale of exemption had been formed from incomes of 50l . to incomes of 100l . a year ; leaving incomes under 50l . a year totally exempt from the operation of the act . He had already stated the mode in which these exemptions were to be repaid to the persons claiming them . When the bill went into the committee , he trusted it would be found that this mode was very simple . It merely required a certificate to be produced by the claimant , which could be to him no inconvenience , and , what was certainly very desirable , it tended materially to lessen the difficulty which the commissioners had hitherto found in executing their duty . Deeply as he felt the necessity of making the bill efficient , and reluctant as he was to relax any of the provisions which were calculated to render it so , yet , on mature consideration , he found the expediency of alleviating the burden in some degree , and particularly on the inferior classes . In the first place , his amendments had for , their object that class of society , who , employed in laborious or handicraft occupations , were paid weekly wages , which amounted to no more than 50l . a year . When gentlemen recollected how this money was acquired , when they considered 921 that it was frequently by the sacrifice of health , and ultimately a life , in dangerous and injurious employments , they would readily allow that those persons whom he had mentioned were entitled to some superior advantages . It was his intention , therefore , to propose a clause ,