Account of the produce of the War Duties on Goods and Merchandize , during the same period ; an Account of the Amount of Duties on Tobacco for six years ending January the 5th , 1806 ; an Account of the quantity of Foreign Iron imported for the last six years , and the quantity of British unmanufactured Iron exported in the same period ; an Account of the net produce of the Duties on 564 Wine for the last three years ; an Account of the quantity of Tea above 2s . 6d . a pound sold at the East-India Company 's sale within the last six years , distinguishing each year . Also an Account of the net produce of the Duties on Auctions for the last three years . The several accounts were ordered , and the Inspector General of Exports and Imports presented them at the bar , when they were referred to the Committee of Ways and Means.—The Irish Treasury-bills bill and the British Fishery bill were read a second time , and ordered to be committed to-morrow.—Lord Henry Petty presented at the bar a message from his majesty , which was brought up , and read from the chair as follows : — '' G. R. His majesty being desirous of conferring a signal mark of his favour and approbation on vice-admiral sir John Duckworth , in consideration of the service rendered by him , and the skill and gallantry displayed by him in an engagement with an enemy 's fleet on the 5th of February last , where in the whole of the enemy 's force was taken or destroyed , recommends to his faithful commons to take measures for securing to the said sir John Duckworth an annuity of 1000l . for the term of his natural life . '' On the motion of lord H. Petty , it was ordered that his majesty 's , most gracious message be taken into consideration on Monday.—Lord H. Petty gave notice that , immediately after the holidays , he should submit propositions to the house for making a national provision for the family of the late lord Nelson . On the motion of lord H Petty , the house went into a Committee of Ways and Means , to which the several public accounts presented this day were referred . he said , to state to the house the Supplies which it would be proper to vote for the current year , and the ways and means to meet those supplies . The duty imposed on him he felt to be extremely arduous , and one which he was convinced he should be wholly unfit to execute , unless he had the indulgence of the house , In submitting the statement he had to lay before the house , he proposed to go into no length of observation of speculation , not only from an unwillingness to detain the house , but because there could be very little comparative importance attached to his conclusions , compared with the facts which he should open to the committee . But the same motive that made him sparing of observations of his own , induced him to wish as far as the 565 house would extend its indulgence , to be as ample with respect to the facts as possible : and , on this Occasion , departing from the common course , he should , before he entered into the question of the supplies necessary for the current service of the year , endeavour to satisfy the house as to the state of the country in point of finance , past and present , particularly the state of finance in which the country had been found this year ; requesting that gentlemen would carry their knowledge upon that subject in their minds throughout the whole of his statement , as they would find it necessary to their perfectly understanding what it would be proper to adopt for the service of the current year . The principal , and he might say the only great feature in the state of the finance of the country , was