to whom it might be no burthen at all , you shall serve in his room . But the law can make no such distinctions , can have no such feelings ; it must take whatever comes before it , without considering the hardship it inflicts , or whether it is operating upon a live subject or a dead . It works like a machine , like a mill , and would grind the miller , if he should happen to fall in , with as little compunction as it would the corn.—These are , speaking generally , the objections to the use of coercive means , in a country like this . But , after all , our measures of force , as applied to military service , are measures of force , only in name . We force nothing but the money . That we can do ; we can make the men pay ; but the service is at last performed by the man who engages voluntarily . The real character , therefore , of our measures of compulsory service , is only that of a tax , and of the worst of all taxes , that of a tax by lot . Let a tax be 660 imposed equally , so as to bear in its due proportion upon all parts of the community , and there is nothing hardly which a country like this can not sustain . One may venture to say , that if a tax of a million could be laid on in the course of a night , without any notice from discussions in this house or otherwise , and with the art possessed by a late great financier , whose race is run , or by that of my noble friend , whose star is now beaming above the horizon , and rising , I trust , to equal glory , the country might never discover that any new burthen was imposed upon them . Some might conceive , perhaps , that they felt a little heavier ; as men do in different states of the atmosphere ; but having no barometer to ascertain the fact , they would ascribe the opinion to fancy , and think no more of it . Were this million , however , instead of being dispersed in the way which I have supposed , divided into 20,000 shares of 50l . each , or even into 50,000 shares of 20l . each , and levied on those who might be selected for that purpose , and on many of whom it must fall by lot , it is easy to see what calamity it must produce ; that it might crush some one at every step it took ; would draw blood at almost every stroke.—Nothing therefore can be either so false in principle , or so oppressive in practice , as what we entitle measures of compulsory service , and which so many , without consideration , are perpetually calling for . We hear every day that the crisis of the country demands sacrifices , that half measures will not do , that we must have something strong . These calls come , I am afraid , in general from those , who hope after all , that the strength of the measure will not fall upon them . Let us settle our minds distinctly upon the subject . Do we mean a conscription , which , proceeding by ballot , ( the only mode I presume we think of ) shall be conclusive as to the person on whom the lot and compel him , whoever he may be , to serve for a limited term as a soldier ? If we do , the hardship will be found to be such as no country could endure . If we do not , if we mean that he shall be at liberty to commute his service , then he either commutes it for a fixed fine , which brings us to the sort of tax , which has been just spoken of , or for a substitute , and then we instantly