Ireland might be eventually involved , should pass in the absence of those gentlemen who represent Ireland , and who must feel a material interest in the ecclesiastical establishment of that country , and who could not possibly attend in their places in that house until after the assizes . If it was desired that he should offer any further reasons , he must be obliged very reluctantly to trespass on the time of the house at greater length ; but the house would have to impute that to the curiosity 429 of the learned doctor , and not to any wish of his . His first additional objection then was , that the bill had not yet been debated , and this he conceived a strong objection . Secondly , the statement of the learned doctor . that this bill was exactly word for word the same with the act which had passed some sessions ago , for enforcing the residence of the English clergy ; whereas the circumstances of both countries differed so materially from each other , that the measure which might be extremely right in the one , would be very wrong in the other . To use a very homely simile , it would be like the case of a taylor , who having made a garment exactly fitting one man , should propose it to be worn by another whom it fitted in no respect ; and really the proposition of the learned doctor to impose regulations on the Clergy of Ireland , which were locally and circumstantially adapted only to the Clergy of this country , was rather the argument of a bad taylor , than that of a profound statesman . In many parishes of Ireland there were no parishioners to whom a clergyman could minister ; and therefore , it must be totally unnecessary to enforce the residence of an incumbent , so long as a parish continued to be so circumstanced ; nor could the analogy between the cases of both countries justify the necessity of . similar regulations , upon this ground . The learned doctor had mentioned the Irish Board of First Fruits , as his authority for bringing forward this bill : a board , certainly composed of persons to whom he ( Mr. G. ) wished to pay every degree of deference and respect : but not one of those persons had a right to sit or vote in the house of commons , consequently their authority in that place ought to have no deliberate influence . The learned doctor , by possibility , might be extremely right in bringing forward this bill : he would not at this moment enter into that part of the discussion : he wanted only to give the learned doctor time and opportunity to prove , by fair argument , to the satisfaction of those who would feel most interested in the bill , that it was just and necessary. , There was one clause , at least he understood it so , that made the residence of the clergymen to depend upon the mandate of the bishop . But he could not exactly .approve the principle of enforcing residence for just such time as the discretion of the bishop should deem it fit to appoint . Besides , the exercise of this discretion might be 430 rendered in some cases extremely oppressive : in the case for instance , of an old clergyman , who might be induced to give his vote for a member of parliament at an election , contrary to the mandate of his diocesan . If there were such persons as political bishops in Ireland , he would not assume to say there were , the consequence of such an act of disobedience might be to force the old clergyman to a residence in a parish , where he had no glebe , and perhaps could not find a single house in which he could live , and be remote from his friends , and out of the reach of every comfort or accommodation . At present , he did not wish to urge any