to which the noble lord , who spoke last , had just alluded ; and he could not help thinking , there was good foundation for asking for that information , and also for the expressions in the amendment , the object of which was to convey a sense of the house , against trusting any more of the resources of the country in the hands of incapable ministers . It was the duty of the house to take care , before they granted any farther supplies , that they should not be under the management of improper persons . As to all the detail , part of which had been opened to-night by the noble lord , it was imprudent to go into it now , because the house , at present , had not the requisite information , and that reason he should certainly not comment on the general line of defence for administration , which the noble lord had thought fit to-night , with such imperfect materials before the house , to anticipate . With respect to farther enquiry , that was a point which the house would consider after the papers were laid before it , and after time had been taken to peruse them . Until those papers shall have been duly considered , the house could not possess the means of judging on the subject . The noble lord hinted , said the hon . gent. , that it is not probable that he and those with whom he acts will be in power when that discussion may be entered upon . Who are to succeed them I do not know ; but I am quite sure that those persons , be they who they may , ought to possess all the information to which the noble lord has alluded , some time before they proceed on that discussion , and that is a question entirely open now , and to which I beg to be understood as not giving any pledge , as to any opinion I may form , for that must depend on the papers , with the nature of which I am at present unacquainted . I say , again , that a correct view of that matter can not be taken without adverting to the internal circumstances of this country . There may be , indeed , cases , as the amendment states , not necessary for such an enquiry , and on which some resolution might be entered into ; but when considered with reference to the papers , it may , perhaps , appear not to be necessary to enter upon such an enquiry , at least for a while . At all events , the propriety of entering into it will stand upon a very different footing from that on which it stood on the first day of the session . Mostclear it is , that the consideration of the papers should come first : that of the con- 96 duct of government is another matter on which , before the papers are considered , as things are now partly explained , he would be a very unwise man who would deliver an opinion . said , he supposed that the papers already presented would be printed and delivered in the usual way . He did not exactly understand , whether or not the noble lord had produced those papers which related to paints of the confederacy that had not been acted upon , as well as to those which had . He had listened with considerable attention , while the clerk had been reading the titles of these papers . He had heard him mention treaties between Great Britain and Sweden ; treaties between Great Britain and Russia , and the accession of Austria to one of the latter ; but he had not heard him state any direct treaty between the king of Great Britain and the emperor of Austria . He wished to know from the noble lord , whether or not this was an omission . in explanation , informed the hon . member , that these papers had been compiled from