from the learned counsel . Whether any permanent measure was adopted this session or not , the duration of the bill for 12 months could have no effect in either case to retard or accelerate that measure . He did not see therefore any reason why the term of its continuance should be altered.—The bill was then read a 3d time and passed . Mr. Baker presented a petition from the Debtors confined in New-gate.—Mr . Martin presented a petition from the Maltsters of Tewkesbury.—Sir P. Stephens presented the Papers relative to the Naval Commissioners moved for by Mr. Whitbread.—Sir M. W. Ridley presented a petition from the Shoe-makers of Newcastle against a bill now pending in parliament for abolishing certain societies of their craft.—On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , the 10½ Million Exchequer Bills bill was read a 2d time.—The Irish Militia Service bill was read a 3d time , and passed.—The 1½ Million Exchequer bill was read a 2d time.—Mr . W. Wynne presented Copies of the Circular Letters from lord Hawkesbury to the lords Lieutenants of Counties , relative to the Additional Force act.—On the motion of Mr. W. Wynne , that the Dublin Paving bill be read a 2d time , a conversation arose , in which lord De Blaquiere , Mr. Alexander , and Mr. Ormsby , opposed the bill , on the ground that it was a job , interfering with the legal rights of creditors . It was defended by Mr. W. Wynne , and Mr. J . La Touche ; ultimately , the 2d reading was deferred till Tuesday.—After a short conversation between Mr. Dillon and Dr. Duigenan , it was ordered , that the account which had 501 been laid before the house in July , 1803 , of the resident and non-resident Clergy in Ireland , the different parishes , benefices , churches , glebe , houses erected , and erecting , & c. be reprinted.—On the motion of Mr. Lee , a return was ordered of the number of Common Law Subpoenas , Writs of Habeas , & c. issued by the Court of Exchequer in Ireland , for the last 4 years.—On the motion of M r. Fitzgerald , an account was ordered of the quantity of spirits distilled in Ireland , and imported into Great Britain , during the years 1801 , 2 , 3 , 4 , and 5 , together with the amount of the duties for each year.—On the motion of Mr. Rose , accounts were ordered to be laid before the house , of the quantities of Sugar and Coffee imported into this country from Tortola . General Tarleton wished the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Windham ) would have the goodness to inform him , whether or not he meant , according to that half notice he had given , to bring forward on Monday next ? said , the hon . general was certainly correct in calling it a half notice : he had not given any regular notice , because it was not in his power to pledge himself that he should be prepared to bring it forward by Monday . Notwithstanding the great anxiexy which the hon . general and his friends might feel upon the subject , or which might be felt out of doors , he could only say , that it did not appear to him that any inconvenience would result from a little delay . He did not see any necessity for hurrying measures of such vast importance and delicacy , and which required the maturest deliberation . Although the expectation of the hon . general might have been disappointed by this apparent delay , his was not . It appeared to him , that the object of the greatest importance was , to give the fullest consideration to any changes that were to be proposed , before the subject was introduced , and he saw no other inconvenience that could result from the unavoidable delay , than that it would disappoint the curiosity , and the anxious expectation of a number of persons . mentioned , that considerable anxiety must necessarily be