did any ministers succeed to a government when that greatest of all resources and support , namely the public mind , was in a more happy temper to aid them in surmounting the difficulties with which they have to contend ; never did any ministers find the country on their coming into office more truly prosperous , its revenue more productive , or its credit higher . That such was the state of the navy I am sure they will not deny , and I shall be prepared to maintain , when that subject conies regularly into discussion , that the same may be asserted with not less truth with respect to the army . Finding all the main features of our national strength thus vigorous and entire , I trust they will continue to administer them upon those principles by which they have been hitherto preserved , improved , and upheld . The noble lord has done himself honour by the course he has pursued in his present budget . The despondency of the hon . gent . will not , I trust , discourage him from continuing to tread in the path which his predecessor has marked out for him . So long as he perseveres in doing so , and as it shall be the principle of the government to maintain with firmness that system upon which their predecessors have acted , the noble lord will find me anxious to smooth his difficulties and to afford him my cordial support . observed , that the general approbation of the plan of taxation of his noble friend rendered it unnecessary to say much oil the outline of it ; and it must meet the particular approbation of those who admired the system of the late right 627 hon . chancellor of the exchequer , inasmuch as it was following up his system of war taxes—a character for whom he had the highest respect , and whose loss he , in common with the house , deplored . He admitted , also , the high authority of Mr. Hatsell , whose book had been quoted by the noble lord on the other side of the house , the effect of which was , that the Ways and Means should never exceed the supply . That was perfectly constitutional doctrine . But the answer to the noble lord who had made that quotation , from that most undoubted constitutional authority , was , that , in this case , the Ways and Means already voted did not amount to the supplies by several millions , when the matter came properly to be explained , in a constitutional sense ; because none could be called taxes , among the ways and means , until they were appropriated by parliament ; and in that sense the supplies already voted exceeded the ways and means by several millions . As to voting the ways and means before the army was voted , it must be recollected , that we had an army estimate already voted for 5 months ; and as to that which was now proposed , there was a precedent for it in the vote of the navy in the year 1802 , when a vote was first for four months , then for two , and then for the remainder of the year ; upon which occasion he had the honour of moving the resolutions , which he read now to the house to confirm his statement . He then proceeded to shew the advantages of applying the system of war taxes to the exigency of our affairs , the effect of which was almost incredible , and for adopting which his noble friend was entitled to a proportionate share of credit . This was a system which commenced with the late war ; he would venture to assert the effect had been , that , At the close of the present war , there was a saving to the public of 80 millions of capital , and about 3 ½ millions of permanent taxes ; and if adopted at the commencement of the war preceding , the public would