to be united in the same person . The noble lord opposite had admitted that many of the claims made against the Nabob had no existence in truth , of course that there were here enormous frauds to guard against . He was certain that all the persons who at present formed the court of directors were men of honour and probity , but he could not say what they might be 20 years hence . It could not be said there never was an instance of a man 's sacrificing the interest of any corporate body with which he might be connected to individual feelings . All he contended for was , that the thing was possible . As to the validity of many of the debts , he had to state a fact , that a house of great eminence lately failed at Madras , among whose assets was found a paper , amounting to 10 lacks of pagodas , of the Nabob of Arcot 's . The house had employed the money entrusted to them in buying up the paper of this prince , which , from being a drug , worth next to nothing , and which in all probability did not cost more than 2d . in the pound , would , if admitted without proper enquiry , produce a fortune to the holders . This , he thought deserved serious attention . He had used the freedom , in making his former motion , to call the particular attention of certain individual members to the business . He now begged , in addition , to request to it the attention and assistance of the honourable directors , and particularly of their respectable chairman whom he now saw in the house , who , he hoped , would , if possible , attend and give his assistance in the discussion . As to an observation by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Addington ) , he had to state that he never did say that he would not , in future , attend to Indian affairs , although what he did say on that occasion had been misrepresented out of doors . He had put what he then said on record , ( see . p. 394 ) , and to that he referred . He then concluded by moving for an account of the several debts now due or demandable from the said Nabobs , distinguishing as in the former motion . declared that he had no objection to any scrutiny of the kind . No person could be less interested in it , personally , than he and the other members of 767 the court of directors . The interfering in the business originally , was very far from being a favourite with the directors , and if they could , they would have had nothing to do with it . They only believed that there was actually something due to the creditors , and all their wish was that this should be paid . Such was the object of the bill . That it could have the effect of making a rise in the value of the debts , he could not conceive . The very reverse must have been the case . It reduced the annuities at the outset , to the one-half , by making the interest 6 instead of 12 per cent . ; and the principal must have experienced a proportional depreciations.—The motion was then put and agreed to . in moving the order for the 2d reading of the bill upon this subject , briefly adverted to the circumstance of a noble friend of his , then absent , who would reserve his sentiments upon the subject for the committee . He would therefore move , `` that the bill be now read a 2d time . '' did not mean to oppose the motion , particularly as he understood from his noble friend , that it was intended to render the prospective part of the measure , or rather that which was thrown out on a former evening , as intended , by means of