given to bring in the bill . was introduced with the accustomed formalities , sworn , and took his seat . His lordship 's supporters were , viscounts Newark and Curzon.—The earl of Lauderdale , a Scots Peer , was also introduced , in full form , sworn , and took his seat , as baron Lauderdale , a peer of the united kingdom . His lordship 's supporters were , lords Holland and Walsingham.—The earl of Donough more . one of the Irish representative peers , was sworn and took his seat.—The royal assent was given , by commission , to the five millions exchequer bills bill , lady Nelson 's , and to sir R. Stnachan 's annuity bill . Pursuant to an order of the house , the learned Judges again attended this day , for the purpose of delivering their opinions seriatim on the questions arising out of the discussion on this bill , and which had been previously referred to them ; the principle of these , and on which a difference of opinion among the law lords was last night stated to obtain , was , in effect , whether a witness , according to law , was bound to answer questions relative to the matter in issue , the answers to which do not tend to accuse himself , but may establish , or tend to establish , that he owes a debt recoverable by a civil suit ? as the junior judge , first rose to deliver his opinion . The learned baron , in the course of his argument , referred to a variety of legal considerations , cases , and decisions ; on his view of which he grounded his opinions , These , considering the point as a general rule of law , liable , however , to various and numerous exceptions , dependent on circumstances , & c. were , that such witness was bound to answer . In the course of his illustrations he referred to a case , which he seemed to put hypothetically , viz . 235 that of a prisoner on trial for his life , on a charge of forgery , and a most important witness to be brought forward to answer the question , whether such name or signature were his hand-writing or not ? would it , in such a case , be allowed to him to object , on the ground , that tie answer might render him liable to a civil debt ? after stating the difficulties in which the question was involved , declared that , in his opinion , the general rule of law was , that a witness was bound to answer every question touching the issue to be tried , with the exception only of such questions as would expose him to a criminal prosecution , or to a penalty or forfeiture . In the courts of equity it was the daily practice to force parties to answer the natters alleged against them , whatever pecuniary loss such answer. , might subject them to . The justice and the reason of this rule applied equally to the courts of law , although it was not the custom there to examine the parties , as it was in chancery , where their customs were derived from the civil , instead of the common law . Although , in the courts of law , a party could not be made a witness , yet those persons , who were brought forward as witnesses , were equally bound to declare the whole truth , as the parties would be in a court of equity . If it were not so , the most monstrous obstructions would be thrown in the way of justice ; those persons who were the best qualified .to give important evidence , might generally shelter themselves under that plea . It was , however , every day seen , that pawn-brokers were brought in evidence upon the prosecution of thieves , and stable-keepers on the trials of horse-stealers ; and in neither of these cases ; would it be permitted , for the pawn-broker