the crown , then it becomes , to all intents and purposes , as much in the , power of the crown as the regular army , with this disadvantage , that it is not equally efficient in a military point of view . Is it to be recruited by the county ? In that case , it becomes a measure exactly similar to that which we are now called Upon to repeal . The difference of parish recruiting and county recruiting is the only difference between the two ; and those who have been so lavish of their ridicule upon the employment of those unapt instruments , the parish officers , for carrying the levy under the Additional Force act into effect , will find it difficult to shew how the civil agent of the county , employed to fill the ranks of the county militia , will be better qualified for his duty . And as to the other objections to the parish levy , the burden , the fine the taxation in lieu of military force they will be precisely the same in : regard to the militia levy , unless there is to be no enforcement whatever upon the county to do its duty ; and then it would beta much shorter way to give up the militia altogether , without such enforcement who will give themselves any trouble about levying it at all ? —I well remember that at the time when the Additional Force bill was first debated in this 975 house , a speech ' of great strength and impression was made against it by an hon . gent . much conversant in militia subjects , ( colonel Mitford , see v. 2 , p. 580 ) on this very ground , that the force to be raised tinder the act would be an additional weapon in the hands of the crown ; that being levied upon the country , it would partake in that respect of the nature of the militia , but without its constitutional character ; while being officered by the crown , it would in that respect resemble the regular army , but without its serviceableness and general utility . Little did that hon . gent . then think that in describing this new force as an anomaly not to be endured in the constitution , he was discussing very nearly what the militia itself would be brought to be , when those with whom he voted on that occason should have the power of moulding it according to their pleasure . And the respectable country gentlemen who joined with him in objecting to the establishment of a force at the disposal of the crown , were they prepared to hear , as the favourite and only project of those who were ultimately to relieve them from that grievance , of the proscription of the very principle upon which all the force , not the immediately connected with the crown , is levied , and of the substitution of nothing but an augmented regular army in its room ? —That the regular army must be augmented in proportion as all other subsidiary force is done away , is not necessary to he argued : or that the levy of that subsidiary force does in fact increase the amount of the disposable regular army , by taking upon itself a great share in the defence of the country , and setting Pro tanto the regular army free . It this way that the principle of compulsion , as applied to our home levy , is itself a recruiter of the regular army ; a more effectual recruiter , I believe , than if it were applied directly to the regular army itself , which , I need hardly say , has not been in my contemplation , in any thing which I have taken the liberty to suggest to the house , to dissuade them from agreeing to abandon that principle ; and which , if it ever should conic to be matter of necessity in this country , ( which God forbid ! ) that necessity can arise only