was laid on the table , from what he had heard this night from the hon . gent . who had just sat down , he must second his motion , and support him if he persisted in it . At the same time he begged leave to submit it to his own discretion , whether it might not better answer his purpose , and less excite opposition , if he were to postpone hip motion for a few days , until the whole of the papers , in support of the charges , should he laid upon the table . said , it would be useless for him to postpone a motion now , which he should feel himself again under the necessity of pressing upon the house , in the course of a day or two . said , he lamented his not being in the house on the former discussion , when he thought the house had not very properly rescinded the order it had before made for the printing of the charge . It was true , that the charge rested at present upon little more than the assertion of an hon . member , who , though unsupported and unprotected , made no motion which the proceedings of the house did not tolerate ; but at present it was no 940 more than a dead letter , which it was proper to revive or animate , by having the charges printed , in order to enable that house fairly to judge of it . When a member of that house , actuated by manly and honourable feelings , stepped forward in a public cause of the greatest importance to the Empire at large , and when that member was not only unsupported but discouraged , he felt himself impelled to assist in bringing this business to light . It would make a great impression on the public ; and that house ought to consider what the consequence must be if they refused to entertain or consider this question . He had lately , he said , been led to enquire more than he did before , into the state of our affairs in India ; and the result of his investigation was , that he found in the administration , many great and manifold evils , which , instead of assisting the finances of this country , must now become a burthen to it ; and in fact , we were already advancing money as a loan to the company . It was therefore a considerable hardship to the people of England , to transmit its wealth to a foreign country , where it was not properly taken care of . He was of the opinion given some time since by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) , that the members of that house would soon have to protect the finances of this country against the distresses of India . The alarming state of embarrassment to which the affairs of India were brought , shewed there was a latent gangrene somewhere , which ought to be probed , and the danger , if possible , obviated , which brought that quarter of the empire to the brink of ruin , before that ruin was complete , and should have plunged the country into fresh difficulties ; for he considered India , which we were lately taught to view as a healthful and promising child of the parent state , as now exhausted by disease , clinging to the breast of the mother country , and ready to extract the last drop of her vital nutriment to prevent its own dissolution . observed that the hon . gent. , in renewing his charges that day , had expressed a hope that he should not meet , from certain individuals , a repetition of the harsh treatment he had experienced on a former night . He was at some loss to understand to what it was the hon . member made this allusion . He was sure that nothing of an improper nature would have been suffered to pass without the interposition of the