at any price.—But the Carnatic , Oude , Furruskarbad , Surat , Bundlechand , Hyderabad , Pomah , and Rohillehund , all exemplified , that short is the span between a treaty and the seizure of a province ; and the prince of Bhurtpore before the commencement of hostilities refused on any terms or on any account to have any connection with the East-India company.—On the 4th of Sept. 1803 , lord Lake carried the Fort of Alle Ghur by assault , and the faithless , unprincipled surrender of Perron the French general of Scindia , in the Douaub and the battle of Delhi , brought the victorious general and his gallant army into the country of Bhurtpore . Promises and threats were alternately held out , and in an evil hour this hitherto happy , highly respected , and fortunate prince signed the treaty I shall read to the house . A fortunate succession of events subdued for a time the spirit of Scindia , and the other confederated chieftains who purchased a peace , by the surrender of their most valuable provinces . In a very short time however , Holkar appeared in the field with an army of upwards of 413 50,000 men , and in his approach to invade the British dominions , he reached Bhurtpore , to which it is now said he was invited by the once respectable , and highly esteemed , but now the treacherous and contemptible character the Rajah of that country . I trust the gentlemen of this house have I not one set of principles and morality for England , and one for India , which however , I very much suspect they have ; therefore admitting , which however is not yet proved , that the moment this prince became connected with England , he , belying his former character , tarnished all the acts of his past life , that he became the most profligate , perjured , abandoned , treacherous wretch that he is represented to have become , will even that conduct excuse in India , a war of vengeance and an ignominious peace ! I answer , sir , no ; but , be the Rajah 's character what it may , be his former character true or false , he his treachery real or fictitious , that Holkar obtained supplies and assistance in the Bhurtpore country I readily admit , and the noble lord ( Temple ) may make the most of the admission.—In a short space , however , Holkar was defeated and his forces dispersed , and it was then that lord Wellesley determined on an act of singular and most sanguinary vengeance , and without example in ancient or modern times , unless in the recent instance of Buonaparte to the ill-fated king of Naples ; who , too , is accused by the French emperor of treachery and foul play ! Now , sir , the conduct of Naples is exactly in point . The king made a treaty , broke it , and invited the English and Russians to come into his dominions , and to aid him against France ; so did the prince of Bhurtpore to Holkar , it is alleged : but will any Englishman say that the conduct of either merited extermination and ruin ? It is said too , that the Rajah 's troops turned upon our own forces and joined the enemy . Let the noble lord ( Temple ) avail himself of this further admission , and it will only prove , that lord Wellesley 's system has , revolutionized the nature of the mild Hindoo and excited a thirst for blood , unknown before . I admit the fact , I believe it , and that Hindoo and Mussulman , that all ranks of the natives , all casts , all conditions , are ripe for revolt acid vengeance , against their oppressors . Lord Cornwallis confesses the fact , though in milder terms , and to recover what however is lost for ever , he was willing to surrender all but our honour . Instead of endeavouring to reclaim