be now taken into farther consideration , who , on this occasion only , sat on the speaker 's left hand , commonly called the opposition bench , began with making an apology to the gentlemen , who now occupied that situation , for committing such a trespass on their undoubted though recent right of possession . Then , addressing himself to the speaker , he said : —I have been accustomed for so many years to sit on your left hand , that I confess I feel myself more at home on this side of the house than on the other . We are creatures of habit , and naturally fall into the track we have been used to . Nevertheless , sir , as I have no particular ambition to stay here a moment more than is necessary , the gentlemen near me may be sure that I shall 600 not invade them very long . I really have no wish to interrupt their enjoyment of these places , much less to supplant them . What I have to say to-night , will be addressed more particularly to some of his majesty 's ministers . For that reason only , I wish to stand where I do , and for no purpose but to be distinctly heard by them . On the general principle of the Property Tax , supposing that to be the right name and description of a tax upon income , I may possibly deliver my opinion in another stage of the bill . I say possibly , because , on that point , my intention is by no means so resolved as my judgement . At this moment , I am not sure that it would be prudent , or , even if quite safe , that it would be fair and honest to load a measure of positive and irresistible necessity with difficulties and objections , which admit of no remedy , and to which no rational answer but necessity , can be applied . On that ground the truth of the allegation , once proved or admitted , supersedes at least , if it does not in effect prohibit , all argument . I shall therefore apply myself first to such objections only to the plan of my noble friend , as belong to the detail of the measure , and , in my opinion , admit of an easy solution . If I have mistaken him in any instance , he will readily set me right . His abilities , I believe , are equal to the task he has undertaken . But , when a great difficulty is to be encountered , a wise minister will not reject assistance of any kind , and especially if it be offered to him from a quarter , which it is not possible he can suspect of enmity or double dealing . It is not in my nature , to profess friendship for any man , and then to counteract him by indirect hostility . If he gives me credit for the sincerity of this profession , he will listen with patience to the doubts , which I shall submit to his consideration ; because patience and attention , to every body is eminently the duty of his arduous office more than of any other , from the infinite variety and perplexity of the services which it embraces ; and he will listen to me with kindness too , because he ought to be convinced that I have no thoughts of adding any thing to his difficulties , much less of thwarting or retarding the public service in his hands . Before I proceed to objects , which appear to me of greater and more general importance , I wish to begin with stating and dismissing as soon as may be some inferior difficulties , which I think may be removed , and about 601 which I believe the noble lord and I are not likely to disagree ; I mean in the mode of collecting this tax . He says , that `` it is ? proposed that 10 per cent .