which it was the object of the proposed committee to correct , did not originate in the suspension law ; but that , on the contrary , this law was rendered necessary by the penalties given by certain obsolete statutes , and was calculated to restrain the operation of this evil . The fact was , that a number of statutes existed which were quite inapplicable to the present state of the Woollen Manufacture . Yet upon those obsolete statutes several prosecutions had been commenced ; and to guard against the effects of such prosecutions the suspension law was introduced . Such was the object of this law , and it had answered the end in view . But still he felt that it could serve only as a temporary expedient , until , as in this instance , it was determined fully to investigate the subject , and to decide what laws should continue in force , or whether any new laws should be enacted with regard to the state of the Woollen Manufacture . replied , that he had certainly expressed himself very ill , if his words conveyed the idea , that he considered the existing discontents as originating from the suspension acts . He had only said , that these were temporary expedients , which had not lessened the irritation , and that something farther was necessary to be done.—A committee was then appointed to whom the various petitions from the Woollen Manufacturers were referred , and who were empowered to report from time to time , their observations on the whole subject . rose , pursuant to notice , to move for the production of a document of the highest national importance in his estimation , with a view to put government and the house in possession of a most material fact with regard to the commerce of India . To enable his majesty 's ministers to take prospective measures upon the subject of India , it appeared to him essentially necessary that they should be made acquainted with the proportion of the commerce of that territory , of which neutrals had contrived to possess themselves . That proportion truck his mind , and he believed , when known , it would equally strike that of any thinking man in the country , to be most extraordinary and unfair , when compared to that enjoyed by the subjects of this country commonly denominated private traders , nay , even by the India company themselves . Upon considering this comparison , it would be seen what return was made to Great Britain for the price she has paid for the purchase of our Indian territory ; for the expence incurred in maintaining it ; and for the anxiety generally existing with respect to its concerns . The fact was , the British share of Indian commerce was a very inadequate recompence for the quantity of population and wealth which Great Britain was annually in the habit of expending for the support of our dominion in India ; for the constant drain upon every class of our population , to administer the various branches of civil and military government of those territories ; for the original and subsequent contributions of capital for the company 's trade , and for the diversion of so great a portion of our naval strength in the external protection of India against the natural enemy of our commerce and power . Foreigners enjoyed a share of this trade , which , compared with our own , the company 's and private traders included , bore a proportion of not less , he was certain , than three to one . By this statement he would not be understood as wishing to excite any complaints on the part of the private traders ; and still farther was it from his view to attach any blame to the India company , for the toleration of neutral commerce . The fault was not theirs ; for , several of the neutral powers had possessions in India , before we ourselves obtained any footing in that quarter . By treaty some of them enjoyed the right