this , such and such papers are necessary . '' But the hon . gent . moved for a variety of papers first , and then brought forward a charge to which scarcely one of them applied . This conduct he certainly thought preposterous in the truest sense of 944 the word . If any of the ridicules and discouragements to which his right hon . friend had alluded , though he knew he did not refer to him particularly , were employed on this account , he , for his part , did not repent what had been done . The hon . gent . had that day , as usual , made a long speech , and certainly it would have required a mind of no ordinary sagacity to discover the connection between things so remote and apparently so little connected with the subject as those which he had introduced . He had , however , discovered some papers which bore on his charge . Now some said that these papers would be ready soon , and others affirmed that they could not be ready for some time . The present mode , however , was regular , though he thought that a different one would be far more eligible , But here again the hon . gent . demanded that the charge should be printed . This was a sort of language to which the house would not listen with great complacency , in a matter where its own convenience alone was to be considered . The demand then was indeed inconsistent with the principle on which papers were printed by the house . `` Demand , '' he did not say `` publish , '' though certainly it appeared as if this had been the hon . gent . 's object . But he hoped that the house would not be led to print papers upon any improper pretences . He would , however , vote for the printing of the charge , not because it was demanded , but because it would suit the convenience of the house . Now , one word as to the general way in which this business had been conducted . All the papers moved for had been granted , except one which had been called for by a noble friend of his ( lord A. Hamilton ) . He wished that the house would arrange some mode by which all the various papers could be soon procured , that the house might be allowed some repose ; for it was certainly unpleasant to have papers continually called for , and opinions given , and questions debated on every occasion . He wished to know when all the papers would be moved for . Mr. Burke , in the course of his proceedings in preparing the way for the charge against Mr. Hastings , carefully abstained from provoking debates on the merits , before the matter was fully before the house , and he wished that his conduct had been imitated in the present instance . As to the question now before the house , he agreed with his right hon friend that it was 945 of little consequence which way it was decided . As to any communication which the hon . gent . had with him , he had given bins his opinion , and on good grounds , that he was adopting a very injudicious mode of proceeding . explained . He said , that out of 99 papers , for which he had moved , only 11 were produced ; of these , only 3 were immediately relevant to his purpose . The Bhurtpore papers were not presented , nor any others that he moved for , except those relative to Oude . said , that the practice of parliament in such cases had already been shewn to be , that the evidence , should generally , if not always , precede the charges , and he saw no necessity for deviating from that rule on the present occasion ; though he admitted , that every case should stand upon its own peculiar merits . The