profession spoke in terms of unqualified applause . The first motion which he had to submit to their lordships was , for the thanks of the house to vice-admiral lord Collingwood ; the second was for the like to rear-admiral the earl of Northesk ; and , lastly , to the subordinate officers and seamen under their command ; and , if ever skill and bravery were manifested by British officers and seamen , on any one occasion more than another , it was in the action off Trafalgar . Of this splendid and important victory , there was one prominent circumstance to be considered ; namely , the great inequality of the contending fleets . He had to apologise to their lordships , for having detained them rather longer than was usual on such instances , but the proportionably greater magnitude and importance of the particular occasion , he trusted , would plead his excuse . He then moved , `` That the thanks of this house be given to vice-admiral lord Collingwood , for his very gallant and meritorious conduct in the command of the fleet under the late admiral lord viscount Nelson , in the action off Cape Trafalgar , on the 21st of October last , and that the lord Chancellor do communicate the said thanks to his lordship . '' stated , that he did not rise for the purpose of proposing an amendment , or creating a difference of opinion respecting the resolution which the noble secretary of state had introduced , with a degree of eloquence and feeling which claimed his particular thanks . He had , however , prepared some words , which after a few observations , he would read to the house , and their lordships would adopt them , if they thought proper . H. R. H. then went into the details of the professional life of lord Nelson , during the 23 years he had the honour of being acquaint- 79 ed with him . He stated , that one of the most excellent features in the character of his late gallant friend , was that devout sense of religion which he preserved in every situation of his life . As a proof of what he had mentioned , he would read , with permission of the house , the last lines which lord Nelson had written . So composed was he , that when the fleet was advancing to force the enemy 's line , and before the firing began , which did not commence until after the line had been broken , he sat down and wrote what he should now read . The illustrious duke then read a prayer , the first sentence of which was to the following purport : `` May Almighty God , whom I worship with all my heart , for the sake of my country and of all Europe , grant me a glorious victory ! '' The last sentence expressed his determination not to forget `` the duties of humanity ; '' and the prayer concluded with `` amen , amen , amen . '' H. R. H. then read the form of words in which he wished the resolution should be couched ; differing but little from that moved by lord Hawkesbury , except that it conveyed the thanks of the house to lord Collingwood , for `` his decision in destroying the ships which had been captured . '' H. R. H. did not think such an amendment unusual ; a similar one , he imagined had been moved , when a noble lord near him ( earl Spencer ) was at the head of the Amiralty . said , he did not recollect any such amendment . He was glad that what fell from the royal duke , prevented his giving a silent vote upon a subject of such importance , and on which he felt so deeply . He fully agreed with every thing that fell from the noble secretary of state ; but though the country had to lament the loss of lord Nelson , yet he trusted his glorious example would inspire the