in the constitution of the army . I am sure it can not fail to weigh on the judgment of the house , that all the first impressions of my late right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) were strongly in favour of the inlistment for a term of years , yet he never felt himself justified in acting upon them , his sentiments to this effect were , it will 704 be recollected , distinctly stated to the house , and he pledged himself to have the subject fully considered . The written opinions of the most experienced officers in the army were accordingly obtained ; and upon the fullest consideration of the whole of the subject , divided as these authorities were upon it , Mr. Pitt apprized the house , towards the close of the last session , that he did not feel himself warranted in proposing the measure for adoption . I certainly have the means of knowing , that his matured persuasion was , that so long as our regular army presented , as it does at present , to those who prefer limited service , a facility of entering for such , that the more general change could not possibly give us many additional men , whilst the execution of the measure might be attended with considerable complexity and inconvenience , and that his final determination was taken not to propose to parliament this change in our military system.—A few words , sir , before I close , on the volunteers and the proposed conscription , under the Levy en Masse act . I much lament that the right hon . gent . has not been more candid and explicit on this part of his plan . I certainly am not disposed to object to any prudent retrenchment which can now be made in the volunteer expenditure , and see no reason why the corps first raised and authorised to parade 80 days in the year , having already attained considerable perfection in discipline , may not be reduced to the general level of other corps in the numbers of their days of exercise . Neither should I object , as far as the same can be done without breaking in upon the assurance given by his majesty to the several counties that the defence act would not he put in force so long as their quota of volunteers was kept complete , to the training a proportion of class-men so as to be designated and ready to join the ranks of the regular army in case of invasion ; but I can not accept this species of array as a substitute , either for the volunteers or the regular army , and although they might prove , in the event of a protracted campaign in these islands a valuable source of supply to the latter , yet they can not enable us to dispense with the permanent employment of a single regular soldier . The fate of London , in case of invasion , must be decided long before these scattered fragments can be collected or incorporated with the army , and the scale of our defence must be kept up altogether independent of this resource.—What I do 705 complain of is , that the right hon . gent . has not adopted towards the volunteers a more manly line of conduct , and one more consonant to what their past merits entitle them to claim at his hands . I can not but consider , from every thing that has been stated , and the right hon . gent . 's known and declared sentiments on the volunteer institution itself , that his decided purpose is indirectly and gradually to get rid of them ; he has told us he means to deprive them of all the principal means by which discipline and regularity are now preserved amongst that body ; that he means to loosen and relax their discipline , not to preserve or improve it . Can it be supposed , or expected , that the volunteers , whatever may be their zeal , if they are to be