them the unqualified adoption of an opinion which they entertained with certain exceptions . This was an objection which he should take an opportunity of urging against the bill , unless certain qualifications of the general principle were introduced into it . said , that since his learned friend had expressed himself dissatisfied with the principle of the bill , he submitted it to him , whether it would not be more consistent to oppose the bill in its present progress , and state fully his objections to the principle , than afterwards to urge those objections , when the house had spent much time and attention on the amendment of the bill , and which , after all , it might see reason to throw out altogether . defended the consistency of his learned friend . He could not help considering the present bill as unnecessary , but he would pay every degree of deference to the opinion of those who thought otherwise . If it should come out of the hands of the committee in a 753 shape not very unsatisfactory , it should not then meet with much opposition from him . Had he been called upon to give his opinion on the subject of the bill , he should have given that which was held by the minority of the judges . But since the majority of the judges had given a solemn decision on the point , for the purpose of guiding the opinion of the lords on a bill before that house , he could not help considering the matter as sufficiently set at rest . He should think that no judge would henceforth act upon his own private opinion , in opposition to that of the majority , since it could not fail to be overruled by the majority of the judges . The law , therefore , was already sufficiently declared : there seemed no occasion for any interference of the legislature , and the house of lords had acted on the opinion which had been laid before them . But , as it had been already stated by his learned friend , the majority of the judges had delivered a qualified opinion . They said that , generally speaking , a witness was compellable to answer . This bill , however , converted into a universal proposition , what they only delivered as a general one . But he trusted that certain exceptions and qualifications would be introduced into the bill ; and in that case , from the deference which he felt for the opinion of the judges , he should not oppose its passing into a law.—The house having resolved itself into the committee , several amendments were proposed by Mr. Giles , which were agreed to , and the report ordered to be received to-morrow . said , that previous to the holidays he had asked his majesty 's ministers whether they intended to move for a Vote of Thanks to be conferred on the military and naval commanders , to whose meritorious services the country was indebted for the possession of the Cape of Good Hope . He was then given to understand , that it was thought proper to wait for further dispatches that might communicate the account of the complete conquest of the Settlement . These dispatches had now arrived , and seeing his majesty 's ministers in their places , he took the present opportunity of enquiring whether they meant to confer any mark of public approbation on those who had achieved that important conquest . A noble lord ( Howick ) had come down to the house with great alacrity in the case of sir John Duckworth , and he believed that had it been his parti- 754 cular province , he would have been equally forward on the present occasion . begged to state most distinctly to the house , in answer to the question of the noble lord , that his majesty 's ministers had not abstained from proposin a Vote of Thanks on this occasion , from any want of approbation of the conduct of the officers and men who