sterling per month ; who , if dismissed , would be less formidable to us in the field , than while they remain so distressing a drain upon our finances ! At this period , your regular troops are little short of live months , and many of your public 391 departments , on which any movement of your armies depends , still more in arrear ! '' The only expedient which occurs to his lordship for relief , is `` the detention of the treasure destined for China , viz . 200,000l . and strongly to urge the government of Madras to spare 50,000l . of the specie allotted for the service of that presidency . '' This is had news certainly , and impossible to be concealed . Or would it mend the matter , if you were able and willing , to suppress it ? I shall vote , I say , for this motion on the same general principle , on which I have always acted , and which has been professed by persons of greater authority , full as explicitly as by myself , I mean by the board of controul , ever since its institution , and particularly by Mr. Dundas and lord Castlereagh at all times . Their avowed principle , with regard to all Indian transactions or concerns , was publicity . They courted , they invited discussion . On these subjects , they were quite delighted to have their accounts examined , and their opinions sifted to the bottom . Nothing could exceed the good humour of Mr. Dundas , or the politeness of the noble lord . They always appeared to listen to me with an air of civility and sometimes , I confess with an appearance of attention . But I hope no man suspects me of the vanity of presuming that they ever paid the least regard to any thing I said . I am sure they will both acquit me of baying ever interrupted their Indian repose for one moment . For my own part , sir , I have no idea of what can be seriously meant by an Indian state secret . As to an European enemy they are full as well informed as we are ; sometimes much sooner , and much better . But perhaps the papers printed for the use of the house of commons , and our debates on the contents , may be carried back to India , may be read by the natives , an either alienate the princes of that country from us , or furnish them with dangerous information . Now , sir , I remain to h convinced , that , out of Calcutta and above the rank of a Banian , there exists a Hindoo a Mohammedan , or a Mahratta , who ever did or could read , I believe I might safely add , who ever heard of an English newspaper . But , were it otherwise ; the distance alone would make the publication of any opinions in England , on any given transaction in India , utterly useless and indifferent to those princes , who might have been originally most concerned in it . Observe 392 the case as it always is , and more , or less , as it always must be . An act done ten or twelve months ago , many hundred miles north-west of Calcutta , falls under the consideration of this house . After many adjournments , and sundry debates too , either here or at the India house , some rapid resolution is taken in three or four months . Another year carries back the echo of the first intelligence from London to Lucknow , to Agra , to Delhi , to Ugein , or to Nagpour . Why , sir , long before it is possible for the act or resolution here to reach its destination , a brilliant victory has put an end not only to the original question , but to all the adverse parties concerned in it . The survivors , if any are left , and if any of