eminent person and most eloquent minister , who is gone . He sat opposite to me . He gave me a fair uninterrupted attention , and , as I thought , with many expressive though silent indications of assent . It is indeed to be regretted that he yielded to the noble lord on the other side ( lord Castlereagh ) in setting aside the motion of that day , though neither of them thought fit to contradict it . They , who are disposed to enquire what I really meant by that proceeding , and to do me fair and honourable justice , are requested to consult the record . I said expressly that `` the motion , with which I should conclude , was not directed to personal accusation or to parliamentary censure . My purpose was to do a public service ; not to criminate , but to correct ; by engaging the house of commons to revert to their principles , to avow them once more , and to adhere to them hereafter . '' I thought it would have strengthened lord Cornwallis ; and assisted him essentially in his endeavours to satisfy the minds , and to recover the confidence of the Mahratta chiefs and other princes of India . For though I believe that his name , and their opinion of his personal character might have gone a great way in reconciling them to the British government , still it would have been a powerful auxiliary argument in his hand , if he had been specially commissioned by the house of Commons to declare to them , in the name of his country , that he had a security to offer them , which would not perish with him ; that the principles he professed , and the pledge he gave them for their future tranquillity , were not confined to the life of any individual . They were the permanent principles and the irrevocable pledge , by which the legislature of Great Britain had declared they would be bound for ever . I agree with the hon . director ( Mr. Huddle-stone ) in lamenting that so useful and inoffensive a , proposition should have been rejected , and that so favourable an opportunity of applying it should have been lost . But while I acknowledge and thank him for the kind and honourable terms , in 396 which he has been pleased to address me , I can not accede to his request . I can not say more than I have done in favour of the motion , which he wishes me to revive , and I will not expose it to the hazard of a second rejection . A similar motion could not be resumed by any man with greater propriety than by himself . Whoever makes it , shall have all the support that it is in my little power to give him . On another point the hon . and worthy director is perfectly right , and has done justice to my opinion . I should be happy if I could impute any part of the honour he has done me this night , to personal friendship . My acquaintance with him is too slight and of too late a date to intitle me to any claim of that kind . He says that `` I have declared the directors free from any- blame for the evils existing in India . '' It is true . In the transactions , to which my opinion refers , the court of directors , as such , are not parties , and are not to be condemned . They are not merely passive , but , as I have reason to believe , most studiously and constantly kept in the dark . The political power of the court is in fact confined to a select committee of three , who alone are intrusted with the state secrets of the company , and who deliberate and transact with nobody but the president of the board of controul . These two powers keep faith with one another ; that is , they observe