) , whom he did not then see in his place , and from whom much useful information could be had upon the subject of India . There was another distinguished person whose aid he was entitled to expect—he meant the Treasurer of the Navy ( Mr. Sheridan ) . In regretting the general absence of that right hon . gent . he was sure he only expressed the common feeling of the house . He lamented his absence for many reasons , but principally on account of the loss which the cause of India sustained in consequence . He most particularly wished that this right hon . gent . was more frequently visible in his place in that house , and us he had not the pleasure of seeing him there or elsewhere , he hoped that his wish would be conveyed to him , and induce him to attend . He trusted that the right hon . gent . 's becoming a minister was not to deprive that house of the advantage and pleasure which his abilities were capable of affording . The house had , unfortunately , for a considerable time but very seldom seen the light of his countenance . But it was to be expected that such absence would not long continue . He could not suffer himself to apprehend that that right hon . gent . would long decline to advocate the cause of justice . No . His mind and his feelings were too strongly attached to that cause to refuse it his aid , and his powers to serve it were still undiminished . For he would not believe that the volcano of that right hon . gent . 's genius could yet be burned out . After repeating , his sincere regret for the absence of Mr. Sheridan , because he highly respected his talents and integrity , and because he would much value his assistance , the hon . member concluded with moving an `` Account of all monies which have been paid to the private creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic since the passing of the act of the 24th of his present majesty , containing the names of the individuals to whom , or on whose account , the same have been paid , the several periods when the debts were contracted , and when paid , and distinguishing the several classes of debts culled . the registered 761 debts , the cavalry loan , and the consolidated debt of 1777 ; and also distinguishing , the principal of the said debts from the interest claimed or accruing thereon . '' This he thought the more necessary , as it appeared from the , speech of the noble lord opposite to him ( lord Castlereagh ) , which was afterwards published by him , ( see vol . ii , p . 1158 . ) that the interest-money had been converted into principal , which was one principal cause of the great increase of the debt . in seconding the motion , cautioned the house to beware how they sanctioned the principle upon which the bill of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Hobhouse ) was founded , as , if dim principle were established , claimants would , no doubt , immediately come forward for above 3 millions , alledged to be due in the same way from the Nabob of Oude and other native princes in India . seconded the motion ; he said , he believed he could be able to throw some light on the causes which led to involve the Nabob of the Carnatic in such embarrassments and claims of debt from the company 's servants . Having the honour of an early and long intimacy with lord Macartney , who was , at one time , sent out as governor to Madras , that noble lord , after his return to Europe , had told him , that he had scarcely reached the seat of his government 24 hours , when he received a message from the Nabob , requesting to see him : the noble lord accordingly paid an