place in Westminster-hall rather than at the bar of the house of lords . He did not say that there ought to be no impeachment ; but he contended that it was of the essence of justice that it should not be dilatory nor unnecessarily expensive . Every person , as an hon . friend of his had observed , was to be presumed innocent till he was found guilty . He therefore , for the present , presumed that lord Melville was innocent ; and in this view , the mode of proceeding now proposed would bring the punishment of guilt on an innocent person . He did not consider this as a party question , but asked , whether it was just , or generous that a person who , setting the present affair aside , had rendered essential service to the country , and was therefore entitled to its gratitude , should , by the enormous expence to which he would be exposed , be consigned for the remainder of his life to want and poverty ? The noble lord ( H. Petty ) , and the hon . gent . who spoke last , had adverted to the old mode of proceeding , and to the trial of Mr. Hastings ; but was there a lawyer in Westminster-hall who did not consider that trial as an abominable disgrace ? The Judge Advocate ( Mr . Bond ) , in proposing a criminal information , had argued respecting this abomination , this foul stigma , with the greatest eloquence . Why was he not here to-day to support his argument ? He concluded by again asking , whether it was consistent with justice or generosity to bring a load of expence on the shoulders of the accused , which , whether innocent or guilty , would weigh him down to the earth ? said , that if any one circumstance had been mentioned which could prove that the trial should take place in Westminster-hall rather than at the bar of the house of lords , then indeed he might perhaps have been silent ; but as none such had been mentioned , he trusted the house would be open to receive any impressions that might be expected to be made by the 551 arguments of his hon . friends . It was said that he and his friends were inconsistent in having first wished for the impeachment , and then endeavouring to have it conducted at the bar of the house of lords . Where was the inconsistency ? They wished for impeachment still in preference to information , but they wished at the same time that it should be carried on in the manner least oppressive to the individual accused . Was there any novelty in having the impeachment at the bar of the house of lords ? No ; for the trial of lord Macclesfield was conducted in this manner . But even if there had been no instance of this kind , he would have been desirous of introducing that novelty , because he thought that course the most proper which united the essential attainment of justice with the least oppression to the individual . As to the point of inconsistency he , as the person who , in case the mode of information had been adopted , would have had the business to manage , had felt the difficulties that would attend this course of proceeding . The managers had better means acquiring important information by the mode of impeachment , and in fact it was not till of late that they had discovered what to them appeared matter of great consequence . Now , what would have been the situation of the case , if , instead of having an additional article , as now , he should have had to make this an additional count in his information ? They talked of the in consistency on his side of the house . Now , was there no inconsistency on the other ? They first voted for an impeachment indeed , but they subsequently voted for a criminal information . Why did