the case . Let us understand the nature of the proceeding in which we are engaged ; let us know upon what ground , the supporters of this motion mean to rely . Do they mean to say , that the greatest honours that the nation has to bestow , should be always given to splendid talents exerted in the service of the country ; or would they mean to make a distinction , and only give them to men of great talent , who happened to be in public offices ? It appears to me , however , that great talents , exerted in the service of the country , are as well entitled to a high reward , if the possessor should not happen to have been in public office , as if he had . Let us see how far this principle leads : it is said , you give the chief honours of the nation to those naval and military commanders who gain important victories ; and why not to those who guide their operations ? Must not their talents be presumed , at least , as great ? Now , sir , this can be easily answered . An important victory is generally a thing that admits of no dispute , no deception . The general who routs an enemy 's army , or the admiral who destroys his fleet , leaves no doubt as to the service that he has performed , and is therefore , by the unanimous opinion of every body , considered as an object of high honour . When , on a late occasion , these honours were paid to an illustrious admiral , all ranks and descriptions of people , the noble and the mean , the rich and the poor , the enlightened and the ignorant , all felt equally that those honours were due , and every heart vibrated to the general expression of national gratitude and respect . No man Can mistate or misrepresent such actions as those ; they 50 are not brought forward to answer any party views , or upon false pretences . It is for these reasons that there is a general concurrence in all countries to reward services of that description . Upon services of such a nature there is always almost an absolute unanimity of opinion ; but how can it be expected that there will be any thing like an unanimity of opinion , when the question is concerning the merits of a long political life ? It is for this reason that all nations make a distinction between the rewards given to a successful commander , and to the minister under whom he has gained his success . But if it will be said , that transcendant abilities , long and important services , long experience , and application of the mind to the important interests of the country , should claim as high a reward as is given to the most successful admirals or generals , I shall then ask , where were all those qualities and endowments more conspicuous than in the late Mr. Burke ? Mr. Burke , however , was not honoured with a public funeral . And yet Mr. Burke was inferior to no man in the splendour of his talents , nor in the purity of his mind , nor in genuine and disinterested patriotism , nor in long experience and devotion to the public service . Where then is the difference of the cases ? Do gentlemen mean to rest it entirely upon this , that men of splendid talents and endowments , if they happen to be in office , are entitled to the highest rewards a nation can bestow ; but should they be out of office , they are not entitled to honours , although they should serve their country with equal zeal , integrity , and ability ? In general I should say , that the presumptions were in favour of him who had served his country out of office , official situations being those which men may covet from other motives . In every point of