of the nation , and which , however liable to abuse , is generally considered as , justifying a very different conclusion . In stating the increase of this charge , he seems to forget , that without any increase in the proportion of the poor receiving relief to the other part of the community , they must 625 increase in number as the population advances , and the charge of relieving the same number of poor must also increase in proportion as all the articles of food , & c. advance in price.—I Certainly do not deny that the pressure of taxes is severe , but I do assert that it is not such as to check or disturb in any respect the industry , and consequently the prosperity of the country . — If the hon . gent . wishes to know what an impoverished and declining Country is , let him refer back to the period when my late right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) first took charge of the finances of the country in 1784 . The manufactures and commerce declining in proportion as burthens were imposed , even new taxes counteracting those in existence , and the whole falling short in produce of what they were taken at , and with difficulty providing for the permanent charge of the debt.—We now find , notwithstanding the taxes are since increased so much in amount , that both the old and new duties are increasing every year in amount , that hardly a tax has been laid which has not exceeded the estimate of its produce , and the documents before parliament indisputably prove , that our agriculture , manufactures , and commerce are extending themselves rapidly even in the midst of war.—We have also in later years been able to adopt the salutary principle of raising a large proportion of our supplies within the year ( including the war taxes now proposed ) to an extent nearly of one half of our war expenditure ; an effort which could only be made by a country both highly affluent and prosperous , whilst the sinking fund , already amounting to about eight millions a year , gives us every reason to hope that the moment is not far distant when the comparatively small increase of debt which now takes place may be prevented even in war , and its rapid liquidation looked to with confidence on the return of peace.—The noble lord well described the value of this institution to the public on a former night , by stating it as his persuasion , that , had the sinking fund on its present principles not been established in 1786 , we must ever since have made our loans on terms so ruinous as to have incurred an annual charge for interest alone fully equal to what now covers both the interest and sinking fund of the public debt . It may therefore be fairly said , that a perpetual annuity of 8 millions a year has been thereby saved to the nation , which after liquidating the principal is revertible to them.—The 626 justice and gratitude of parliament have left nothing to his friends to desire on this head , but surely a prouder monument was never raised by the wisdom and exertions of an individual to his own fame , than this single measure , established and inviolably adhered to through times of the utmost difficulty.— Can it , then , be said that the country does not exhibit at this moment the most convincing signs of wealth and prosperity ? If the people are heavily burthened , they bear it with fortitude and good will , because they feel it it the necessary consequence of the efforts which they are called upon to make for their own preservation against the common enemy . Heavy as the pressure is , can the hon . gent . recollect any period in the history of the country when discontent was less apparent , or when the nation submitted with more marks of manliness and even satisfaction to every sacrifice the public exigency has imposed ? Never