satisfied that , as he himself stated , he had brought it forward entirely as a constitutional question , which he would have supported at any moment , and in opposition to any administration . Yet he lamented much that before such a thing was proposed , the hon . mover and those who thought with him had not better weighed the authorities on which they had acted . Nobody was readier than he was to admit , that while the king had an undoubted right , by his prerogative , to choose his ministers , parliament had a right to declare its approbation or disapprobation of those ministers . But when a charge , instead of being brought against the ministers collectively , was confined to one individual , it assumed a most invidious aspect . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) had said that his right hon . friend ( Mr . Bond ) had admitted that an impression had been made on the minds of the people of this country by the measure in question , and that it was a very proper subject for enquiry . But then that impression had been made , not by the thing itself , but because several respectable people had expressed doubts on the subject , to whose oppinions they were accustomed to pay a becoming deference . This was 306 the real cause of whatever impression had been made , and this was all that was meant by his right hon . friend . But without troubling the house at any length after the question had been so fully discussed by his right hon . friend , he would advert to it briefly in a constitutional point of view . It was said on the other side , that the chief justice of the King 's Bench , ought not to be a Cabinet minister . Now , from our history , till a late period , nothing could be found concerning a Cabinet , and the privy council performed all the duties which were now executed by a select committee of that council . As a proof of this , Charles I. was the first of our monarchs who formed a Cabinet , which was afterwards abolished by Charles II . At the death of queen Anne , the dukes of Argyll and Somerset entered the Cabinet , and insisted upon taking their seats as members of the privy council . The Cabinet was not responsible as a Cabinet , but the ministers were responsible as the officers of the crown . Every one 's responsibility depended on the office he held . A privy counsellor was responsible as a privy counsellor , and a peer as a peer ; but none were responsible as Cabinet ministers Now then , though these resolutions should pass , they could only be considered as mere waste paper ; for though lord Ellenborough should be removed from the Cabinet , he would be exactly in the same situation as before in his capacity of privy counsellor , in his capacity as a peer , and as the representative of the king . If they were to be passed , then they would not go far enough , for in order to come up completely to the intentions of those who supported them , they ought to propose the removal of lord Ellenborough from his situation as a judge , as a peer , and as a privy counsellor . If there was an evil , the remedy proposed was inadequate to remove it . If the gentlemen thought that the constitution wanted reform in this point , it was open for them to state what reform they wished . The present motions were mere nullities . Now , this brought him to the question , whether a judge might properly advise his majesty as a Cabinet minister ? The hon . mover had recourse to judge Blackstone on this point ; yet , however , respectable as this authority was , he world in such a case as this expect something more than assertion ; but he