its room . He contended that it would raise half as much more from the agricultural interest alone , than had been proposed by the tax on horses employed in hus- 950 bandry which had been abandoned in the , last session , while all other classes of the community would be affected by it . was not apprehensive that the tax on iron would affect the farming interest in the proportion which had been mentioned ; but he feared it would go a great way towards anniilating the export trade , which , when once diverted from its channel , it would be extremely difficult to bring back again . said , it was not only in the iron used for shoeing horses that the farmer would seriously feel the tax , but in other uses , which made the consumption with him large . said , that a farmer who had four horses in his team , would pay at least 40s . a year under the tax . thought that the general effect of the tax would be severe ; but in checking the machinery of the country , he apprehended its operation would be particularly injurious.—The bill was then read a 2d time , and committed for Friday . The order of the day for the committee on the Property Tax bill on Friday was discharged , and the same-ordered for Monday next . The house met at 10 , and about 11 proceeded to Westminster-hall , to attend the trial of lord viscount Melville.—The bills on the table were previously forwarded in their respective stages . Amongst these , the 3 million Exchequer Bills bill , the Tea Duty bill , the Irish Bank Note bill , and the Irish House Tax Repeal bill , were read a third time and passed.—Their lordships returned to the house about a quarter before four.—Strangers were for some time excluded , during which an order was made to proceed on the trial of lord Melville the next morning , and a message was ordered to be sent to the Commons to acquaint them therewith . The house then took into consideration the amendments made by the Commons in the Declaratory bill respecting the liability of Witnesses to answer . A conversation of considerable length ensued , in which lords Eldon , Hawkesbury , Holland , Ellenborough , and the lord chancellor ; the earls of Suffolk , Rosslyn , and Stanhope ; and the duke of Norfolk , took a part . moved , '' that the farther consideration of the amendments be post- 951 poned till to-morrow ; '' in order that the attendance on a topic of such importance should be fuller , and to afford certain peers , who , he had reason to think , wished to speak , an opportunity of delivering their sentiments . thought the bill wanted some farther alteration or amendment , not deeming it , in its present shape , a bill declaratory of the law , as declared by the learned judges , or the greater part of them ; or according to their conceptions of what the law really was , as he had an opportunity of knowing , from a personal communication with some of them . Its tenour was different from that of other declaratory bills , for it went to declare , not what the law was , but what the law was not . He thought , under what had been thrown out on the subject , they should pause , and not pass the bill in its present shape . It involved legal considerations of the greatest importance , and in a way likely to affect many of their lordships , for instance , those who were great landed proprietors . The word `` only '' in the bill , on which so much stress had been laid , as rendering the declaration sufficiently definite , and as likely to prove a sufficient guide for the judges in the courts below , he thought would not be so efficacious , and in the interval proposed , he thought he should be able