, and who thereby ran every risk of having their sentiments on the subject perverted . His bill , therefore , went to restrain the publishing in newspapers , not only of cases of felony before magistrates , but of criminal informations moved for in Westminster hall , thereby preventing the statement of the one party from meeting the public eye till the case should fairly come before a judge and jury . He accordingly concluded by moving for leave to bring in a bill to prevent the publishing in newspapers of all ex parte and interlocutory criminal proceedings.—This motion was seconded by Mr. D. Erskine , and leave was given accordingly . On the motion of Mr. Paull , two several orders of the house of the 11th and 17th March , 1806 , were read ; the former , ordering the production of certain papers relative to Bhurtpore ; and the latter to Surat : and 797 the papers contained in them , were , after some observations from Mr. Addington and Mr. Grant , ordered to be produced forthwith . requested that the hon . gent . who was about to bring a charge against the marquis Wellesley , would state the distinct nature of the charge , and of the course of proceeding which he intended to adopt . replied , that it was his intention on Tuesday , to lay the ground of a charge against marquis Wellesley , for extravagant expenditure of the public money , and for having applied it to purposes of unnecessary splendour , contrary to an act of parliament . With regard to the course of proceeding , he did originally mean to move , that evidence be heard at the bar of the house in the first instance ; but he had heard strong objections to this mode by several members , who urged the propriety of laying the charge before the adduction of proof . The hon . gent . was proceeding to read a passage in a printed report of a speech of Mr. Burke 's , on the impeachment of Mr. Hastings , in corroboration of this opinion , when he was called to order by lord Temple , who protested against this as irregular . then proceeded to lay the ground of his motion , and stated , at some length , from papers , letters , and other documents , the circumstances of a treaty entered into with the nabob of Furruckabad , soon after the arrival of the marquis Cornwallis in India , and which was afterwards guaranteed by the East-India Co . The conditions of this treaty were , that the nabob should disband his own native troops , and be in future , protected by a British force , for which he was to pay a subsidy of 50,000l . annually , out of a revenue not exceeding 140,000l . ; and which treaty was faithfully observed by the nabob , up to the year 1801 . After disbanding his own troops , this prince was , of course , unable to resist any encroachments made upon his territories , except by the aid of the British force , which was to have protected him from all his enemies . The hon . gent . then went on to state , that after the arrival of lord Wellesley , he took , for the British government , contrary to the terms of the treaty , the tribute which was before paid to the nabob by the Rohillas . This , he was authorized to say , was contrary to the wishes of 23 out of the 24 directors of the East-India Co. ; though when he was 798 in India , he saw a dispatch from the secret committee approving of it . After this , some additional troops weir sent to repel any attacks made upon the nabob , when his subsidy was increased to 50 lacks of rupees , which was in violation of the express stipulations of the treaty . It was therefore with surprize , that he heard a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) move , last