appear , the number of recruits for unlimited service greatly exceeded those for limited service ; and that it was not until after the surrender of the Saratoga army , that the raising of men for limited terms was adopted , and then under circumstances which afforded no fair criterion to judge comparatively of its effects ; for the recruiting service was urged with unprecedented activity by the Corporation of London , and other great public bodies throughout the kingdom . The motion was then agreed to.—On the motion of the lord advocate of Scotland , it was ordered that the house do to-morrow resolve into a committee of the whole house , to consider of proper augmentations to the salaries of the judges of the admiralty in Scotland , and of the commissaries of Edinburgh . moved the order of the day for the 2d reading of the repealing the Additional Force act rose to oppose the bill . He did not object to it from a principle of opposition to his majesty 's ministers , but from the real convictions of his own mind ; and whether connected or unconnected with ministers , he should have felt it his duty to have pursued precisely the same course , as if it was avowedly the object of this bill to make way for the adoption of another measure to which his dislike was equally strong . His reason for opposing the repeal of the Additional Force act proceeded from two distinct grounds : namely , the great military principle , and what he should call the civil or minor principle . The military principle was that by which men were to be enlisted for the service , first , for a limited term of 5 years , and afterwards , if they should choose it , in a second battalion , with additional bounty for general service , without limitation of time or place . This he considered as a principle perfectly consistent with the spirit and objects of military service . The second principle , or that of raising men by the influence or authority of the parish officers , he considered much less important , and , for argument sake , he was willing to give it up , as wholly inadequate to any eligible or permanent purpose ; but for maintenance of the first principle , he was not only disposed , but ready to contend . In the first place , he thought it rather extraordinary that the rt . hon . gent . should propose the repeal of a bill , the leading principle of which was to give the recruit an option of enlisting either for limited or general service ; and this at the very time when he avowed his intention , under this proposed modification , to adopt that principle as one of his indispensible propositions . But though the bill now proposed to be repealed gave to the recruit an option for the limitation of his services to time and place , the latter he thought the still stronger inducement , and that which , if any thing could more strongly than another reconcile the recruit to enlistment it was this . Yet it was found by experience , that in point of fact this option had no material influence whatever in preventing men who enlisted for limited service , to extend the term afterwards by enlisting for general service , and for life . In fact , the military principle of the present bill was such as to adapt itself to any mind , whether 962 disposed for limited or general service , and it was with a view to the attainment of numbers , that it embraced both principles : so that it must answer every object proposed by any plan in the contemplation of the rt . hon . gent . as yet explained to the house : From the papers upon the table , the fact was evident , that the men who , under this bill , had enlisted for limited service , afterwards cheerfully offered themselves for general service , without any limitation ,