had the phenomena ; now we have the solution of them . The conclusion , therefore , was demonstrably clear . His trying lord George Gordon , for being the instigator of a mob , by which his own house had been burnt . had been this day mentioned.—The hon . gent . said , he would only adduce it as a proof of the habits of mind which had been produced by his being accustomed to consider himself as a political character , who was to take his side and go with his party , and how entirely this habit of mind had destroyed that instinctive delicacy which prompted a Judge to shrink from any thing which might give a bias or prepossession to his judgement . But , in truth , the hon . gent . remarked , all the arguments of the gentlemen on the other side , were grounded on the common fallacy of pushing a principle to extremes , and arguing that if it was not true to the utmost possible extent , it was to be held of no force or validity at all ; that therefore , because he and his friends did not object to a Judge 's being in the house of lords or the privy council , that therefore they had no right to object to his being in the Cabinet also : no species of reasoning was more unsound . But after all , the hon . gent . said , he would ask , as his hon . friend below him had done , cui bono ? What sufficient motive could be alledged for the measure objected to ? Could any temporary convenience of parties in the formation of a ministry , be for a moment to be set in the balance against even the possible and remote existence of evils , such as had been announced ? He could enlarge much on this head ; but he would detain the house no longer . He would only conjure gentlemen to consider this subject with the seriousness which it deserved . He would remind them that it went to fundamentals ; that it touched the very vitals of the constitution ; that it tended to affect the impartial administration of justice , our best possession and our highest glory ; and to impair that peculiar excellency of our whole system which the people of this country had long regarded with the greatest , admiration and endearment.—After a few words from general Lennox , the house divided ; when there appeared ; for Mr. Spencer Stanhope 's motion 64 ; for the order of the day 222 ; majority 158 . 342 List of the Minority . Ainslie , R. S. Lenox , C. Babington , T. Long , Right Hon . C. Bagwell , Wm Longfield , M. Binning , Lord Louvaine , Lord Baker , W. Mordaunt , C. Bootle , G. W. Mawaring , G. B. Bourne , W. S. Morland , W. Brodie , J. Morsham , Lord Broderick , Hon . W. Osborn , J. Browne , I. H. Paget , Hon . E. Burton General Primrose , Lord Canning , Right Hon . G. Percival , Hon . S. Castlereagh , Lord Phipps , Hon . E. Cowper , Hon . S. Pole , Hon . W. De Blaquicre , Lord Powell , J. Kynaston Dalrymple , Sir H. Rose , Right Hon . G. Dilion , Hon . H. A . Rose , G.H . Egerton , Wm . Ryder , Hon . R. Ellis , C. R. Seymour , Lord R. Fellows , W. Sitwell , F. Fitzharris , Lord Smith , T. A. Fitzhugh , W. Stanhope , W. S. Foster , Right Hon . J. Stewart , Hon . C. W. Garlies , Lord Tarleton , B. Hammett , J. Templetown , lord Hinchinbrook , Lord Wallance , F. Holford , G. P. Ward , R. Huskisson , W. Wortley , J . A. S. Jeffery , J. Wilberforce , W. Lascelles , Hon . E. Williams , Robert Lascelles , Hon . H. Wright , J . A