as from those of Ireland . However the noble patrons of the bill might think proper to treat the petitions of the people of England , they should recollect what was the situation of Ireland . There were few more hearty well wishers to the Union of that country with Great Britain than himself ; but if after taking away the parliament of that country , where they might have sought redress , they were refused to be allowed time and opportunity to be heard , he should greatly regret that the measure ever took place ; and no assertion of any man should convince him , that this was not a subject on which the people were to be heard . His noble friend ( lord Auckland ) thought differently at the time of the Irish propositions . The question was , not merely whether the responsibility should be transferred , but , whether the suspensions of the navigation laws should be facilitated , and systematically established ; — whether our West India settlements should be rendered completely dependent on the American States ; whether our carrying trade and commerce should be thrown into other hands , and the British colonies in North America absolutely ruined . His lordship then moved , in order to give time to the petitioners to come forward and to be heard , that the order for the second reading of the bill be discharged , and that Friday the 16th instant be appointed for that purpose , and for hearing the petitioners —The motion was negatived without a division , Lord Grenville then moved that the bill be read a second time . called the attention of the house to the alarm which . had been excited by the manner in which this subject had been stated by the noble lord who originally proposed it , and by the sup- 1034 position that other measures might follow the present , which might have a serious effect upon the shipping interest of this country . The effect which the bill might have upon the shipping interest was , in this instance , no light consideration , as the trade to the West Indies employed from six to seven thousand seamen , and formed one of those nurseries for our seamen , which ought to be cherished and encouraged instead of being depressed or checked . in his view of the subject , the bill was neither politic or necessary . It was impolitic inasmuch as it went to authorise the suspension of our navigation laws , those laws to which we were originally indebted for our maritime superiority ; it was unnecessary inasmuch as it only professed to do that which had been already done , and might be again in a manner less objectionable , by leaving it to the West India governors to act upon their own responsibility in cases of necessity . If on the contrary the governors were to be prospectively authorised to suspend the navigation laws , it should be recollected that it might frequently be to their interest to direct such suspension where no immediate necessity required it . He did not despair though he did not mean to assert it , that with our present maritime superiority , the West India islands might , even in time of war , be supplied in British bottoms by means of convoys . In a dine of peace there could be no doubt about it , and he denied that the calamities which a noble lord ( Holland ) , on a former occasion , stated to have resulted to the West Indies from not suspending the navigation laws , had proceeded from that source , as they were the natural consequences of earthquakes and hurricanes . He was inimical to the present bill , not only on account of the positive evil resulting to the shipping interest of the country , from the suspension of the navigation laws , but on account of t hose measures still more injurious to that interest to which this bill might afterwards serve as a basis . thought the noble duke had rather