seeing , as he did , that a similar vote did not , by any means , diminish the character of lord Chatham , or that his dying in debt had , in the least , sunk him in estimation , he did not conceive , how the same circumstances could have a different effect upon the memory of his son . When the house called to mind , that , for 20 years of Mr. Pitt 's life , his attention was wholly occupied in the discharge of public duties , having no other subsistence for the support of his station , but the salaries of his offices ; and that , with the exception of the Cinque Ports , he rejected all the emoluments which might have been so frequently within his reach , they must be impressed with a thorough conviction , that his poverty was the best proof that could be given of his virtue . In the investigation of his conduct , which took place in a committee it , as well as the whole house of commons , acquitted him of all blame , and acknowledged , that he came from the enquiry with unsullied hands . This vote , he said , was not meant to operate as a common precedent for discharging the debts of ministers , nor was it brought forward for 129 any common purpose . It was generally , if not universally admitted , that Mr. Pitt was the main instrument of saving the country from that anarchy with which it was at one time threatened . Further still , this great man had done more for the promotion of public credit , and the improvement of the finances , than any other minister recorded in our history . Notwithstanding the difficulties we had to encounter , notwithstanding the calamities that had befallen Europe , he had raised the country to a pitch of prosperity , of which the world did not afford an example . When , therefore , he called upon the house to pass the vote he meant to propose , it would be felt , that he made the claim for a man entitled to this mark of the gratitude of the country ; and notwithstanding the adverse opinions that some political men might entertain , he was sure he asked it for a man possessing in the fullest sense , the esteem and approbation of his country , which would not fail to sanction the vote with its most hearty acclamation and concurrence . With respect to the sum which would be necessary , it was found on the fullest investigation , that 40,000l . would be sufficient to cover the whole of the debts . When that sum was compared with what the nation paid for the late lord Chatham , and when the difference of the times , and the increased value of all articles of consumption were considered , it would be found , that the country was not now called upon to do more , than it did then . He should therefore move , `` that an humble Address be presented to his majesty , to represent to his majesty , that this house , having received information that , on the death of the late right hon . William Pitt , he left debts to a considerable amount , for the payment of which his property has been found insufficient , and being desirous to shew every testimony of their esteem and respect for the memory of the said right hon . William Pitt , most humbly beseech his majesty to advance a sum , not exceeding 40,000l . towards the payment of the said debts , and to assure his majesty that this house will make good the same . '' rose to second the motion . He seized this as the last opportunity the house would have , of shewing its respect to the illustrious character , which was so much entitled to the gratitude and veneration of the country ; and he was sure the house would go with him in paying a just testimony