courts . The decision in the Common Pleas was the only one which could be calculated on , as that in the King 's Bench , which was not as solemn judgment , but merely a verdict at Nisi Prius , did not at all proceed on the act of King William , but was founded on the statute of George . II . imposing penalties , where the judge necessarily left . it to the jury to find , quo animo the 30l . was given . hoped to be forgiven while he in as few words as possible stated the situation in which the law of the case at present stood . The only instance in which a solemn decision on the point had taken place was that before alluded to , in the court of Common Pleas , in which the law was laid down as stated by his right hon . friend who introduced the bill ; as to what had passed at Nisi Prius , that he did not pretend to know . As to the state of the practice before the committees of the house of commons , that , he confessed , had been in general contrary to the decision of the court of Common Pleas . He had had considerable practice in matters of that kind , and he had seen several committees find that the providing of carriages to electors who resided at a distance , or supplying them with the means of providing such carriages , were not violations of the act of king William . Other committees he had seen find , that supporting such electors while absent from home , and enabling them again to return to the place from whence they came , were also not to be esteemed as falling under the act . For 20 years , he was certain , that had been the general plan pursued by committees : that was to say , elections were not declared void on account of such practices . But the difficulty had always been , what was properly to be ascribed to those motives , and if , under pretence of such allowace , any corruption had been exercised . Where no such excess was found , the facts already stated , were not esteemed grounds on which the elections should be declared void . This was an extremely singular state of the law between our courts of justice and our parliamentary judicature . In the courts of law , an action for these expences could not be entertained ; in our parliamentary judicature they were held to be perfectly 519 legal . He had indeed seen committees who thought otherwise , and who had esteemed such furnishings to come within the statute of William . But what must be the case of the candidate in such an uncertain state of matters ? Or what could a person to whom he applied for advice , say to him ? He might tell him ; I can not advise you , the general turn of the opinion of the committees is so and so ; that , by the act of king William , it was , at least , extremely questionable how far he was entitled to grant any of those furnishings ; but still he could give him no precise advice by which he might not be injured either in a court of law or by ' a parliamentary judicature . Miserable , in such a state as this , must the case of the candidate be . For these reasons he wished the bill might be allowed to go through a committee , where it would be in the power of the house to determine the general rule or admeasurement by which conveyances for electors was to be regulated . He could not approve of the bill as it now stood . If it were to be laid down , that a candidate , by conveying an elector on a coach-box from the place of his residence to the scene of the election , forfeited his seat , he should esteem it , not