to be wished that such papers should be printed , and put into the hands of members before the discussion should take place . Some of those papers were not yet produced , and a considerable time would be necessary for their printing . If there should be sufficient time for this purpose , before the day fixed on by the hon . gent. , he certainly could have no objection that the matter should be finally taken up on that day . But should it appear in the mean time that all the documents could not be before the house previously to that day , he thought it only reasonable that a farther delay should take place . At present he had no object on to the day nominated by the hon . gent . moved the order of the day , for taking into consideration his majesty 's message , relative to Prussia , 887 which being read from the chair , the right hon . secretary rose , and spoke as follows : I am sure , sir , that it is impossible that the message we have now heard read , can fail to excite the strongest sensation in every temper and disposition of mind which can exist in this house . In the first place , when we hear it stated that his majesty has abstained from appealing to his British subjects , on account of the violence and injustice which had been done to him in the seizure of his electoral dominions , it is impossible not to feel grateful for that kindness and mildness which his majesty has always shewn to the subjects of this realm . It was with the most extreme reluctance that he could consent to involve them in war upon any ground that was not immediately and directly connected with British interests . After the sentiment of gratitude to his majesty for this tender consideration of his subjects of this kingdom , the next feeling which must be strongly excited by the message , is a feeling of just indignation at the conduct of the court of Prussia . I hope that every member , while he feels this just indignation , will , at the same time perceive the propriety of uniting the most vigorous measures , with a language temperate and moderate , and which does not violate that respect which has been always considered as due to crowned heads , and ought not in the present times to be departed from . Indeed , to describe justly the measures which have been adopted by the court of Prussia against this country , they can not be called the measures of the king of Prussia ; for that sovereign is known to be of a mild and pacific disposition . The measures must be considered such as his Prussian majesty has been induced to adopt from the pernicious councils of the enemies of this country . Had it been my object to condemn , in the strongest terms , the decision of the Prussian cabinet , I might have though it necessary to lay some additional papers on the table , but that not being my object , I have moved but for few . More would have been unnecessary , as it was not my wish to give the strongest possible colouring to the accusation that the message contains . In order to understand those proceedings which have terminated in an outrage , unprecedented in the history of the worst proceedings of the worst times of Europe , it will be necessary to view the transaction a little earlier . The origin of this proceeding is to be traced to the convention concluded , at Vienna , on the , 15th of Dec. , between Count Haugwitz and the French emperor ; 888 but when it is considered what was the situation of Prussia , at the time that its sovereign concluded that treaty with France , it must be recollected , that its means of negotiation were still greater than , what it derived from its own sources , or its own armies . The