which was that they never were able to abandon any opinion they had once adopted , however etroneous it might be . This seemed to be now the case with those who in their devotion for the navigation laws , would suffer the West Indies to be ruined , and their inhabitants starved for want of necessaries Had not the governors of the islands permitted the importation of provisions , the inhabitants of the islands would have perished . But governors might not always be disposed to act on their responsibility , and the islands might be in want . He wished to know how they could be supplied by British ships ? At this moment we were not able to get seamen to man our navy , much less to send ships out to carry on a circuitous trade to America , and thence to the West Indies . The export of 839 West-India commodities would be considerably checked if the American intercourse was not permitted . The conduct pursued by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) reminded him of other measures adopted by him to the prejudice of the West-India planters , when he acted under the late chancellor of the exchequer . They gave unlimited encouragement to the importation of brandy , and the consequence was that the poor West-India planters could hardly find a market for their rum . The measure now about to be adopted by government would have a most beneficial effect , and it met with his decided approbation . approved of the measure about to be adopted by ministers ; as did also who said that so great was the scarcity of shipping to carry away the produce of the plantations , that he had 200 hogsheads of rum lying at one time for 6 months , without any means of sending them away . As to British ships carrying on the trade to the colonies which the Americans did , none would be found to do it . said , that the trade was sufficiently profitable to afford a temptation to our merchants to carry it on.—The motions were then agreed to . On the order for going into a committee on the Slave Importation bill , said , it was the duty of the house seriously to consider how the passing of such an act as this might affect the trade and manufactures of the country . On that very evening a message had been brought down from his majesty , with an account of acts of hostility practised against this country by Prussia , and he hoped there would be but one opinion in that house , and in the country , as to the course we ought to pursue on such an occasion . The house must be aware that the exclusion of our vessels from Prussian ports would materially affect the export of our manufactures , and on that account he did not wish to see any measure adopted which should serve to increase that evil . If the trade carried on to the coast of Africa was diminished , not only would the sale of British commodities be diminished , but the trade itself would be taken up by the Americans ; and on the score of humanity , it was much better it should be carried on by this country , on account of the superior good treatment which slaves met with in British ships.—The bill was then committed . The West-India Governors Indemnity bill was read a 3d time and passed.—On the motion of lord Auckland , the order for taking the report of the Impeachment Proceedings Committee into consideration to-morrow , was discharged , and the report was ordered to be referred to the said committed for revision , & c.—Earl Stanhope moved , that the order for committing the bill for the more effectually Discovering of Truth from Witnesses , should be Further postponed till the 19th of May , which was ordered accordingly . The hon . Henry Erskine ( lord advocate of Scotland ) and Mr. Wickham took the oaths and their seats.—Mr . Whitbread moved