they might be aware of what they were about . The office of auditor of the exchequer was subordinate to , and subject to the check of , the commissioners of the treasury . Of course the office of auditor of the exchequer and commissioner of the treasury could not , either in law or equity , be consistently held by the same person . Certainly such appeared to be the conception upon all former occasions , and therefore the hon . gent . could not justly talk of the existence of any doubts upon the subject . The bill he had in contemplation , therefore , could not be said to be a proposition to remove doubts , but to enact a new law . stated that , agreeably to the suggestions of the hon . gent. , he should give notice of his motion for to-morrow . said he wished to speak upon the subject of the hon . gent . 's motion . observed that there was no question before the house . said that he was not contented . He rose to object to the hon . gent . 's withdrawing the motion— begged the right hon . gent . to recollect that no motion was made , as he had interrupted the hon . gent . in his progress towards making a motion . On the order for summoning their lordships for this day being read , said , he had hoped when he gave his notice for this day , that the arrangements in contemplation would have been completed , so as to have ensured a full attendance of their lordships , it having been his intention to enter into an explanation , respecting several points connected with the papers which he had laid upon the table , at the same time that he presented to their lordships , by his majesty 's command , several other documents upon the subject of the late continental war . He had brought down the papers to which he alluded , and he could not let tins opportunity slip , of giving some explanation to their lordships , upon certain points 144 which they involved . Had it been upon any ordinary occasion that the treaties were presented to the house , it would have been sufficient to have left them to speak for themselves . Their lordships would , in perusing them , have found that the first object of his majesty 's government had been , to form a well-arranged plan , which , in its execution , might afford every reasonable prospect of effecting the deliverance of Europe ; the next object was , that those means might be provided , which might give effect to the negociation , which was at that period expected to be carried on , or , in the event of that negociation terminating in war , might enable the allies to pursue hostilities with proportionate energy and vigour . They would have seen by these treaties , that 500,000 men were to have been brought into the field , 320,000 by Austria , and 180,000 by Russia , a number certainly amply sufficient , according to every calculation , for the purposes of carrying into effect those objects which it was sought to attain . It had been a matter of calculation , what number of troops France could have brought to act upon a certain point , in a given time , and what number of Austrian and Russian troops would be at that point by the time specified . He received official returns , by which it appeared , that 320,000 Austrians , and 180,000 Russians , were actually in the field , or on their march . The Russian troops in fact marched according to their engagement , and arrived at their destination , and were ready to take the field , two days earlier than the time specified for their reaching the point where they were to effect a junction with their Austrian allies . The plan thus prepared , the arrangements thus made , were unfortunately deranged by the precipitancy of Austria .