the answer would subject him to a civil action or , what was still worse , a witness , for the same reason , might refuse to answer a question , the answer to which would acquit a prisoner . The Master of the Rolls stated , that he never recollected any point of law relating to evidence , settled by the legislature , on which account he was inimical to the bill . He did not think an act could be passed which would comprehend every case , and therefore as the courts of law would in time settle their own practice , which could be again altered as .necessity required , he thought it much preferable to permit them 900 to do that , than to enact a positive law , which in all cases must be construed according to the letter . observed , that every thing which had been urged against this bill , convinced him the more of the necessity of it . The difference of opinion among the judges , was a certain proof , that some remedy should be applied to the evil ; and when he considered the arguments of the many learned gentlemen who had expressed their sentiments upon it , he thought the necessity still stronger . The learned gent . who had just sat down , had presided at one time of his life in a criminal court , when he was chief justice of Chester ; and he begged leave to ask him , whether he ever had heard the exception taken ? The negative opinion he considered the strongest point in favour of it ; but from the argument , he was to presume , that no such doubt ever did exist . A noble and learned lord , however , of the upper house ( lord Eldon ) , had expressed very considerable doubts upon the subject ; and , if a doubt did exist , the mischief would be without bounds in every part of the judicature of the kingdom , if the bill were not passed . From every consideration which he could possibly give the subject , he thought the bill did not go one tittle beyond the opinion of the judges , and the words of it were perfectly consonant with that opinion , for which reasons he supported the bill . The house then divided , when there appeared ; For the third reading of the bill , 51 ; Against it , 18 ; Majority , 33. said , that in his opinion the papers now on the table did not sufficiently explain the nature of the bill now before their lordships . He had therefore to move for several others , by which the object of the bill might be more fully and satisfactorily explained . His lordship then proceeded to move for a long string of papers respecting the number and tonnage of the vessels employed in that trade at different periods since 1797. observed , that the object the noble lord had in view might easily be ascertained from the papers already on the table . To prepare and produce the papers would , in his opinion , be only productive of much mischief . The papers , however , were granted ; and lord Sheffield gave no- 901 tice , that he should , on Tuesday next , move that the 2nd reading of the bill be deferred till Monday se'nnight . reported from the committee appointed to seach for precedents of proceedings on impeachments , the ceremonial proposed to be observed on the trial of lord Melville , which had been recommended to them for alteration . His lordship having read the report , moved to add to it , in conformity with three precedents of impeachments previous to that of Mr. Hastings , that the peers should remain in their places , and not depart from them during the trial on each day.—A long conversation ensued between lord Auckland , the earl of Radnor , lord Holland , lord Eldon , earl Stanhope , the earl of Westmeath , earl Spencer , the duke