sent to the commons to acquaint them therewith.—A petition was presented from lord vise . Hawarden , claiming the Right of Voting at the Election for Representative Peers of Ireland , which was referred to the Committee of Privileges.—Adjourned to the 14th inst . presented a petition from the owners and occupiers of lands in the parish of Lambeth , against the Lambeth Inclosure Bill , praying to be heard by counsel , against the bill , which was referred to the committee on the bill.—An ingrossed bill for amending an act , passed in Ireland in the 29th year of King George II . intituled , `` An act for amending and making more effectual the several laws relating to the First Fruits , payable out of Ecclesiastical Benefices in this kingdom , and for the better regulation and management of the Charitable Bequest of Dr. Hugh Boulter , lae lord archbishop of Armagh , for augmenting the maintenance of poor Clergy in this kingdom , '' so far only as relates to the said charitable bequest , was read the third time , and passed.—Mr . Johnson , from the office of the chief secretary for Ireland , presented to the house , pursuant to their orders , a return of the number of Common Law Subpœnas and Writs of Cabias Quo Minus , issued from the court of exchequer in Ireland , for the last four years , commencing the 1st of November , 1801 ; and also an account of the quantity of Spirits distilled in Ireland imported into Great Britain in the years 1801 , 1802 , 1803 , 1804 , and 1805 , stating the amount of the Duty paid in each year , and the amount thereof in the whole ; which were ordered to lie upon the table.—Mr . Hutton , from the navy pay-office , presented to the house , pursuant to their orders , an account of the sums which re- 645 mained in his majesty 's exchequer on the 31st of December , 1804 , being part of the grants of parliament for naval services for the year 1804 ; and also an account of the aggregate amount of the certified balances in the hands of the treasurer of the navy and his cashiers on the 31st of December , 1804 ; and also an account of the exchequer bills issued from his majesty 's exchequer for naval services , which remained in the hands of messrs. B. and A. Goldsmid on the 31st of December , 1804.—The attorney general presented to the house , according to order , a bill to prevent the importation of Slaves by any of his majesty 's subjects into any islands , colonies , plantations , or territories belonging to any foreign sovereign , state , or power ; and also to render more effectual a certain order , made by his majesty in council on the 15th day of August , 1805 , for prohibiting the importation of slaves ( except in certain cases ) into any of the settlements , islands , colonies , or plantations on the continent of America , or in the West Indies , which have been surrendered to his majesty 's arms during the present war ; and the same was received , and read the first time , and ordered to be read a second time on the 16th inst.—The secretary at war presented several military estimates , which , he said , did not relate to the military arrangements to be brought forward that night , and gave notice that , on Monday se'nnight , he would move their being taken into consideration in a committee of supply.—Mr . Vansittart presented the second report of the commissioners of revision of the civil affairs of the navy ; which was ordered to be printed.—Mr . Vansittart brought up a bill for granting certain duties on iron ; which was read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time on Monday se'nnight.— Mr. Perceval gave notice , that on the first day after the recess he would bring in a bill for