a Sufficient number of members was more likely . The hon . member thought it unnecessary to give any previous notice of this motion , as neither of the parties immediately interested had any objection to the proposed postponement . The Speaker apprehended that previous notice of such a motion Ought to be given , even though both the parties concerned were disposed to consent to the motion itself . For the Principal object of such notices was , that the house should not be taken by surprise . Agreeably to this suggestion , Mr. S. Bourne gave notice of his motion for Monday next . rose , pursuant to notice , to move for leave to bring in a bill for the purpose of ascertaining the population of Ireland . The right hon . gent . expressed his wish to assimilate the laws and regulation of Ireland to those of this country , as far as it was just and expedient . To the speaker he observed that this part of the united kingdom was , among other advantages , indebted for a measure of a similar nature ; and he was happy to know that the proposition he was about to submit to the house , met the approbation of that justly respected personage . It must indeed be obvious to every man conversant with the subject , that to , ascertain the population of a country , was a grand desideratum in political economy , whether considered with regard to its physical force , its agricultural produce , or its financial capacities . In Ireland , the right hon . gent . observed , there were not the same facilities for enu- 114 merating the population that were to be found in this country . For , in that part of the united kingdom , there was no regular registry of births or deaths . Besides , there were no poor-laws ; through the overseers and others employed in the execution of which , in England , means were easily had to discover the number of the population . Therefore , to remedy this inconvenience with regard to Ireland , the right hon . gent . proposed to introduce a clause into the bill , authorising the magistrates of the county of the city of Dublin , with the advice of their , recorder , and the magistrates of the other Irish counties , aided by the advice of the assistant barrister , at a general quarter sessions , to appoint one or more householder , according to necessity , for each barony , parish , or such other district as might be deemed expedient , for the purpose of collecting a list of the inhabitants of such districts , the expence arising from such appointments , & c. to be defrayed by the assessment of the grand juries of the several counties , in the same manner as presentments for roads , & c. are now provided for . The right hon . gent . stated his intention to move that the bill should , as soon as it was brought in , be read a first time and printed . He would then let it stand over for some time , in order that all persons concerned should have a full opportunity of examining it , and from that consideration , he should not move the second reading until after the Easter recess.—The motion was agreed to , and the right hon . mover was appointed , with Mr. Grattan and others , to prepare and bring in the bill . in moving that the house should resolve itself into a committee of supply , for the purpose of taking the army estimates into consideration , took occasion to observe , that he hoped there would be no objection to the proposed mode of proceeding , although it was a departure from the general custom with regard to army , estimates . These estimates were , usually , at least a week on the table , before any proposition was made to vote them in the committee ; and such time for previous consideration was