the disfranchisement of the electors , but of the candidates . rose to reply . He observed that it appeared to him rather inconsistent in his right hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) , to consent to the bill going into a committee , while he at the same time pretty clearly signified his disapprobation of its principle . One gentleman had found fault with the bill because he considered it a sort of parliamentary reform . Another objected to it , because it was not a parliamentary reform , and thought that he ( Mr. Tierney ) had deserted that principle , which he had so often professed that he adhered to . In the first place , he would say , this measure was not connected with what was generally called a parliamentary reform . But at the sane time , no person ought to consider his introducing it , as any dereliction of the principles and opinions he had formerly professed . A wise and prudent lover of reform would get what he could towards his object , when circumstances prevented him from getting what he wished . He was a little astonished at what had fallen from another hon . gent . ( Mr. Courtenay ) , who had been a long time , a warm advocate for parliamentary reform , and who still considered the noise and tumult attending po 520 pular elections , as a genuine symptom of the spirit of British liberty . He could assure that hon . gent. , that if he had ever been at the Borough election , about three or four o'clock in the day , when the poll was cast up , he would have witnessed as much of those indications of the spirit of British liberty , and heard as much noise , shouting , and tumuit , as his heart could wish . He could not conceive , how it could be said to be disfranchising any body , to declare `` that no man should be permitted to exercise his elective franchise at the expence of the candidate . '' Would any gent . contend , that the franchise included a right of being carried , free of expence , to and from the place of election ? As nobody could argue that such a right existed in the elector , there would be no right taken away by the present bill . But while this practice was allowed , it was impossible for gentlemen of moderate fortune , whatever might be their talents , or the esteem in which they were held , to stand before men of much superior wealth . They could not afford to bring the freeholders in their interest from the distance of fifty or sixty miles to the county town . It was not so much his object to protect candidates from expence , as to protect parliament , and to throw its doors open to that description of men , whose introduction he considered as a most desirable thing : he did not wish that wealth should be deprived of its proper influence , but he must object to its being the only qualification ; he always wished to see men of large fortunes in that house , but he also wished to see members of another description . As long as the candidate was expected to pay the expence of bringing the freeholders to the place of election , so long great wealth must carry every thing before it ; for no man of moderate fortune , whatever might be his talents , or the esteem in which he was held , could ever venture to incur the expence of being a candidate for a county . He could see no better reason for a candidate being expected to be at the expence of conveying to a borough town all the freemen he could find to vote for him . If those men left the town where they had obtained their franchise , it was for their own emolument they left it ; and if they should come up to London , in order to