an additional clause , respecting the discretionary powers to be vested in the governors of the islands , the matter of a distinct and separate bill . Respecting this very important consideration , however , which involved topics of the greatest consequence to the commercial interests of the empire , he had it seriously to recommend it to the attention of ministers , that under the circumstances , it was preferable to postpone the discussion of that part of the subject till the next session . This proceeding would not only not operate injuriously , but not be productive of any inconvenience . His lordship pressed this point upon the serious consideration of ministers , and adverted to the importance of any topic which so deeply involved the commercial concerns of the country , and its navigation laws , as that to which he alluded . shortly expressed his opinion , that his noble friend seemed to misconceive what had fallen from him . made a few remarks on the 768 occasion , and seemed to entertain a similar idea with his noble friend , respecting the misconception of the noble lord opposite . With the latter , he concurred that the subject adverted to was one of considerable importance , and that full and ample time ought to be allowed noble lords to investigate and to make up their minds upon the subject . However , he did not deem it necessary to postpone the consideration until the next session ; for that , on Monday next , it was his intention to bring forward a bill to the effect alluded to , and for the consideration of which , previous to its second reading , he certainly meant to give full and sufficient time.—The bill was then read a 2nd time , and committed . A new writ Was ordered for the borough of Kinsale , in Ireland , in the room of Samuel Campbell Rowley , esq . who has accepted the Chiltern hundreds.—Mr . Francis , previously to the 2d reading of the bill for extending the powers of the commissioners for liquidating the Debts of the princes of the Carnatic , wished to throw it out , in the way of a suggestion , or a notice , that he thought it extremely proper for the members of that house , who were of the legal profession , to be prepared to give an opinion , whether , by the fair construction of the act of 1784 , the court of directors of the East-India company had a right , by law , to delegate the powers with which they were invested by the act , to commissioners or any other persons ? —On the motion of sir P. Stephens the house went into a committee on the acts relating to the discovery of the Longitude . A resolution granting 10,000l . for the purposes of the act was agreed to.—On the motion of sir J. Sinclair , a committee was appointed to examine into and report upon the grants already made payable out of the Forfeited Estates in Scotland , as also the balances relating thereto . The house having resolved itself into a committee on this bill , said , that from what had passed upon a former occasion , he had reason to expect that such objections as he had stated to it , would have been obviated ; and even though he had found it to be so intended , he knew that , having declared his opinion that the bill was quite unnecessary , he was not bound 769 to contribute any thing towards the perfection of it . However , finding also that the house was called upon to declare the provisions of this bill , according to the opinions of the twelve judges , he thought it right that the provisions should be made as much as possible to correspond with those opinions , as they were delivered . The judges by no means laid it down as an universal proposition , that witnesses were bound to answer all questions , to criminate themselves . They all admitted