him eminently worthy of the situation . He had not only been assiduously attentive to the military operations of our navy , but had been indefatigably engaged in digesting and modifying the practice in the civil department ; and if he were now to quit the high office which he held , he would quit it after having planted deep the roots of the naval strength of the empire . With regard to the earl of Northesk , he had no difficulty in saying , that though no intimation of that nature had been made to the house , his majesty certainly destined for that gallant nobleman a strong mark of his favour , which was to create him a knight of the bath . thought there was no reason assigned for the delay . He begged it to be understood , that he had not the least intention to convey an idea of any disrespect present first lord of the admiralty ; he only objected to the mode in which 106 praise had been introduced , and which ought to have been confined to those who were the objects of it . He should have made the same objection to the praise , as not belonging to the subject before the house , even if lord Spencer or lord St. Vincent were at the head of the admiralty , were they to be made the objects of praise when the real subject related to officers whose skill and courage had achieved a victory . Nay , so unconnected was that idea with the might be a contrast to the other , and borrow some of its excellence from the defects of the other . Here again he must repeat , he had no intention to say one word against the present first lord of the admiralty ; but praising government when naval officers were alone the objects of praise was a bad mode of doing things ; it was uniting two subjects which had no connection with each other . It was not usual neither , and would be a bad precedent . It was not attempted , when thanks were voted to lord Howe or lord St. Vincent . conceiving that some part of the noble lord 's observations alluded to remarks which had fallen from him on a former occasion , respecting the conduct of the admiralty , and the unprotected state of our West-India Islands , said , that he saw nothing in the speech of the noble lord to induce him to alter his opinion . If the evils which he apprehended had not come to pass , it was owing to Providence or the bad conduct of the enemy . He accused his majesty 's ministers of a culpable delay in conferring a reward on rear-admiral lord Northesk . denied that there was any unnecessary delay ; and affirmed that the allegation was highly disrespectful to his majesty . denied with warmth , the charge of disrespect to his sovereign , which he should be the last man to be guilty of . He persisted in accusing the ministry of culpable neglect , in omitting to reward lord Northesk . Were the merits of that noble admiral doubtful ? Was not a peerage immediately sent to admiral Collingwood ? Why was not the same promptitude shewn in respect to lord Northesk ? explained , that the delay was solely occasioned by a wish to consider maturely of the best method of conferring a reward on the noble lord who was the subject of debate . observed , that admiral Harvey , who commanded the Temeraire , had also distinguished himself most honurably in one of the engagements , which gave a foundation for the thanks of the house being voted . Having been an old companion , and an old fellow-member in that house , he would have been glad if that honourable and gallant officer 's name had been also mentioned in the vote of thanks . He should , therefore , conclude in the words of the song— `` How ' twould cheer `` Our hearts to hear , `` That our