the direction of Mr. Pitt , possessed himself of information from every furnace in the kingdom ; and the papers were at the service of the noble lord , as was every other information he possessed ; for his object was to serve his country to the utmost of his power , and not to thwart any measures taken for its support . As to the tax on appraisements , that had also been proposed to Mr. Pitt , but it had been given up as a thing likely to be too unproductive to be entertained . With regard to the tax on tea , there were really serious objsctions taken to it by Mr. Pitt , particularly on the lower sorts of it , for it was , in general , used with the poorer sort of people , and this he knew from personal experience ; he knew that the mass of the poorer classes not only took tea morning and evening , but also very often for their dinner ; and this made Mr. Pitt very unwilling to make it the subject of taxation . As to the article of tobacco , it would produce a great deal of money , for there was a large consumption of it ; but here , again , it should be remembered , that the value of the article itself was about 6d . a pound ; there was already a duty of 1s . 7d upon it , and this additional 6d . would make the duty four times the value of the article , a great temptation to smuggling , certainly ; the facility to which was the greater , as it was an article easily carried on horseback . There were many other observations which he might make on other articles of taxation proposed by the noble lord ; but he should not make them , because his object was to lend all the aid in his power to government , instead of obstructing it . He then proceeded to observe , that until lately , that is , long within his own memory , no attempt was made to bring the public accounts of this country into any thing like form or system . He wished the house to understand the situation in which Mr. Pitt found the finances this country , and the situation in which he left them . A committee was appointed some years ago , at the head of which was a very respectable gentleman , Mr. Pitt , afterwards 630 lord Camelford ; and other men of the first talents , and to whom the house looked up , were on that committee , —the member for Salisbury , and the member for Hertford ; and an investigation of the public accounts was then set on foot . That committee reported to the house the taxes then imposed , and the produce of them ; and as they thought it an object for the house to consider , whether the taxes of that year had any effect on former taxes , they called for an account of the other ; but what was most surprising , they did not cast up the totals , and compare the taxes of the year with those which had preceded them ; if they had , they would have found that the taxes of that year amounted to one million less than those of the preceding year , although 700,000l . had been added to the taxation of that year ; this was in the year 1782 . But when Mr. Pitt came into power , he put the finances into a regular state . The first step he took was to move the house , for a committee to consider the state of the finance of the country , and to bring it into a proper method ; the chairman of the committee was a noble lord ( Grenville ) , now at the head of the treasury , a more fit person than whom he did not believe existed , either for that situation , or the present exalted one which he now