fund . But his noble friend would take care that the Ways and Means should not exceed the supplies to be voted . He admitted , however , that there was considerable inconvenience in bringing forward the Ways and , Means before the estimates for the army were regularly before the house , and it was one which ought as much as possible to be avoided . But the same sort of inconvenience was felt last year in the vote with regard to the subsidies , the amount of which depended upon treaties with foreign powers , which at that time were not in great forwardness , But though he admitted the inconvenience , he denied that there was any thing in this proceeding which counteracted any fixed principle . The inconvenience of delaying the bringing forward of the budget till the army estimates could be regularly produced , would , however , have been greater than the one under which they at present laboured , and government had only the choice between the two . Now , with regard to the words of his noble friend respecting the frauds and abuses in the West Indies , he must say that he was taken up in a very hasty manner . He had heard him perfectly , but had no idea that he had brought any charge against the late administration . He had , on the contrary , praised highly the scheme of the sinking fund , in which he cordially joined him . He had heard no 583 charge against the late administration ; but he considered it somewhat hard and unfair that his noble friend should be prevented from saving that it was the intention of government to adopt means for putting an end to frauds and perjuries , merely . lest he should be understood to bring a charge against the late ministry . The remark was certainly not improper in itself ; but how long was it since those abuses had been detected ? ten years was it ? ( no ! no ! from the other side ) . How long then ? Only five years ; very well . On the first view of the thing it might naturally enough be thought that there was no necessity for such along delay in bringing the offenders to justice , or doing something in the affair . But , however , he did not mean to say that the late government had not made exertions to put an end to the frauds and abuses to which he had adverted . Now as to the tax on Appraisements , if the frauds in the tax on auctions could by this means be prevented , it would be a great object gained . It would be proper that this should be considered , and any assistance that might be given by the hon . and learned gent . on the other side would be thankfully accepted . There were also difficulties as to the claims to the exemptions , and this point might , no doubt , require consideration . With respect to the tax on Property , he concurred with his noble friend , that it was better to raise it at once to the amount at which it was likely to hold during the war , than to advance it gradually . It might be said , and it had been said by his hon . friend near him ( Mr. Francis ) , that there was no security against its being still gradually raised . But then , he certainly thought that the present mode was preferable to advancing it 1 per cent . in one year , and 1 1/2 per cent . in another year , and so on , which would at last lead to a constant gradual advance , which might in the end annihilate all property . This he had stated on a former occasion to be his great objection to such a gradual advance . Gentlemen now , however , might be at rest upon this head . It had been said , that his noble friend had