the plan , and the last clause in the deed , that , after having examined and considered the extent and nature of many of the claims contained in the papers and documents you have from time to time transmitted to us , we are persuaded that it will not be in our power to investigate , and decide on the whole of them , with the same degree of satisfaction to all the parties concerned , as if we were legally authorized to examine persons regularly on oath . As soon , however , as we are furnished with the legal opinion , which we have requested , upon the point which forms the more immediate subject of our present communication , we shall adopt , without delay , such measures , and such mode of proceeding , as may appear to us best calculated , under the existing circumstances , for the attainment of the object of our commission . We beg the favour of yob to take the earliest opportunity of communicating his letter to the hon . chairman , and Court of directors . We have the honour to be , & . R. Ryder ; B. Hobhouse ; Th . Cockburne . `` —The hon . gent . observed , that as this was the first occasion which bad occurred of mentioning , the names of the commissioners , he took the opportunity of informing the house that his hon . friend first named ( Mr. Ryder ) had been compelled , by weak and tender health , which no man lamented more than himself , 738 to resign his situation , so that the commission had lost his important services . He did make this observation in derogation of the considerabled assistance received from his hon . friend 's successors ( Mr. Horner ) , a gent . in the profession of the commissioners , from which the extract which had been read was taken , to the three eminent Counsel whose opinion was desired , and the following was their . answer : `` After what has fallen from the high authority alluded to , and from other judges on the bench We are obliged to say , that at least so much doubt is thrown upon the legality of administering voluntary oaths that we can not say that they may be administered with safety and propriety , nor can we advise the commissioners to require them to be administered . ( Signed `` Sp . perceval ; V. Gibbs ; W . Adam. '' # x2014 ; W . Adam—The following extract of a letter from the commissioner to Mr. Ramsay , dated Aug. 15 , 1805 , would shew the impression produced upon receiving the sentiments of these learned authorities , for whose judgment they , in common , he believed . he might say , with the house , and the whole nation , felt the highest respect . Having acknowledged the receipt of the letter from the India-house , containing the opinion of the counsel , they proceeded thus : `` The result of the reference to the legal authorities , who have been consulted on that subject , of course makes it impossible for us to require any oath at all , and only serves to confirm us in the opinion we gave in the concluding part of our letter of the 27th of July . Under these circumstances , we feel it incumbent upon us , in justice to the parties , as well as to ourselves , to express that opinion , in the words of the last clause of the deed , viz . that the powers now vested in us are insufficient for the execution to the true intent and meaning of that instrument . `` —The house had now heard the circumstance which led to the application to parliament , and occasioned him to move for leave to bring in a bill . When the bill was introduced , the house would find no clause by which parliament confirmed or sanctioned the agreement of July,1805 , between the East-India co. and the creditors