and altogether insisted on , but in two instances ; the first of which , that which took place under the second government , after the commencement of the revolution in France ; and the second instance was with regard to Turkey , and upon this he had read no law but in the Arabian Nights , and other such works ( a laugh ) ; according to which it appeared , that the bashaw and the cadi must always be separate.—Adverting to the statutes which applied to this question , the right hon . gentleman quoted the acts of regency adopted on the proposition of lord chief justice Holt , in the reign of queen Anne , and that also in the early part of his present majesty 's reign . By both these acts , he stated that a council to assist the regent was appointed , and it was expressly provided that the lord chief justice of the King 's Bench should be one of the council . Now , it must be evident that in such situation the chief justice would have to perform the same functions as lord Ellenborough would be now called on to execute . It appeared , in fact , that the present Cabinet was formed merely on the model laid down for the councils of regency mentioned in those 319 celebrated acts . The last act , he observed , was supported by the vote of Blackstone , who on this night was quoted as adverse to its principle . After recapitulating and ably inforcing his Several arguments , the right hon . gent . insisted that the proposition before the house was supported neither by precedent , law , argument or expediency ; he took notice of the observation of the statement of the mover , that the motion was not brought forward as an opposition question . He assured the hon . mover and his supporters that he was not at all willing to court or provoke opposition to his measures . On the contrary , he should be glad of the support of any set of gentlemen ; but , if he were to have an opposition , he particularly wished that they might always chuse such questions as that now before the house . and spoke as follows : —Sir ; notwithstanding the triumphant tone in which the right hon . gent . has concluded his speech , and the ability which has pervaded every part of it , the objections which I have from the first felt to the measure , the propriety of which is now brought under the consideration of the house , remain undiminished . Upon a question of such constitutional importance , it is satisfactory to observe the temper and moderation with which the argument has been conducted . No subject could have a stronger claim to be discussed upon its own merits unmixed with party feelings , and it is only to be lamented that the reluctance felt by many of those who most condemn the introduction of lord Ellenborough to the Cabinet , to assume even on a single point the appearance of opposition to the new administration before it has received a fair trial , is likely to prevent the sense of parliament from being taken as fully and fairly upon this measure as the importance of it seems to require.—In stating my sentiments upon the question , I should wish to examine how far the practice of introducing a common law Judge , and more especially a Chief Justice into the Cabinet , can be justified upon the ground of direct precedent , or even of analogy drawn from their habitual introduction into other branches of the constitution.—And first , as to those parliamentary precedents which may be considered as of higher authority than the practice of any individual , however eminent or respectable : this part of the argument rests upon the three regency acts of 320 1705 , 1751 , and 1765 , in all of which the name of the Chief Justice of the King 's Bench is introduced into the council of regency .