above such considerations ; his conceptions had too much grandeur to admit of any thing of that kind . He did not think that any dangerous precedent was set by this measure . If these debts had been contracted by profusion and excess , by dissipation and vain luxuries , they might admit of a question . On the contrary , they were contracted by no lavish expenditure , no useless ostentation . The great character of Mr. Pitt 's mind was too sterling to descend to those means of prodigality ; and he even neglected what , in these times , was due to the situation he filled . He had an entire superiority to any thing of the nature of affectation . His salary was not enough to provide the indulgencies fit for his station , and the consequence was seen in the incurring of these debts . Insufficiency of salary , want of pecuniary attention , and the necessary impositions to which he was exposed , must have combined to embarrass his affairs . He therefore considered , that , in the part the house were now called upon to act , they were not indulging themselves in an improper sentiment of liberality , nor catching at any transient reputation of magnanimity , nor wasting the public money ; nor should he think that the case , even were they to make some provision for those who were most near and dear to the deceased . on a former motion respecting the late chancellor of the exchequer , felt much reluctance in opposing the vote . He felt as much satisfaction in supporting this motion . This was not paying the debt of Mr. Pitt , it was paying the debt of the public . For twenty years Mr. Pitt had been first minister of this country , and that house had supported him in the ministry : but for the same 20 years , it had allowed him too little for his maintenance ; and when he was told , that there were 40,000l . to be discharged , he was astonished the amount was so little . If he differed much from the deceased in politics , it was always without rancour . He was always just to his great qualities : now he was particularly so , and at the same time indulgent to his weaknesses . Mr. speaker , I do not very well know on what ground the hon . mover rests his claim to our assent to the motion now before the house . In one part of his speech , he seemed to me to rest upon the ground of public merits . Now , sir , if he does so , on that ground I can not assent to it , because those public merits I do not acknowlege ; and I am glad to take this opportunity of stating explicitly , that I have no share in the merit lately given to gentlemen on this side of the house . The other day , an hon . member for Yorkshire gave great commendation to us , for the candour in acknowledging , as lie said we did , the public services , the great talents , and the disinterestedness of Mr. Pitt . To that commendation I have no share . The public services of Mr. Pitt I deny , His great talents I do not admit . His public disinterestedness I do not admit , his private disinterestedness I certainly do admit . The necessity which has called for the motion now in your hand , sir , proves it : but we did not want that proof . We all know that Mr. Pitt held but one place of emolument , except those which were accompanied with great public labour ; and we all know that for many years of his administration he had but that one : and , I dare say , every gentleman recollects the manner in which that was bestowed upon him , equally honourable to the giver as to the receiver , and forming a remarkable and glaring contrast with that