could result from the proposed discussion , he would submit it to the discretion of the hon . gent . himself , whether he would precipitate his motion , before there was time for the due consideration of the papers ? declared , that nothing should deter or divert him from bringing forward 745 his charges . It was a question in Which house and the country were most deeply interested . He had no objection to a reasonable delay , if care were taken to have the papers produced . But an unreasonable delay were required , he would have additional reason to believe what he before suspected , that it was intended to throw every possible impediment in the way of the enquiry.—A return to the production of the papers was enjoined forthwith moved , that the house do agree to the resolutions of the said committee . He said he wished to state shortly to the house the grounds upon which he should propose to take off this tax : up to the year 1793 houses in Ireland having but one hearth paid an annual duty of 2s . but in that year an exemption Was granted by parliament in favour of houses of that description , provided the occupier produced a certificate to shew the value of the house . In the year . 1795 , that tax was continued without the exemption , and from that time it was renewed annually without any exemption . In the last session of parliament a duty of 3s . was laid upon all dwelling houses not having more than 4 hearths , but it was provided that this tax should not extend to houses below the annual value of 50s . He felt it to be his duty to adopt every measure in his power for the relief of the lower classes of people , provided it could be clone consistently with the public service ; and , therefore , he was induced to propose the repeal of this tax because it was one which pressed upon them severely . It was true that there was , as he had already stated , an exemption in favour of houses below a certain value , but this exemption was the cause of perpetual disputes between the occupier of the house and the hearth-money collector , because it made the latter to certain degree the judge of the value of the house . It was true that the occupier was not bound to submit to the value which the collector might fix upon his house , but then it was necessary that he should apply to his landlord , or to the person who collected his rents , and then he had to go before a magistrate to obtain the proper certificates ; so that in fact his loss of time and labour was more than equal to the 746 amount of the tax . It was upon this ground that he should move for the repeal of a tax oppressive in its nature , and not very productive in its amount . said , he felt himself called upon to say a few words upon this subject . He had been under this subject . He had been under the necessity of proposing this tax last year , in order to raise the necessary supplies , but he was ready to admit that there was no tax which ought sooner to be taken off than this one , provided it could be done with propriety . When , however , he looked at the situation of Ireland , and of the finances of that country , he could not be an advocate for taking it off by this short cut as it was true that the annual produce of the revenue of Ireland was not equal to the expenditure , he did not think it prudent to repeal it without due examination ; but he begged to repeat again , that if it could be done with proriety he should be most sincerely glad of it . Before the house consented to repeal it , they ought to consider