should be fully and amply discussed . In the result of that discussion he had the utmost confidence ; and he would repeat what he had Said on a former evening , with reference to that subject and the conduct of his colleagues and himself , that there was no measure which he could now wish had been taken , that had been omitted , nor any measure adopted , which he would now wish to retract.—The noble lord concluded by inttmating his majesty 's commands to present certain papers ; which , on his lordship 's motion , were ordered to lie on the table . They consisted of extracts and dispatches from lord G. L. Gower and sir Arthur Paget to lord Mulgrave , the declaration of Austria , and some other papers , which will be found in the Appendix . presented a petition from the insolvent debtors confined in the county gaol of York. , Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Johnson , from the chief secretary 's office , in Ireland , presented the report of the commissioners appointed to examine the expenditure of the paving board , of the city of Dublin . Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . W. Dickinson presented the first report of the commissioners appointed by his majesty to revise and digest the civil affairs of the navy . Ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed.—Mr . Dickinson presented an estimate of the debt of his majesty 's navy as it stood on the 31st of December 1805 ; and also , an estimate of the money that will be wanted for the transport service ; for the establishments and hospitals relating to his majesty 's sick and wounded seamen at home and 147 abroad , and for the maintenance of prisoners of war in health and sickness at home and abroad , in the year 1806 . The house having resolved itself into a committee on the bill for continuing the duties on land , malt , sugar , snuff , and tobacco ; wished to know , whether this bill contained a clause of appeal from the summary jurisdiction of magistrates , in matters of penalty , to the courts of quarter session ? In the malting counties , he observed , the persons dealing in that article , were under severe hardships , in consequence of their barley being often sweated by drippings and oozings of snow and rain , and also by other accidents , which were frequently taken or pretended by the exciseman to be taken , for illegal wetting ; and this belief , sworn before the magistrates , subjected them to the heavy penalty of 200l . for each offence . If a clause of appeal , therefore , had hitherto been omitted , under these circumstances , it was necessary that the defect should be supplied . replied , that this bill was exactly in the same words as the bill of last year ; but he was not aware , at present , of any objection to such a clause as that proposed ; and he added , that , should it not , upon consideration , prove objectionable , a clause to that effect would be prepared by to-morrow . supported the objections made by the hon . gent . ; observing , that the maltster was completely under the lash of the exciseman , who had the penalty inflicted by the magistrate , if he only swore that be believed the malt to have been wetted . observed , that in all justice there ought to be an appeal to the quarter sessions . The hardships sustained in the malt counties were intolerably severe ; and people hying at a great distance were often under the necessity of paying the penalty , sooner than be at the trouble and expense of coming up to London to seek for redress . He loudly complained of sending visitors to inspect the malt , who had an interest in inflicting penalties ; and thought the excise board ought to employ proper officers for that purpose .