discuss the points adverted to by the right hon . gent . There was one part of the right hon . gent . 's speech which appeared to him rather singular : he seemed to wish to diminish the quantity of Irish Bank Notes in circulation , and yet he wanted to increase the accommodation given by the Bank . He did not know how the Bank could increase its accommodation , except by increasing its issue of Notes ; and it appeared to him that it made no difference whether the Bank advanced money upon treasury bills , or whether it advanced money to the public upon bills , bonds , or other securities . He had no difficulty in saying , that as long as the restriction respecting specie subsisted , something must be substituted in the room of it ; and he did not know what substitute could be resorted to except Bank of England and Bank Of Ireland Notes . With respect to the question which the right hon . gent . had asked respecting the sending silver currency into Ireland , he had no objection whatever to answer that question . Government had continued sending over silver to Ireland as long as the price of silver permitted it . Silver currency , to the amount of about 400,000l. , had been sent over , and was discontinued when the price silver rose to 5s.7d . per oz . It was only 5s . 1½d . when they first began to send over the silver . The sum which he believed it was originally intended to send to Ireland was 500,000l . ; the sum actually sent was about 420,000l . ; and he had no doubt that 750 if the price of silver would permit it , ministers would make it up to 500,000l . said , he thought the silver should be sent over , even though government lost by it . With respect to the composition , the resolution stated that it was to be made with the Lords of the Treasury . was of opinion that the composition must necessarily be made with the Lords of the Treasury , otherwise it would be necessary to apply to Parliament every year , or else to fix it once for all without any regard to time or circumstances . Giving the Treasury a power to make this composition with the Bank , would not create an improper connexion between them , or give the former any undue influence over the latter ; and it was worthy of notice , that in the year when the composition was suspended , the Bank did advance a very considerable loan to the public on Treasury Bills.—The resolution was then agreed to , and a bill ordered to be brought in thereon . Lord Duncan took the oaths and his seat.—The Irish Militia Service bill was read a third time and passed.—The Irish Treasury Bills bill , and the British Fisheries Encouragement bill , were read a 2d time.—Mr . Hawthorn brought up the 20 million Loan bill , which was read a first time . General Tarleton presented a Petition from certain Inhabitants of Liverpool trading to Africa , against the bill brought in for prohibiting the Importation of Negroes , in British ships , into the Colonies of Foreign States not at war with this country ; and also into such islands as have been captured by this country during the war.—Mr . Jervis brought in a bill for rendering more speedy the trial of persons accused of offences committed in distant parts , on the high seas ; which was read a first time.—Mr . Perceval brought in a bill for making more effectual provision for the maintenance of Stipendiary Curates , and for their Residence on their Cures ; which was read a first time.—Mr . Huddlestone rose to acquaint the house , that he thought the production of certain India papers , for which he had in- 751 tended to move , no longer necessary , as they were merely extracts from what had been already communicated in another place . He therefore