to another . The law at present was extremely doubtful : for on two eminent lawyers being consulted on this point , in a case that occurred at the last general election , one of them declared , that he was convinced the law was one way , but he was of opinion , that the committee would decide the other way.—The house then divided on the question , whether the bill should be recommitted . Ayes 24 ; Noes 14 . The bill was then re-committed and reported , and the report was ordered to be further considered on Friday . Their lordships met again this day , at ten o'clock ; and after reading a part of the bills upon the table , they were marshalled in the same order and manner as yesterday , and repaired to the high court of parliament , in Westminster-hall . At four o'clock their lordships returned to the house , in which they remained for some time in close discussion ; the order for the exclusion of strangers being strictly enforced . The bills upon the table were forwarded , and 958 their lordships ordered , that a message be sent to the commons , acquainting that house that they had agreed to the amendments made in the Witnesses ' Liability bill ; and also , that they would proceed further with the trial of lord viscount Melville , at ten o'clock to morrow . On the order for the second reading of this bill , strongly objected to it , chiefly in point of principle , as alienating , in the way proposed , a portion of ecclesiastical property ; and as tending to set a precedent of the most dangerous nature in that respect . defended the bill , chiefly on the ground of its particular merits , and the circumstances under which it proceeded . In this view , the reverend prelate was led into a detailed consideration of the measure . He as little wished to see numerous bills of the kind , as the noble duke possibly could ; but it did not follow , that cases might not arise in which such a legislative measure might be proper . He strongly recommended the bill going to a committee , in which the adequacy of its provisions might be fairly considered ; and where it would be seen , that a full and honest equivalent for the transfer of the Property , was proposed , and that the lessee had dealt even liberally on the occasion . as being decidedly hostile to the principle of the bill , was rather averse from considering the propriety of such a measure under the particular circumstances of the case . The precedents which had been adduced , instead of favouring , went , he thought , in condemnation of the measure . The noble and learned lord then went into a detailed view Of some of the provisions of the bill ; the effect of several of which he seemed to disapprove . concurred with the noble duke and the learned lord , that the principle on which the bill was founded , as a general one , was strongly to be reprobated . However , when he considered the peculiar circumstances which gave rise to the present bill , he had no appehension of many applications being made to parliament , for measures of the kind ; the rev . prelate then entered into rather a detailed statement of the attendant circumstances . His lordship defended the bill under the peculiar circumstances , and urged the propriety of its going to a committee , where it might be modified so as to do away many objections . He thought the measure itself would be productive of much 959 benefit , and he had no fears as to its operation in the way of a precedent . felt his objections to the principle of the bill so strongly , that nothing which a committee could do , could reconcile him to it . In a more enlarged view of the possible effects of such a principle , he was