nearly the same as that which we insert in this day 's proceedings of the house of commons ; see page 15. rose to second the address , and spoke nearly as follows : —My lords , the address to which your lordships are now called on to give your assent , and which I hope will meet with your unanimous concurrence , does not pledge the house to any specific line of proceeding ; and therefore , I trust , none of your lordships will object to it . Most of the topics alluded to in his majesty 's speech are such as must meet your concurrence . The glorious victory of Trafalgar is an event of such magnitude and importance , that it is hardly possible for the imagination to conceive any other more transcendent : it is superior to almost every other naval action , for which our history is so famous . The unparalleled valour displayed by all the individuals engaged in that action , and the unexampled ability and skill with which it was conducted , has been a subject of admiration to this country and the whole world . Never was so great an enemy so completely destroyed . The naval skill and the valour displayed on that glorious occasion was never equalled , and will never be surpassed . Every man who recollects the signal given by the hero who achieved the successes , `` England `` expects that every man will do his duty , '' must be struck with a still higher degree of admiration of his character . We never can speak or think with sufficient admiration of this great victory , nor sufficiently 7 lament the fate of him whose great mind planned the attack that was crowned with such brilliant success . I have thus far expressed my feelings on this subject , because I wish to direct your attention to the importance of that part of his majesty 's speech , which recommends a munificent recompence to the representatives of tho deceased hero , to whom every individual in the country , from the highest to the lowest , is so greatly indebted for his security . Your lordships , I trust , will have no objections to concur in the expressions of condolence on the death of a most illustrious and amiable prince , who was nearly allied , and so dear to his majesty ; I mean the late duke of Gloucester . With respect to that part of the address which relates to the share which the government had in the late events on the continent , the present is not the proper time to discuss it ; and when that discussion comes on , I hope the conduct of his majesty 's government will appear perfectly justified . I also am confident we may grant further powers to government , with a complete reliance that they will faithfully execute the trust reposed in them . Notwithstanding the unfortunate turn which affairs have taken on the continent , we can not but applaud the enlightened policy of the emperor of Russia in the line of conduct lie has pursued , and entertain the most sanguine hopes of deriving benefit from his co-operation and friendship hereafter . That illustrious prince was determined not to make an ignominious peace . The interests of Russia and this country have always been , and will ever continue to be the same . And from this community of interests , and their mutual friendship , the happiest consequences may be expected . Your lordships , I am confident , must all feel the necessity of prosecuting the war with vigour , as the only means by which we can ever expect to possess security or peace . You must feel the magnitude of the stake we are contending for . But you must all feel besides how great are the resources , the power , wealth , and commerce of this country . Never was its commerce in a more flourishing state . And , what is still greater than all , our spirit is unsubdued , our valour