might be necessary for the house of lords to deliberate , all that would be required , if the trial proceeded in their own house , would be , for the managers , to retire till the question was discussed . But , if tine trial proceeded in Westminster-hall , the lords would be obliged , on every such occasion , to retire to their own house , and if they continued debating till near the usual hour of adjournment , there would be little chance of their returning to the hall that day . In this way it was a fact , that not less than two or three days of delay would take place in the one case for one in the other . He trusted he did not ask too much of the house in hoping , that in pursuit of justice they would not be guilty of oppression ; that they would not adopt a mode of trial which would be vexatious . in point of time , and ruinous in point of expence . He thought the case of Mr. Hastings would have been sufficient to warn the house against the adoption of a proposition like the present . He had no doubt the managers would conduct the case . with all the 542 expedition in their power ; but it would not be in their power , or in that of the accused , to do so in Westminster-hall . The hon . gent . himself ( Mr. Whitbread ) unquestionably , in his opening speech against lord Melville , alluded to an impeachment to be , tried in the house of lords , and his referring to the case of lord Macclesfield was a sufficient proof of this . He trusted the hon . gent . would not now depart from that idea , and revert to the other more severe , inconvenient , and oppressive mode . The case of lord Macclesfield , on which the hon . gent . himself had dwelt , was tried at the bar of the house of lords . It occupied only 21 days ; and the case of Mr , Hastings , which was tried in Westminster-hall , lasted for eight sessions . Though the accused had here preferred impeachment to criminal prosecution , he hoped the hon . gent . would not now turn round on him and deny to him the mode of trial which he himself had once pointed at , and insist on one much more oppressive in its nature and effect . The matter might occur to him more forcibly than to other members of the house , but he hoped the house would excuse him in stating it . The hon . gent . was in possession of ample documents to convince him that the private fortune of the individual here accused was not adequate to the support of an expensive trial ; and when equal justice , and before the same tribunal , might be procured at a smaller-expence , he submitted that it could never be the wish of the house , or of the hon . gent. , to purchase it at a greater expence to the party accused . The hon . member declared that he should not press the matter to a division , if the sense of the house seemed to be against him , as the matter might strike him differently from what it might occur to others . He concluded by cautioning the house , in their search after substantial justice , not to go into the extreme of substantial injustice . said , that when the house had at last come to the resolution of impeachment , he had trusted , that no farther question on the subject would have been introduced . He was far from wishing to say any thing that might hurt the feelings of lord Melville ; and he could not help bearing his testimony to the strict propriety with which the hon . gent . who opposed the motion had conducted himself , during the whole course of the discussion ; but he was confident