; and , if this was the case , was it not better to wait till the whole matter was before the house , than to sound a trumpet in every stage of the business ? This certainly would not be his conduct , nor could it be the wish of any one who was anxious only that substantial justice should be done . said , he did not undertake this cause with a view to popularity , but merely from a sense of duty . It was his intention to follow the precedents he had before him with respect to Mr. Hastings . He meant , on Tuesday , to produce his charge , and move to lay it on the table ; and , that a future day should be then fixed , to take it into consideration . Mr. Burke had laid his first charge against Mr. Hastings on the table , on the 5th of April , and it was not taken into consideration till the 8th of June . The hon . gent . expressed his thanks to the right hon . secretary , for the candid and liberal manner in which he had conducted himself . desired to know , whether it was the intention of the hon gent . to move for any documents to support his charge , when it should be laid on the table ? replied , that if the house should agree to his motion for laying the charge on the table , he should move to have it taken into consideration on a future day . He proposed to move for documents in support of it , and evidence to be taken at the bar , but not till the house should first decide whether they contained impeachable matter . On Friday , he proposed to bring forward his two next charges relative to disobedience of orders , and the assumption of rights contrary to law , which he should follow up by moving , that they be taken into consideration on a subsequent day . observed , that in the general the opinion of the court of directors prevailed . He thought that the system of checks was the best system for India affairs . The board of controul was a check on the court of directors , and they on the other hand were a check on tine board of controul . When differences on grave subjects prevailed , it was material that the opinions of all the parties should be brought under consideration . If the house entertained the question , it should sift it to the bottom , with a view to obtain substantial justice to all the parties . said , it appeared clearly that the opinions of the directors were totally overruled by the board of controul , and the treaties with the Vizier , with Oude , and the Nizam , were convincing proofs of it . His sentiments , with regard to the affairs of India , were still the same as they had ever been ; but instead of pressing questions regarding impeachments , he thought the house would do better to adopt resolutions , which might in future 805 prevent transactions , such as had passed within the last 3 years . having understood , that he had had the misfortune of falling under the censure of his hon . friend ( Mr. Francis , see p. 800 ) , on a former day for a temporary absence , and having heard the same censure repeated against a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) this day , rose to state , for the consolation of his hon . friend and the house , that his absence had in part been occasioned , in the former instance , by his waiting on that hon . friend , to ascertain the part he meant to take on the occasion , and that his right hon . friend remained of his former opinion , and would attend in his place whenever the subject should be brought forward.—The several motions were then agreed to . On the motion for