which certainly should have had the effect of rendering them a little more generous to those through whose means they had obtained them . This accommodation did not cost the bank one farthing beyond the paper on which the notes were printed . He did not object to the resolution , but he rose merely to state that the bank had driven a hard bargain , and made an ungrateful return to the country for the privileges that had been granted to them . thought that the sacrifice of 60,000l . a year was a proof of very great liberality.—He did not pretend to deny that the bank had derived considerable advantages from their charter ; advantages , indeed , much more considerable than were contemplated in the first instance ; but certainly , comparing what the charter prescribed with what the bank had voluntarily offered , the offer must be deemed a liberal one.—The following resolutions were then put and agreed to , viz . 1 . `` That 3 millions be granted to his majesty , for paying off and discharging the exchequer bills made out by virtue of an act of the 39th and 40th of his present majesty , intituled , 'An act for establishing an agreement with . the governor and company of the bank of England , for advancing the sum of 3 millions towards the supply for the service of the year 1800 , ' outstanding and unprovided for.—2 . That 30,000l . be granted to 539 discharge bills drawn , and to be drawn , from New South Wales , which may become due in the course of the year 1806.—3 . That 8,250l . be granted for defraying Lord Henri , Petty observed , that as none the charge of the civil establishment of the province of Upper Canada , in America.—4 . That 7,165l . be granted for defraying the charge of the Civil Establishment of Province of Nova Scotia.—5 . That 4,650l . be granted for defraying the charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick , in America.—6 . That 3,100l . be granted for defraying the charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John , in America , now called Prince Edward Island.—7 . That 2,040l . be granted gradual for defraying the charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton , in America.—8 . That 2,565l . be granted for defraying the charge of the Civil Establishment of the island of Newfoundland , in America.—9 . That 4,400l . be granted for defraying the charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands , in America , in addition to the salaries now paid to the public offices out of the duty fund , and other incidental charges attending the same.—10 . That 1,030l . be granted for defraying the charge of the Civil Establishment of the Bermudas or Somers Islands.—11 . That 600l . be granted for defraying the charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Dominica.—12 . That 12,819l . 9s . 4½d . be granted for defraying the charge of the Civil Establishment of New South Wales ; all the above from the 1st of Jan. to the 31st day of Dec. 1806.–13 . That 1,420l . be granted towards defraying the charge of the superintendence of Aliens , according to the provisions of an act passed in the 43d year of his present majesty , for the year 1806 . '' it was impossible that the laurels which our moved the 3d reading of the bill for regulating the trade of the Cape of Good Hope . supported the motion , making a number of observations , tending to shew his sense of the importance of that settlement , and the expediency of retaining it in our possession in the event of a peace . Lord Garlies took the opportunity of asking the gentlemen opposite , whether or not it was intended to take any parliamentary notice of the brilliant achievement of those gallant men by whose zeal and exertions that important possession had been reduced . A considerable part of