, except from the statement of the noble lord . He concluded by expressing his approbation of the manner in which the budget had upon the whole been proposed . admitted that it would , no doubt , be extremely improper to bring forward the Ways and Means , unless those who brought it forward had some idea of what the expence of the military department was likely to be . He by means agreed with the hon . gent . who had just sat down , that the surplus of the consolidated fund was under-rated , and denied the criteria upon which the hon . gent 's estimate was founded ; but yet he would , of course , be happy if the result should appear to justify the hon . gent . 's calculations . The right hon . gent . took occasion , in alluding to the war taxes , to state that the country was indebted to his noble friend ( lord Sidmouth ) for the origination of that system , from which such salutary efforts were found to spring , and the principle of which now met the universal concurrence of parliament , and the country . alledged , that so far from overlooking the frauds committed in the West Indies , the late board of treasury issued several orders for the prosecution of all persons concerned in such frauds , and absolutely referred the case to the comptrollers of the navy , with directions to suggest proper measures to guard against their recurrence . He had also to state , that immediately after the report of the commission on the subject of these frauds , the report was referred , with a similar view of prevention for the future , to the commissioners for auditing public accounts . 586 So that nothing was left undone by the late board of treasury , to punish the agents , and to prevent the recurrence of the evil complained of . thought it his duty to state , that he knew of his own knowledge , that steps were taken by the late ministry to prevent the recurrence of the frauds committed in the West Indies . These frauds consisted of extravagant premiums on exchange , and false vouchers ; and such abuses did , he knew , still continue to exist . could not well conceive how the noble lord should undertake to speak so confidently as to the proceedings of the board of treasury . But if those who had the opportunity would look more attentively into the records of that board , it would be seen that no means were neglected , that promised to put a stop to the frauds alluded to . The fact was , that in consequence of an order from the late board of treasury , a person was now under prosecution in the court of exchequer , for permitting the continuance of the abuse which gave room for these frauds , although the character of this individual for integrity was by no means implicated . But , independently of the orders for prosecution , arrangements were made in the West Indies with respect to the drawing of bills upon England , which were particularly calculated to guard against every fraud upon the subject of exchange . said , that had the noble lord taken the trouble to examine the records contained in his office , he would have found that steps had been taken for correcting the evil in question . said , that whatever steps might have been formerly taken for the removal of the evil , yet new culprits might arise , whose cases might require the application of additional remedies . complained , that after the abuses had been known to exist for five years , no general plan had been devised for preventing their recurrence , and that matters had remained in precisely the same state , as when they were first discovered . begged to know , how the sum of 90,000l . payable as interest on the loan from the bank , was to be provided for ? answered , by exchequer