confessed , that he liked the old practice better , which was to attend to all subjects of grievance ; and he was convinced that the custom of giving notice on such Occasions was not founded on the principles of the rights of parliament . thought a notice to be unnecessary , at least if no objection were stated to the motion . explained , that he wished some general rule to be at once adopted , in this respect , to regulate the proceedings of the house . It was in the power of any gentleman , who felt any difficulty or objection to his proposition , to move an adjournment of the debate , which he should not object to , if any sufficient reason were given for it . was of opinion , that this question should at once be decided , one way or other . The right hon . secretary ( Mr. Fox ) appeared to him rather to incline to a notice being given in the present instance , conformably to practice . What he wished to suggest was , that it should be made a part of the law of parliament , for every member to desist from pressing a motion without notice , if it should be objected to ; for if no precise rule were suffered to obtain , there might be no end to such desultory debates . The motion was then put and carried . rose to submit his promised motion , for a return of the effective volunteer force , to which as no opposition had been manifested when he gave his notice , he trusted none would now be made . There was no subject on which it behoved the house and the country to be more completely informed than the present . They had been buoyed up with the most magnificent descriptions of the state of the voluntary defence , and it was now highly expedient to ascertain the actual fact . At such a crisis as the present , this was particularly indispensible . It was of the utmost importance , previous to the sums being voted for the clothing and expences of a considerable portion of the volunteer establishment , that the house should know what number of men were likely to take the field in case of emergency . He was sure that his hon . friends , who were near him , would give this subject all the attention that its great importance de- 232 manded . Were it not for this conviction , he should consider it his duty himself to found a motion on the papers , for which he should on that evening move . As it was , however , he should leave it with perfect confidence in their hands . One additional remark he would make , which was , that not only the number of effective men should be clearly ascertained ; but that the rank of the officers should likewise be considered and arranged . He was himself in the command of a volunteer corps , and he was solicitous that neither he , nor any other officer in a similar situation , should be circumstanced in that particular in the way in which he now was . He would say no more on the subject at present , but rest satisfied with moving , `` that there be laid before the house , an account of the returns of the different volunteer corps of cavalry , infantry , and artillery , in that part of the united kingdom , called Great Britain ; describing the effective strength of each corps , together with their state of discipline , and fitness for service , as reported by the general officers and inspecting field officers of the different districts throughout the kingdom , in their last returns ; and also the names of the officers by whom such returns have been signed . '' was very happy to give his support to the motion . The volunteers and the public at large were anxious to know , whether or not any new measure of defence was