1000 men extraordinary would be produced in 12 months , by enlistment for limited periods . observed , that the questions put to those military officers , and which produced those opinions , were not propounded by his majesty 's present ministers , as insinuated by the hon . gent . ; they had been put by the commander in chief during the continuance of the last administration , and the balance of opinion reflected great honour on that illustrious personage , as it shewed that he was desirous of obtaining fair and impartial information on the subject . said , he remembered some of those questions had been put during the administration of his right hon . friend ; but he did not recollect that the answers communicated to them were given in such a way , generally at least , as to imply any thing secret . Two or three of them might , he said , have been marked on the covers confidential ; '' and though he was ready to admit that great delicacy ought to be observed with respect to secret and confidential communications , if its should appear , upon a view of the contents of such communications , that they were of that nature , yet there was no other consideration in the present case which could justify the refusal of their production . Some few of those letters might have been written in a manner which shewed the writers never apprehended they would be made public : but the rest were written in a regular official form , as if intended to meet any purpose to which government should think it necessary to apply them . He should therefore advise , that those letters of a contrary description should be sent back to the officers who wrote them , in order for such correction as they might deem necessary , with a view to prepare them as documents for the public eye , if circumstances should render it necessary ; and he also thought it would not be advisable to lay any of those letters before the house , contrary to the wishes of the officers 785 Who wrote them . But he thought , however , it was necessary that their opinions should be laid before parliament , as well with a view to the satisfaction of the house , as for the vindication of his majesty 's late ministers , by shewing than they had omitted no consideration , nor neglected any part of their duty , with respect to the great purpose of national defence . If they had not consulted a variety of authorities , and seen the various views in which the subject was considered by men of talents and experience , they could not have been enabled to form decisive judgment upon a topic so extensive and complicated . But from what he had been able to observe , on a comparison of those different opinions upon the two distinct branches of service , local and general , he should deduce the preponderance of opinion quite different from what it had been stated by the right hon . gentleman . The noble lord considered the measure of enlistment proposed , as one of the most delicate and important that ever that house was called upon to decide ; and he conjured the house to proceed with the utmost caution , in the novel situation in which his majesty 's ministers now attempted to place it , by calling upon it to depart from the long-established principles upon which our army was constituted , and to dictate to , and restrict the crown , in the exercise of that prerogative , which constitutionally belonged to it , in the mode and management of recruiting the regular army . said , he felt a right to regard with some surprise the declaration of the noble lord , that he could see no objection to the production of the papers now moved for , when during 3 years past that this subject had so frequently been a topic of discussion , he had never thought the production of them