order for the 2d reading of the bill for the repeal of the additional force act be deferred till Monday , had not in his recollection that on Tuesday a business was to come on of as great parliamentary importance as any the executive government could have to be sanctioned by the house , he meant the impeachment of lord Melville , which the house had determined to attend in a body . If 908 the house were to sit in protracted discussion to a late hour on Monday night , it was impossible there could be that full attendance on Tuesday that the dignity of the house , the importance of the occasion , and the respect due to the Speaker required . After Tuesday , the first day of the impeachment , the same full attendance on that business would not be so necessary . He would , therefore , propose Wednesday or Thursday for the 2d reading of the bill . did not object to the motion ; but he hoped the day now to be fixed for the second reading of the bill alluded to , would be adhered to definitively . Without entering into the reasons which were given for deferring the proceeding beyond Monday , every one must allow that this business was also of the most important nature . Various reports and considerations had gone abroad on the subject , embracing the whole military system , which it was extremely important to settle and set at rest as soon as possible . acknowledged the importance of the bill ; but the force of the grounds for putting it off must be felt by every one—the indisposition of his right hon . friend who originated the bill in the first instance , and the magnitude of the business to come on on Tuesday in the present . He agreed to fix the 2d reading for Wednesday . [ INCREASED PAY OF THE NAVY . ] The house having resolved itself into a committee of supply , to which were referred the navy estimates , presented yesterday , respecting the allowance of additional pay to the officers and seamen of the navy , rose and spoke as follows ; —I rise , sir , pursuant to notice , to submit to the house a proposition , upon which I am persuaded there can be but one opinion in this house . It must be equally the wish of every Englishman to contribute to the adequate provision and comfort of a class of men who stand so high in universal estimation , as the British navy , and who have claims so peculiarly strong upon the esteem and gratitude of their country . It must , I say , be our wish not only to promote the comforts , but to secure the necessary rewards to that gallant body . Feeling this , I can not suffer myself to entertain a doubt of unanimous support . But , although I am confident that the principle and justice of the measure I am about to submit will meet the most cordial and liberal concurrence in all quarters , still , lest 909 any exception should be taken as to the expediency of proposing it at the present moment , I think it necessary to State reasons which have induced me to bring it under your consideration . This statement I feel it right to make , in order that it may not be supposed that I have acted rashly or unadvisedly , or that I have undertaken , without adequate motive or due consideration , to propose any addition to the public burthens . I trust it will appear to every thinking man , that this addition , although considerable , is called for by the most pressing claims of justice and necessity , and that the country cheerfully yields to those calls , from a well deserved attention to the quarters from whence they proceed . An addition to the pay of a certain class of our navy , has long as been thought necessary , and that necessity has been frequently urged in vain .