not to be paid ; for the act only allows them to be paid out of the profits arising from the sale of investments so purchased . However , be this as it may , the other appropriations of the said proceeds of the sale of investments have never been complied with , at least as far as the public is concerned . Except in one instance only , no payment has been made to the exchequer ; and , as I contend this act must be considered as an actual agreement , and this payment as a remuneration to the public for the advantages they had foregone , I must think , that the charter has been forfeited altogether . It is true , indeed , that , in a subsequent clause , the act admits the possibility of such payment not being made , but it provides a regular manner , 202 by which it shall be dispensed with , and the parliament made acquainted with it.—Has this mode ever been adopted ? Has parliament ever been informed ? No , sir ; the act here again , has been over and over again broken and violated.—The motions now before the house , are calculated to ascertain and to inform us of the extent of such violations of the act.—I think it is highly desirable they should be known , and therefore I shall certainly support them . said , he had not wished to confine the enquiry to the two last years ; on the contrary , he had stated that he was ready to prove , that the finances of the India company were in a flourishing state at the time he brought forward the last budget . since I have had the honour of a seat in this house , I have heard many extraordinary propositions stated and argued on , as if they could not be disputed ; hut , in my whole parliamentary life , none more extraordinary than some , which have escaped the noble lord this night . I shall state them briefly as they occur to me , and while they are fresh in my memory ; observing only , that we are not talking now of the political government of India , or of the wars in that country , or of any question or subject in which the policy of England in regard to the territorial possessions is concerned . The noble lord asserts that the superintendance of the board of controul has in fact been confined , as the law directs , to the civil and military government and revenues of India . As to the commercial interests and concerns of the company , and their exclusive right to conduct their trade , and to instruct their presidencies concerning the provision of their investment and on every subject connected with this part of their charter , on all these points the noble lord affirms that the court of directors has been left to their own unbiased discretion ; the board of controul had never interfered with them ; much less had it ever thrown any impediment or embarrassment in their way . Is this the fact ? If it be , I call on the directors to confirm it ; if not , to tell us the real state of the case . Have the commissioners never interfered with their trade , or with their lawful discretion over their own proper concerns ? I think I remember some strong instances of the contrary . What part did the commissioners take in the great question between the 203 company and the private traders ? Was it a political or a commercial question , when their secretary ( Mr. Broderick ) informed the directors `` that it would be unnecessary to send out any paragraphs , the tendency of which might be to occasion uneasiness in the mind of the governor-general ? `` * I am sure that various other facts of the same kind might be produced , though I can not immediately recollect them . The second proposition asserted was , that the exportation of bullion to