Such document . he had , at that moment in his pocket , and such were taken from that official letter . This he said in vindication of the hon . gent . Up regretted the situation in which they were placed . He said so , both in justice to the hon . gent . and to himself . If he could withdraw his motion , he thought it would carry a stronger censure against the noble marquis , than any thing that could follow under his charge would import . Impeachment was a step much stronger than any thing which he was prepared to think the conduct of the marquis Wellesley , improper as he esteemed it , could warrant him in adopting . agreed with the hon . director ( Mr. Thornton ) , that the hon . mover had displayed considerable manliness in the perseverance he had shewn in this business , and he hoped that the same manliness would induce him to retract his accusations when he should perceive them to be ill founded . It appeared to him an extraordinary course , that the house should be first called upon to adopt the charge , and then to vote for the papers upon which that charge should be founded . From this embarrassment he felt relieved by the motion which had been made by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) . As to this paper which was called a charge , he thought it was paying too high a compliment to it to entertain it at all . Although it was competent to every member , to bring a charge of this nature against whom he might think proper , yet , there was something in the manner of bringing forward the present charge , which appeared to him neither fair nor 863 candid . In the first place , no notice was given of it to the noble person who Was the object of it , and who felt much more for his character , than his life ; nor was any previous notice given to his friends or near relations in that house . He was convinced however , that the hon . gent . himself could not be more anxious than they were , that since the charge was made , the subject should be fully and fairly investigated ; he was convinced , that the character of the noble marquis could well stand the test of examination : he , therefore , instead of avoiding the discussion of the general question , wished that the time might come when the character and conduct of lord Wellesley should be fully before the house . though he did not rise to object to the motion before the house , could not help saving a few words upon the manner in which the noble marquis , who was the object of the charge , had been frequently held up as a public delinquent . The house would recollect how often that noble marquis had been thanked by the house and the court of directors , for those measures , many of which were now brought forward as matters of charge . The hon . gent . had not laid any ground for his charge , much less had he produced any evidence to support it . The service , in which he had himself been employed , enabled him to speak to some of the facts contained in the charge . He could say , therefore , that there was no foundation for several of them . Some of the facts were misrepresented , and otherwise wholly destitute of any foundation . The hon . director had said , that he had in his pocket a paper which would prove many of them . If so , why did he not move for the production of that paper ? If the hon . gent . had really any such paper in his pocket ; and could produce it , he was ready to meet it . The hon . director had stated , that the letter which had been moved