deserve such honourable distinction . But when I compare the situation of this country , when first the direction of its affairs was entrusted to his hands , on the commencement of his political life , with that in which it was left at the moment of his death ; when I compare the situation in which Europe stood then , and that in which she stands now , in respect to France , at least , I find nothing to warrant this house in bestowing such distinction such approbation upon the system , pursued by that minister . If I look to the most brilliant periods of British history , and compare them with the present , I find the successors of those illustrious persons to whom the country first owed her freedom , and boasted as her proudest connections , hurled from political existence ; the prince of Orange , to whose great predecessor in 1688 , this country was indebted for the successes of her glorious revolution , driven from Holland ; and the illustrious house of Brunswick expelled from Hanover . In this comparison , therefore , I see no cause to rejoice . If the motion were merely to give credit to that right hon . minister for an earliest wish to serve his country , I am ready to agree , that such was his motive of action ; and that his errors were not those of intention but of judgment : but I can not conceive that measures are entitled to public acknowledgment , and honourable reward , unless it is shewn that they have been successful . But even to men , whose measures have been of the highest importance and advantage to this country , public honours of this kind have not been deemed necessary . What man , I ask , has rendered more important services to this country , or more raised her glory in the eye of nations , than my lord Somers ? and yet no public monuments have been voted to his memory . What man , I ask , has borne a higher moral character , or rendered more disinterested and important services 57 to your country than archbishop Tillotson , at the head of your church , a man so disinterested in the public service , and so pure in every thing which related to his personal interests and all pecuniary transactions , that he died destitute of the means of defraying the expences of his own funeral ? and yet his country voted him no burial or monument . To whom was the country more highly indebted for her prosperity , and her finance , than to Mr. Pelham , who reduced the interest of money from four to three per cent. ? and yet his country voted to him no public funeral . The same may be said of my lord Godolphin , to whom the country owed the highest gratitude , and yet no public funeral or monument was voted to his memory ; and therefore , so far as general precedents go , great talents and public virtues in a statesman have not been usually considered as entitled to such Marks of public distinction as are now proposed . The only instance was , in the case of the illustrious lord Chatham , the great ancestor of the right hon . gent . now alluded to . He certainly rendered his country the most signal services . I do not wish to draw invidious distinctions , or to question the purity of the hon . member 's motives , but I wish him to compare the situation of this country at the conclusion of the peace of 1763 , with its situation at the conclusion of the peace of Amiens , or any other peace it shall hereafter conclude with France ; and I ask him , whether the comparison will warrant this house in adopting the precedent ? In fact , I can not conceive where lies the claim of such distinction to talents , where they have not been successful ; nor has it ever been usual to