of the country , than in providing for its defence . The house then divided on the question whether the bill should now be read a third time . Ayes 35 . Noes 13 . The bill was then read a third time and passed . The house met at 10 o'clock , and proceeded about 11 to Westminster-hall , to attend the trial of lord Melville . Their lordships returned about 4 o'clock when an order was made to proceed again on the trial the next day , and a message sent to the Commons to acquaint them therewith . —The Wine Ditty bill and the Appraisement Duty bill were read a third time and passed . Lord St. Vincent 's Annuity bill , the Longitude bill , and the London Docks bill , were read a second time . The Admiralty Jurisdiction bill was also read a second time.—Lord Holland presented petitions from the prisoners confined for debt in the county gaols of Chester , Gloucester , Worcester , and Surrey ; and also a petition from a person confined in the four-courts marshalsea , Dublin , praying for relief ; all of which were ordered to lie on the table.—The Attorney General brought up the Slave importion bill from the Commons , which was read a 1st time.—The Duke of Clarence professed himself decidedly hostile to the bill , and declared that he should give it his most strenuons opposition . A message from the lords informed the house that their lordships had agreed to the Appraisement Duty bill , and the Wine Duty bill , without any amendment . Also , that their lordships would proceed further with the trial of lord Melville to-morrow at 10 o'clock , in Westminster-hall.—Mr . Baker presented a petition from the malsters and makers of malt , 1026 in the county of Hertford , praying relief from certain regulations in the mode of collecting the duty on malt.—Sir J. Sinclair brought up the report of the committee for augmenting the salaries of the judges of the Admiralty in Scotland , and the judges commissary of Edinburgh . The resolutions were agreed to , and a bill ordered accordingly— The West-India Indemnity bill passed through a committee without any amendment.—Lord H. Petty , pursuant to notice , moved for leave to bring in a bill for the better regulation of the office of receiver general of the excise . The measure was founded upon the same principle which the house had acted upon in passing the bill for regulating the office of Treasurer of the Ordnance . The object of it was to prevent balances accumulating in the offices , and to provide that so much of the public money as was not wanted for the necessary payments in the office , should he lodged in the Bank . Leave was given.—The noble lord also obtained leave to bring in bills for the better Regulation of the offices of receiver general of customs , stamp duties , post Office , and surveyor general of woods and forests . The order of the day for the house going into a committee on the Iron Duty bill being read . observing that it was the wish of government to obviate , if possible , the various objections that had been , made to this measure , and that it was intended to introduce several amendments for that purpose , hoped there would be no objection to the bill 's now passing through a committee , pro forma , with a view to its being recommitted on Thursday . said , be should not object to the proposition , though he did not think that any alteration or modification would make it palatable , or fit to be adopted , coincided in sentiment with his right hon . friend , but this was a strong reason why he should also consent to the proposition made by his noble friend opposite to him . For so full of confidence was he in the grounds of his opposition to this bill , that he was sure the more the objections to it were weighed the stronger