( lord Folkestone ) had very justly stated , when ministers came down to the house , and representing it general terms the prejudice it would be to the public service to communicate more particular information on any subject , they were permitted on their responsibility to withhold this information . The other , which perhaps was the more recent way of the two , was restricting any order of the house for information , in such terms as beforehand admitted the ministers to withhold it at descretion , without assigning any reason , or taking notice of the particular article , such matters as they might judge expedient . At the same time , he should observe , that there was no such material difference between the ordinary discretion exercised by ministers , when called on to produce papers , and that contained by the present motion . The orders of the house were generally for copies or extracts of the papers called for . Who were to give these extracts , but the ministers who exercised their discretion in withholding such parts , the discovery of which might be injurious to the public service ? Here , however , the papers were not in one or two confidential hands alone , but in those of a variety of persons who would quickly discover if the discretion demanded was abused . The agreeing to the motion therefore , this case , was not a consideration of great importance , or rather it was one of no importance at all . As he had already said , if this were a new question , he should incline to object to the motion ; but considering that similar additions had been made to all the orders on this subject , not only during last session , but two nights ago , in the case of Surat , without being seriously objected to , he would rather recommend to his hons . friend ( Mr. Francis ) to withdraw his opposition , he ( Mr. FOX ) saying that if a new case should occur , in which 498 the objection was made , he should support it . The responsibility , he thought , would not be very different , with or without the words . He had been cases in which papers had been produced at the discretion of those in whose hands they were , the production of which , if by motion in this house , he should have opposed . He rather thought in this case , where so large a production was called to be made , the discretion Might be allowed . thought it incumbent on the house to put an end as soon as possible to bad precedents , as well as to avoid creating any . Should the present question be carried , it would strengthen the former precedents , and render them still more dangerous . They were not to regard it as relative to India only , but as applicable to any other case that might come before the house . He was a little surprized at the manner in which the right hon . secretary of state had just expressed himself : he had owned that he supported it only because there was a precedent for it , and that if it were a new question he would reject it ; such a precedent should , therefore , be done away as soon as possible . The hon . gent . suggested the propriety of withdrawing the motion till his right hon . friend should have an opportunity of examining the papers ; and if he should find any part that could not be safely produced , he pledged himself to support his motion upon the statement of that specific ground . concurred with the noble lord who had spoken , that the species of responsibility which he had recommended , resulting from all application to the house , on the part of ministers , in particular instances , and after assigning their particular reasons , was certainly the best . He agreed with his right hon . friend near