. For just in the same degree that any such measure was unjust or unwise , or likely to press severely upon them , should any portion of the people feel that parliament would not feel disposed to adopt it . The people should at least wait until the decision of parliament was known . And until that decision , instead of apprehending evil , their presumption ought to be , that such a measure would not be adopted . The character of parliament , and the just respect which the people entertained for it , should naturally incline the public mind to that presumption . To the volunteers he particularly addressed these obvervations ; and to indicate a disposition different from that he recommended , would on their part , to say the least of it , be impolitic and unwise . For any indecorous conduct , at present particularly , must be injurious to themselves and their advocates , by furnishing to their enemies the strongest arguments against them . He felt , however , that it must be confessed the disgust and discontent of the volunteers was , in a great measure , excusable . It was very natural for them to complain when they heard language used respecting them by a government composed , for the most part , of men who originally encouraged their formation , and who almost uniformly panegyrized their conduct . When they saw any part of such a government , instead of patronizing them , manifesting a wish to throw impediments and obstacles in their way , the same feelings which led the volunteers to quit their habits and employments to prepare for the field of war , must now dispose them to chagrin and disappointment . When they were held up as a disgrace to the military 844 profession ; when told that it was degrading to the army that they should be dressed in the same uniform with them ; that it was an affront to military officers , that volunteer corps should have any thing like similar distinctions . That although their want of discipline had been the general complaint heretofore , the remedy now proposed was to relax that discipline—it was no wonder if the zeal of the volunteers was in some degree damped , and their dispositions soured . But still they should not suffer themselves to be agitated , but wait in respectful confidence the decision of the legislature . The hon . and learned gent . concluded with moving for `` An account of all sums issued and expended for the service of the volunteers of Great Britain , from the commencement of the present war to the latest period at which the same could be made out , distinguishing each year , and also each head of service . did not rise to object to the motion of the hon . gent. , because , without such a motion , it was intended by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) to lay this document before the house . But the hon . gent . 's speech and his motion being far from the same thing , he must say , that although he acquiesced in the one , he very much objected to several parts of the other . The hon . gent . 's observation , that the volunteers should , before they took a strong impression as to his right hon . friend 's plan , wait the decision of parliament , was certainly , unexceptionable ; but he could not help observing that that sentiment very ill consisted with other parts of the hon . gent . 's speech . When a person of understanding , competent to conceive the proceedings of that house , was found to misrepresent words which it was impossible to misconceive , it was not difficult to infer his object . Nothing could have been more explicit than the meaning of his right hon . friend . When he alluded to a relaxation of discipline , he meant merely that the volunteers should only be seldomer called out to exercise , and