as it was a bill that went to make a material change in the old established laws , and as several gentlemen might entertain doubts , which a fuller consideration might remove , he thought it would be better to allow a longer tune to consider it . did not consider that the bill made any alteration in old established laws ; he thought it would be only a declaration of what was actually the existing law.—The question was then put , and the bill was ordered to be read a second time on Friday se'nnight . presented a petition from the maltsters of Kingston-upon-Hull , praying to be relieved from certain embarrassments under the existing malt laws.—Mr . W. Dundas presented the Scotch Creditors ' bill , which was read a first time.—Mr . W. Keene moved that there be laid before the house a copy of the commission under which the commissioners for liquidating the debts of the nabob of Arcot acted . Mr. H. Addington had no objection to the production of the paper in question , but suggested the propriety of postponing the motion till Monday , when the committee moved for by his . noble friend ( lord Morpeth ) , would have this business fully before them , and when the commission would of course be produced . Mr. Keene maintained that it was necessary that the house should be in possession of the commission before going into the committee . The motion , however , was negatived—Lord Collingwood 's Annuity bill was read a 3d time and passed . —The Mutiny bill , Militia Pay bill , Militia Subalterns bill , Militia Adjutants bill , and Irish Militia Pay bill , went through committees , and were ordered to be reported to-morrow.—Mr . Vansittart brought in a bill for continuing the act of the 44th of the king , enabling his majesty to accept of the service of such part of the militia of Ireland as voluntarily offered themselves to 428 be employed in Great Britain , which was read a first time . moved the order of the day , for going into a committee on the Irish Clergy Residence bill ; which being read accordingly , rose to express his hope , that the hon . and learned doctor would not now persist in pushing forward this bill through the house with so much rapidity , in the absence of gentlemen from that country , who certainly wished to be present at the discussion of a subject of so much importance to the clergy of Ireland . Some of those gentlemen had not yet arrived in London ; others were arrived , but not present . Several of them had instructed him to request the learned doctor would postpone the committal of the bill , until Thursday the 8th of May , and to hope the learned doctor would have no objection . hoped the hon.gent . would be so good as to give him some reason why he wished the further proceedings of the bill to be postponed to so distant a day ? He had brought the bill forward at the request of the board of First Fruits in Ireland , a board composed of the lord chancellor , the three chief judges of the other courts , and many of the most respectable gentlemen of Ireland . By the union it was settled that the church of Great Britain and Ireland should thenceforth be one and the same for ever . The present bill was founded in strict conformity to that principle , and did not contain a single tittle that was not enacted by the bill which passed this house in the 43d of the king , for securing the residence of the Clergy in England ; and which bill had undergone a most minute discussion in both houses of Parliament , and therefore he should be glad to hear what objections could exist to the bill now before the house . answered , that his first objection was , that a bill of this nature , in which not only the church but the state in