it would , therefore , be productive of great mischief . He hoped the noble earl , in the interval proposed , would better consider the subject , and present it in quite another form ; and , farther , that when it should come to be considered , the point whether the lords spiritual or temporal should have the priority in the bill , would form no part of the discussion . On the motion of Mr. Manning , the London Wet Dock bill was read a second time and ordered to be committed.—Sir Stephen Cottrell , one of the clerks of the privy council , presented to the house two books , containing `` a Copy of the return or returns , made to the privy council by every archbishop and bishop , of the names of every dignity , prebend , benefice , donative , perpetual curacy , and parochial chapelry , within their respective dioceses , or subject to their respective jurisdictions , and the names of the several persons possessing the same who shall not have resided thereon by reason of any exemption under or by virtue of the act of 43 Geo . III c. 84 ; and also of all the persons possessing the same , not having any such exemption or licence , who shall not have resided on such dignity , prebend , benefice , donative , perpetual curacy , or parochial chapelry , so far as the bishop is informed thereof . '' Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Irving , the inspector-general of the imports and exports , presented the accounts of the exports to the island of Tortola , and the orders of council relative thereto , which were moved for by Mr. Rose . Ordered to be printed.—On the motion of lord Henry Petty , a new writ was ordered for Jedburgh , in the room of John Dalrymple , esq . who , since his election had accepted the office of steward of his 452 majesty 's Chiltern hundreds.—The Mutiny bill , the English Militia Pay bill , the Militia Subaltern 's bill , the Militia Adjutants ' bill , and the Irish Militia pay bill , were severally read a third time , and passed.—Mr . Alderman Prinsep rose to give notice , that early in the next session he would move for a committee to be appointed to enquire into the state of the carrying trade of British India , unless it should be intimated to him before that period , that the proper board had taken that important subject into their consideration.—Mr . W. Wynne obtained leave to bring in a bill to amend the act of last session , appointing commissioners to enquire into the abuses in the paving , & c. of Dublin . [ IRISH MILITIA SERVICE BILL . ] On the question , that the Irish Militia Service bill be read a second time , to offer a few observations . He lamented , that the measure proposed to be adopted , in 1798 , for the English militia to volunteer their services in Ireland , and the Irish in England , had not been carried into effect . It had been so , indeed , in a partial degree , by some English regiments of militia , but not at all by the Irish , which he was very sorry for ; as the Irish militia , by coming here , would see how much was done by industry , and would receive a good impression of its advantageous consequences . In time north of Ireland , he said , the people were naturally industrious ; and , from being so , had acquired property , and he believed them thereby strongly attached to the limited monarchy of this country , and not liable to be led away by any splendid promises , that might he held out to them by the inveterate foe of the united kingdoms , and his satellites , in case an invasion should take place . In the southern and western parts of Ireland , it was , however , different ;