his enemies . In his political life , he had rendered the most important services to his country , and had preserved the same exalted character . He first carried with him to the government of India , those two grand principles to which the good government and prosperity of those countries must be principally attributed . The first was , giving the natives a fixed and certain property in the lands they cultivated , and the second was the introduction of a stable administration of justice . To him was principally committed the management of the union in Ireland ; and although this was a subject whereon he knew some would differ from him in opinion , he must be allowed to say , that he considered it as one of the most essential services to the state , and which posterity would do justice to . He could not avoid reminding the house , that he also had concluded the peace of Amiens ; a peace which , although at the present day many might object to , was approved by parliament , and had the cordial concurrence of himself , and those with whom he had the honour at that time to act . Their successors in office would feel , that it was this peace which gave them the means of carrying with them the public spirit , and raising the public force , to meet the difficulties in which this country was now placed . After the brilliant successes which had been obtained in India , under the administration of the marquis of Wellesley , it was thought that it would be useful to the country to employ the talents of the marquis Cornwallis , in consolidating those possessions which the British arms had gained . Although at the close of life , his lordship , with a self-devotion which can not be too highly praised , resolved to embark for 122 whatever place in which he could be most serviceable to his country . His health had been in a declining state even before he left Great Britain , and he soon fell a victim to the climate of India . It was worthy of notice , that , within a very short space of time , the country had been , by the hand of Providence , deprived of three of its most distinguished characters . He thought it would be no contempt to the living to say , that three greater characters , than those who had so lately fallen , could not be found throughout the empire . Connected as he was , by the sincerest friendship , with the marquis Cornwallis while he lived , and knowing better than most gentlemen in that house the great services he had rendered the country , no man was more bound than he was to call for every honour to his memory , now that he was no more . His lordship concluded by moving , `` that an humble address be presented to his majesty , praying that he would be graciously pleased to direct that a public monument should be erected in the cathedral church of St. Paul , to the memory of Charles marquis Cornwallis , late governor-general of Bengal , in memory of his high and unblemished character , his long and eminent services , and his unwearied zeal and devotion , to the last moments of his life , in the cause of his country . '' in rising to second the motion made by the noble lord , conceived himself peculiarly qualified to speak to the merits of the noble marquis so far as they respected India . From his personal knowledge of that country , and from his residence there during the administration of that lamented nobleman , he was able to bear testimony to the happy effects of the regulations he had introduced into the government of that country . The regulations he had introduced respecting property were of the highest importance , and the good effects they had produced would amply justify any encomium that might be passed on that subject . It had