to by his noble friend , should be brought forward , he would contribute his assistance in forwarding the measure , towards the relief of the unhappy objects of it.—The petition was then ordered to lie on the table . from the office of the chief secretary of Ireland , presented at the bar , an account of the ordinary revenue of Ireland , pursuant to an order of the house.—Mr . Calcraft presented the ordnance estimates , and gave notice that although it was earlier than the usual practice , yet as he apprehended no objection would be made to his proposition , and as it would be attended with much convenience , he would move them in the committee of supply on Friday.—On the motion of Mr. Whitbread , the order of the day of taking into further consideration the report of the committee appointed to prepare another article of impeachment against lord Melville , was read . He then moved , that the said article be one other of the articles of impeachment against lord vis- 371 count Melville . Ordered.—On the motion of Mr. Witbread , it was also ordered , that a clause be prepared , saving liberty to the commons to prefer any other articles of impeachment against lord viscount Melville , and that he be put to answer the same ; and that the committee appointed to draw up the articles of impeachment , be appointed to draw up the said clause . The hon . gent . immediately brought up a report from the committee , containing the above clause , which was read , agreed to , and ordered to be engrossed , with the article of impeachment . pursuant to the notice he had formerly given , rose to bring forward his motion for leave to bring in a bill to explain and render more effectual , an act made in the 7th and 8th of William III . chap . 4 , for preventing charge and expence in elections of members to serve in parliament . Every gentleman with whom he had conversed on the subject , agreed with him on the necessity of some measure for giving effect to an act of parliament , which had been found by uniform experience , to fall in most cases greatly short of the object it avowed ; but many were of opinion the attempt would be attended with difficulties scarcely surmountable . It was by no means his intention to give to that act any new construction , to the exclusion of any particular class or description of voters , or to pervert its meaning from the object it fairly avowed ; but merely to remove the doubts which had arisen upon its construction in the minds of committees appointed to try the merits of elections , and to give it some certain and defined construction ; and the construction which he should propose , was precisely that which had always struck his own mind on the subject . The object of the act in question , was to exempt candidates from the enormous demands to which they were made liable , under the head of charges for the conveyance and travelling expences of voters not resident at the place of election , and to prevent the system of bribery and corruption which , under the pretence of such charges , might be and actually were carried on . The evils in those cases could not arise in places where the voters were all residents of the town or vicinage , but where persons claiming a right to vote at such elections resided at a distance , often at the extremity of a county , which constantly gave rise to scenes of confusion and enormous expence ; for , in 372 coming to give their votes at such elections they uniformly claimed the expences of their conveyance and travelling charges , and those upon the most extravagant scale , from the candidates for whom they chose to vote . Perhaps there might be no very great objection to allow the claim of a voter , coming from a distance to