their opinion . The variance between the verbal statement of the learned chief Justice , and the answer delivered in at the table , was obvious to the house ; it was also clear that the difference of opinion amongst the learned Judges was , not as to the form of the question put to them , but upon the merits of the question itself . Under these circumstances , therefore , he thought that the house was entitled to call fur an opinion from the Judges , and , as they could not agree , that they should deliver their opinions seriatim . He , at the same time , wished to pay the highest deference to the opinion , upon this subject , of his noble and learned friend ( lord Eldon ) . perfectly concurred in what had fallen from the noble and learned lord on the woolsack . He wished to pay every respect to the learned Judges , but their lordships were entitled to an opinion upon the questions referred to that learned body ; and , however painful or unpleasant the task , they must do their duty . He concurred in the propriety of hearing the Judges seriatim . also agreed that the Judges should be heard seriatim ; the only question appeared to him to be as to the mode of getting rid of the answer to the first two questions which had been delivered at the table . It occurred to him that the best mode of doing this , would be to consider that answer as not having been delivered , and that it should be un- 227 derstood that the learned Judges were to deliver their opinion upon the question , as if no such answer had been given . With respect to what had fallen from his noble . friend ( lord Holland ) as to the proceedings of the house being controlled by the opinion of the Judges upon specific points , that opinion was not sanctioned by precedents , one of which occurred to him at the moment—the case of Dr. Sacheverell , in which the house acted in direct opposition to the unanimous opinion of the judges . As to the idea started by the earl ( Stanhope ) of a general law to prevent the evidence of witnesses from being used against themselves , he thought it would not have the effect which the noble earl proposed , as , if the witnesses were compelled to disclose facts , that disclosure might afford a clue for proving those facts against them . withdrew his motion . thought the Judges ought to be called upon to deliver then opinions seriatim . said , he felt it incumbent upon him to state , that he gave too positive an opinion upon the point involved in the bill . He had said , that there was no doubt that a witness had no right to demur to a question , the answer to which might involve him in a civil suit ; that opinion he must now retract , as he found there were doubts upon the subject amongst persons of high legal authority . He concurred in opinion that the judges should be heard seriatim , and therefore moved that the Judges , having given a decided opinion in the negative as to the third question referred to them ; and it having been stated that they differed in opinion as to the other two questions ; that they should be heard seriatim upon those questions , and that they should attend to-morrow for the purpose of delivering their opinions.—This motion was agreed to , and on the motion of lord Holland the further consideration of the bill was postponed till Tuesday , for which day the lords were ordered to be summoned . A message was brought from the lords , stating that their lordships had agreed to the five millions exchequer bills bill without any amendment.—Dr . Duigenan brought in the Irish first fruits bill , which was read a first time.— 228 Mr. Francis moved for , extracts of any letters or accounts