by a grant of 1s . in the pound from all prize-money ; and , in addition to this , I have no doubt of his majesty 's consent to set apart , for the same purpose , all droits of the admiralty . His majesty 's uniform solicitude for the comfort and reward of the navy , warrants a confidence in his acquiescence upon this subject . It will be seen that I have altogether omitted any allusion to the marines , not however from any disposition to overlook their just claims . But this description of force having so much analogy to the regular army , I thought it better to postpone any reference to their case , until the question respecting the pay of the army shall be determined . I have now nothing more to add , than to assure the house , that in the preparation of the arrangement I have detailed , my anxious endeavour has been to 914 reconcile all sides . I flatter myself that the outline will not be ungraciously received by any one . If , however , any difference of opinion should arise upon the detail part , on which I may perhaps have deviated from principle , which I trust is unexceptionable , I hope that the whole may be considered on its own merits . My wish is , that no comparisons may be made . They must tend to excite the most invidious feelings , possibly other mischievous effects , while they can serve no purpose of legitimate argument . The army and navy are both the means of our safety , and entitled to our warmest gratitude . The condition of both is deserving our most diligent attention . But then they stand upon different grounds . No comparison can be fairly instituted between the state and pretensions of both . What may be a boon for the one , it may impossible to give to the other . I , therefore , hope the two cases may not be confounded , and that in discussing this subject , gentleman will avoid any reference to extraneous topics , but decide upon it from a fair view of its own justice and expediency.—The motion for the grant of 193,16sl . with which the noble lord concluded , being read by the chairman ; in reply to a question from Mr. Wilberforce , he stated , that the proposed addition to the number of petty officers , would amount to about 10 in each ship of the line . confessed that the business was new to him , and that his apprehensions might appear to have no foundation ; but he had one general question to ask : he wished to know whether , when the pay of the officers and seamen was originally fixed , the probability of prize money was not taken into consideration , and whether on that ground the pay was not fixed at so much lower rate ? whether the pay , as connected with the prize money , was not considered as sufficient ? As to his noble friend 's request , that no comparison should be instituted in this discussion between the case of the navy , and that of the army , he rather apprehended that if there should be any inequality in the branches of service , unpleasant comparisons would be made elsewhere , however studiously any allusion to the subject might be avoided in that house . said , that having very frequently and maturely considered this subject , he thought great credit due to the noble lord , who , after being so short a 915 time in office , was already prepared with so desirable a measure . But though he highly approved of the principle of the measure , he could not equally approve of the application proposed to be made of the sum of nearly 300,000l . in the classes in which it was meant to be distributed . The warrant and petty officers were known to all professional men , to be the life and soul of the navy of Great Britain