reason of the case , he concurred in opinion with Mr. Justice Heath . entered at considerable length into a contrary line of 245 argument . He had ever considered it as an established point of law , that a witness was not compellable to answer any question , the answer to which might subject him to a civil action . He travelled thee western circuit for many years , at a time when the Judges who usually went that circuit were lawyers of the greatest eminence , as were also the leading counsel who went that circuit , and he was as fully convinced , as that he was then addressing their lordships , that all those eminent lawyers were of the same opinion . The same opinion he always understood to be entertained in Westminster hall , and it was so decided by lord Kenyon in a case , where an action was brought by a person against another who had been his clerk , for money alleged to have been received for the use of the plaintiff . The defence was that the money had been paid over to another clerk of the plaintiff 's , of the name of Wright , who was authorized to receive it . Wright was called to prove this , who stated that no money was due from the defendant to the plaintiff . The counsel for the plaintiff ( Mr. Erskine ) then asked the witness if he knew of any other person who owed money to the plaintiff , but was stopped by lord Kenyon , who immediately declared that the witness was not bound to answer against himself . This therefore seemed to be a point of law so clearly established , that there had been no doubt about it . The reverse of such a principle would , in his opinion , be productive of the worst consequences . Besides the case of lord Keith , which had been already mentioned , he remembered a case which happened in 1771 or 1772 , where a gentleman from India , in consequence of some acknowledgments which he made in evidence before a committee of the house of commons , was subjected to two actions where the proof against him consisted of the evidence given by himself , and in which he had a verdict against him for 2,000l . in one action , and 1,000l . in the other . After going through a variety of other arguments , he concluded by giving it as his opinion , that a witness under the circumstances mentioned , was not compellable to answer.—After the learned chief justice had delivered his opinion , rose , and observed upon the very material difference of opinion among the Judges . They differed , not only in principle , but as to the extent of particular rules . The inconvenience of leaving 246 the law in its present uncertain and unsettled state , was too obvious to require illustration . He would suppose a case , which would put this in the clearest possible light . Suppose a case were to come for decision before two Judges of opposite opinions ; on this , their opinions would , of course , be stated different ways . One would decide , the witness should be allowed to demurr ; the other , that he should not ! How would this appear ? He had no difficulty , in his opinion , of what the law ought to be . What he proposed was , that the witness should be fully examined , but that his evidence should not be brought against him . Under this impression he had , as he gave notice on a former night , prepared a short bill , the general title of which , his lordship stated to be , `` An act for the more effectual discovery of matters to be given in evidence , '' & c. and which went to provide , that when any person shall be examined as a witness , in any court , or before any magistrate , or other person , the