of which , he thought , would be ultimately paid by the public . did not wish then to enter into a retrospective view of the affairs in question ; they had been principally to consider the situation in which it now stood ; in this view of it he seemed to deprecate all idea of stopping short . It was impossible for any person to read the case in evidence , which lay upon the table , and not see the absolute necessity of proceeding in the investigation of it . Not only with a view to the rights and interests , but the character of all parties concerned ; even the credit and character of the house were involved ; it was , therefore , in all these points of view , proper to proceed , thoroughly to investigate the case , and come to a decision upon it . He had given the best attention in his power to the business , and was ready to say , that even a respect for the character of the learned judge in question should be an additional inducement to their lordships to continue the investigation . after shortly adverting to the sentiments he had formerly declared upon the subject , observed , he could consistenly , in the present state of the case , vote for a suspension of the proceedings . He alluded to what had been adduced in evidence , and upon record against the learned judge in question , and the degree of publicity it had obtained , which should be a consideration to determine their lordships not to leave the case in such an unfinished state . appeared 253 father to view the case as it stood at present before the house , and adverted to the ill consequence of stopping short . In this consideration , he seemed to think the character and estimation of the house were also involved . The proceeding in these different points of view , was , he agreed , of great importance . The opinions he had avowed as to the origin of the business , and the question of its being properly entertained in the first instance , by their lordships , he still retained . But the case , after what had been done , now stood in a different situation ; this he threw out for the consideration of the house : under the impression , however , which , upon the whole , he felt , respecting the affair , he could not consistently assent to the motion.—The question was then put , and the witnesses originally named in the motion , were ordered to attend on the 28th of April , accordingly . to bring forward his promised motion upon this subject , and spoke as follows : My lords , before I state to your lordships the views and motives which have induced me to shape the resolutions which I now hold in my hand , and which I shall this night have the honour of submitting to the consideration of the house , I feel peculiarly anxious to disclaim , in the strongest and most unequivocal manner , all party views in the step I am about to take , and I most earnestly entreat of every noble lord here present , not to consider the present question as in any degree of a party nature . For myself , my lords , I can most solemnly aver , and there are many who can bear witness to the truth of the assertion , that so far am I from being actuated by any hostile feelings towards his majesty 's present ministers , that from the moment of the death of that great and illustrious statesman , whose loss has been so severely felt and so deeply lamented , no man in this house or out of it was more desirous than I was , to see the reins of government committed to the hands which now hold them ; and , my lords , so sincerely were these sentiments entertained by me , so scrupulously was I disposed to govern