he had hoped many generous minds would have been found , to have shared with him the toils of bringing to justice this nobleman , so highly protected , and that he did not yet despair , after seeing what two directors had stated this evening . However , 482 if left with but one voice more in the house , he would record on the journals of parliament his sense of the conduct of marquis Wellesley ; and posterity would see the charges , and enquire into the causes that had prevented his being brought to punishment . Does the hon . gent . mean to say , that the noble marquis has misapplied the public money for his own advantage ? I mean to say that be expended large sums of money , contrary to the act of parliament , for his own convenience , his own show , and splendour . felt it necessary to ask the hon . gent . again , whether he meant to state that the noble marquis had diverted the public money to his own private purposes and advantage ? repeated , that his charge was , that the public money was expended for purposes of convenience , splendour , and show . Does the hon . gent . mean to bring forward a charge of peculation ? He has stated his intention of making a new charge , and I expect a distinct explanation . This is the first time that the breath of calumny has dared so to accuse marquis Wellesley . did not mean to accuse the noble marquis of peculation , but repeated his charge , that he had applied the public money for his own convenience , splendour , and show . I must understand , then , that the hon . gent . means to say , that the noble marquis has misapplied the public money for public purposes . I can easily conceive that he may mean to say , that too much money has been expended on the palace of Calcutta , or that the guard had beets unnecessarily increased ; but I still wish to know , whether he means to say that marquis Wellesley has used the public money for his . own private advantage ? The house will feel the justice of my request of a distinct answer to this question . I mean distinctly to charge marquis Wellesley with wasteful , profuse , unauthorized , extravagant expenditure of the public money , and with misapplication of the same to purposes contrary to law . then put the question on the several motions , for the production of papers , as made by the hon . mover in the early stage of the debate ; when proposed as an amendment , that the words , `` so far as these va- 483 rious documents may be disclosed , without prejudice to the public service , '' might be added to the original motion . thought the object of this amendment , by withholding what the right hon . gent . might chose to consider state secrets , would be a great impediment to obtaining necessary information . said , he felt jealous of the system of secrecy which was creeping into practice ; he hoped this amendment would not be considered as a precedent , as there was no calculating upon the extent of the mischief that might arise from the practice of adding amendments oft his kind . replied , that what it was wished to withhold , merely related to certain papers respecting the Indian coast , not relevant to the point intended to be elucidated.—The question as amended was then put and carried . Annuity bill was read a third time and passed.—Mr . Alexander brought up the American Treaty bill , the Wool Exportation bill , the English and Irish Militia bill , the Militia Subaltern 's bill , the Militia Adjutant 's bill ; which were severally read a first time . On the third reading of the Declaratory bill , earl Stanhope moved to leave out the proviso which had been added to the bill