that a subject which had been much animadverted upon should be fully understood . The right hon . gent . submitted motions accordingly , which were agreed to . On the motion of Mr. S. Bourne the order of the day for taking into consideration the petition , complaining of an undue election for the county of Middlesex , was read and discharged , and the same order fixed for Friday next.—Mr . W. M. Pitt presented a petition from the debtors confined in the gaol of Dorset , praying for relief . Ordered to lie on the table . —Mr.H . Lascelles brought up the report of the committee on the York West- 120 Riding petition , conformably to which leave was given to bring in a bill for the erection of a court-house , for the better accommodation of the justices of the peace for that Riding.—On the motion of Mr. S. Bourne , a new writ was ordered for the borough of Wendover , in the room of the right hon . Charles Long , who , since his election , has accepted of the office of chief secretary to the lord lieutenant of Ireland.— The malt duty bill was read a second time and ordered to be committed to-morrow.—The pension , office , and personal estates duty bill was also read a second time and committed for to-morrow.—On the motion of Mr. W. Pole , the house went into a committee to consider further of the supply to be granted to his majesty . To this committee was also referred the estimate presented on Friday last of the sums expended by the board of ordnance , and not provided for by parliament . Resolutions were adopted for granting such sums as might cover the estimates ; and the house having resumed , the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . in rising to call the attention of the house to the motion of which he had given notice on a former night , declared , that no man was more strongly impressed than himself with the conviction , that the country ought not to be called upon to grant the highest honours it had to bestow , unless the claim to those honours was clearly and distinctly made out . As a general principle , it was wise and prudent , that those honours should rather be given in the contemplation of some splendid and signal services , which admitted of no dispute , than for the general merits of a life mixed with political matter , about which there might be a great difference of opinion . This rule , however , though general , was by no means universal . Some splendid exceptions had occurred , and cases which were not to be confined within the common course of precedents . The case he had now to present to the consideration of the house was not a case of a common nature . The motion he had to make was respecting the honours which should be paid to the memory of a man who had something in his character and the whole of his conduct , which disarmed all party feeling , and made every one inclined to pay him the tribute of public gratitude and of individual respect . The late marquis Cornwallis was a man whose ta- 121 lents were , perhaps , not of a nature sufficiently splendid to distinguish him by eloquence in the senate , but yet his career was useful and brilliant . He combined , with the professional knowledge of a soldier , that degree of political judgment which made him equally serviceable to his country in the civil and the military capacity . To speak of him as a soldier , a high degree of praise was due to him . No degree of prosperity or good fortune was able to strip him of the virtues of generosity , moderation , and forbearance , for which he was so eminently distinguished ; nor did any reverse of fortune which he encountered , lower his professional reputation , or deprive him of the respect even of