services . He thought it but a justice due from the country that it should pay debts evidently contracted in consequence of the engagements of the man in the business of the country , and from what appeared on the face of them , the result of the official situation his right hon . friend held . He owned that at a meeting of the creditors of his right hon . friend , he had recommended that the money should be raised by a subscription among his friends , rather than that an application should be made to parliament . He believed the money might have been raised by such a subscrption . But it was 136 thought that justice to the memory of his right hon . friend , and to the liberality of the house , and of the country , indispensably required the present mode of proceeding . said , he was very well convinced it would be much more difficult to repress , than set in motion the discharge of the late minister 's debts amongst his private friends , who entertained but one opinion as to the value of his public services , and considered him the instrument of Providence in effecting the salvation of his country ; but he was , at the same time , satisfied , that the mode now proposed , would be the most acceptable to a great majority of the people of this kingdom . He bore his testimony to the statement made by Mr. Rose , that in 1801 , Mr. Pitt resisted the proposition then made for the payment of his debts . He said , that , during the 13 years he sat in that house , he seldom troubled them at all ; and never in his life proposed any expenditure of the public money . On the contrary , in a year of great difficulty , he was the first to suggest the plan , which was adopted by the then minister ( Mr. Pitt ) for raising a sum of money , by voluntary contributions , which , in the result , amounted to 2,000,000 sterling . After this instance , he did not expect to be considered as a squanderer of the public money , if he supported this motion ; though he knew , that if this notice had not been given , the sum now demanded would have been raised with great ease and convenience , by the friends of the late minister . said , that though he never spoke in that house before , he could not now help saying , that he cordially supported the present motion , on the ground of Mr. Pitt having been a great minister , and at excellent statesman . supported the motion with much earnestness . Mr. Pitt he considered as a character without spot or blemish , There was nothing about him on which malignity could fix . The country and that house had already acknowledged his great and pre-eminent services . Had he pursued any other profession , he might have realized an immense fortune ; but he had devoted himself to his country . complained of the arguments used for the motion , as he considered it solely with a view to acting handsomely towards a servant of the public . He acquiesced in it as an act of the public generosity of a great nation to a 137 departed servant ; but not on the ground of his being a man without spot or blemish ; not on the principle of approbation , but on that of generosity . I certainly did mean to give a silent vote upon this occasion , because I did conceive that if a general unanimity had prevailed , I should have best expressed my opinion , by simply observing , that such a motion had passed nemine contradicente . But , sir , that not being the case , I beg leave to declare to you and the house , that I never gave a vote with more satisfaction in my life than I shall do this night , in support