be laid before the house a copy of the letter from the right hon . Henry Dundas , now lord viscount Melville , to the chairman of the East-India Company , dated the 30th of June , 1801 . '' said , he had no objection to the production of the letter now called for , but at the same time he wished it to be understood that in acceding to this he did not by any means accede to the propriety and truth of the observations of the hon . gent . who had made the motion , or to any future motions or opinions that might , by him , be founded upon it . This also he must say , that the hon . gento had not acted altogether with strict fairness , in making his motion so early , and prefacing it with so many remarks , which would have been more properly introduced when those were present who might be able , from the situations they held , to meet them in a clear and proper manner . The hon . gent . had adverted to the cause of the increase of the debt , and touched upon one argument against him , which he wished to in anticipate . He was correct in supposing that war would be alledged as the great cause of the increase of the India Debt , and he had no doubt that when the subject came to be investigated , this would be proved to be the real state of the case . wished to say one word in reply . He had come early to the house , and had certainly waited a reasonable time for those who might be best informed upon , and most interested in this business . It was not his wish to take the house , or any person in it , by surprise ; but he had a most important object in view , and was convinced that delay would be highly prejudicial to the interests of the country . If there was a cause of the debt , foreign to the war in which India had been engaged , and if by this cause the public had been deprived of the benefits that might result from the performance of the conditions of the East-India Company 's charter , it was 111 high time the business should be investigated , and that no delay should take place , beyond what was absolutely necessary from the nature of the thing itself.—The motion was then put and agreed to . After which the hon . gent . gave notice , that on Tuesday se'nnight he would move for a select committee to enquire into the causes of the alarming increase of the debt of the East-India company , and of their failure to perform the conditions , terms , and stipulations , contained in their charter . presented estimates of the expences of the army in Great Britain and Ireland , on the continent , and the colonies , of guards and garrisons , militia forces , & c. for three months , from 25th Dec. 1805 . The right hon . gent . in giving notice that it was his intention to move these estimates on Friday , thought it necessary to state , that he brought them before the house in consequence of the total exhaustion of the funds granted last year for the army estimates , by which an immediate provision was required for the current service . He had framed them on the scale of the last year , and the short period of three months , in order that the new administration might have an early opportunity of reconsidering them and making any alteration they might think proper . Under these circumstances , he trusted there could be no objection to his moving them on Friday . observed , that in reference to what he had stated on a former evening , he should have , by command of his majesty , to lay before the house , on Monday next , some additional papers and documents , relative