name , it would be found , that each was marked with traits peculiar and distinguishing . If the house reverted to the battle of Aboukir , they must recollect his daring and successful attempt to pass between the line and the shore . His conduct at Copenhagen evinced equal originality , and indeed his whole life was a series of brilliant achievements , which proved the magnitude and the variety of the resources of his capacious mind . In considering the loss , we should also consider every thing that could afford consolation . It too frequently happened that great souls were enshrined in feeble frames . This was the case with that illustrious character ; and he contended with the various maladies by which he was assailed , with so little success , that the day might possibly have arrived when he might be placed in opposition to the enemy with diminished powers . It was therefore some degree of consolation , that the great history of his life had been wound up in honour , that his fame was out of the reach of misfortune . He was sure that he should disappoint the house , if he did not shortly advert to what his majesty in his beneficence had determined to do , to mark the sense which the crown entertained of his services . The individual was past gratitude , but the name remained ; and he was convinced that the country was desirous that some signal mark of public acknowledgment should be bestowed on them . With respect to the quantum of that acknowledgment , it was impossible to measure it by those services . Without , therefore , looking to what was commensurate to the benefit derived from the noble viscount 's services , it was rather considered what was fitting for the country to allow . He did not know whether those with whom he acted would have the power of conferring this acknowledgment , but he was sure , that from whomsoever it might proceed , it would be accompanied with that liberality which was characteristic of British gratitude . It was proposed to make a provision for his widow , correspondent to the rank which she held in society , and to the claim which she possessed on public gratitude . The sum in contemplation was an annuity for lady Nelson 's life of 2000l . This was , of course , unconnected with the subject of the royal intimation , which recommended the affixing some splendid ap- 102 pendages to the present earl . It certainly was not necessary to make for that noble , man a provision so munificent as to remove him from the sphere in which he now moved . It had been thought expedient , that this provision should be made not as a grant to the family , but as national property , intrusted to their possession ; that it should be invested in lands ; and that though a magnificent palate should not he erected , yet that an edifice conformable to their public rank and estimation should be built for the family . With a view to these objects , it was in contemplation to appropriate the sum of 200,000l . to be vested in the hands of public trustees , the two houses of parliament , and other high characters , to be applied in the manner which seemed best calculated to obtain the end proposed . It had occurred to government , that this would be consistent with the rank which it was desirable that the family of lord Nelson should bear in the country , without going on too exaggerated a scale.—It was unnecessary for him to trespass any longer on the attention of the house . Any thing , indeed , that he could say , would be far from enough to manifest the sense , which he , in common with the country at large , entertained of the services of the illustrious hero . Great , however , as was the national loss in this instance , he could not but think that it was attended