of others ; but ordered that those who advised him to this act of perfidy , whenever discovered , should be punished in an exemplary manlier ; but as to the Rajah , the noble marquis considered that he might have been 417 misguided and deceived by wicked councils , and therefore ordered that no punishment should fall on him ; consequently he directed lord Lake to endeavour to discover who the advisers of the Rajah were , but not to punish him in any respect ; to warn him , however , of what he was about ; to tell him it was not the wish of the East-India company to interfere with his territory or his concerns ; but to call on him to dismiss the agents who had so misguided him . This was another of the proofs of the war of extermination , which the hon . gent . imputed to marquis Wellesley . My lord Lake acted on his instructions and left directions with gen. Frazer to abide by the same line of conduct , not to attack the Rajah of Bhurtpore , or bring on a war with him , but if attacked , to resist ; but the Rajah cut the matter short , for , not content with his correspondence with the enemy , he himself began the war , and commenced an attack upon us . The first direct act of hostility was committed on the part of the Rajah , whose fortress of Deeg afforded a protection to the remains of Holkar 's army , and fired upon the British troops , which enabled Holkar to carry off a great part of his army , and place his artillery in that fortress . After the fort of Deeg was taken , and , notwithstanding the several unsuccessful attacks on Bhurtpore , the Rajah at last came to his senses , and was glad to conclude a peace , by which he agreed to pay to the company 20 lacks of rupees in 4 years , and the company guaranteed him his territories . He was also bound to keep no Frenchmen or Europeans in his army . On these conditions , the conquered countries , and even the fort of Deeg itself , had been since restored to him . In all these transactions , he could perceive nothing of that implacable vengeance which was imputed by the hon . member to the noble marquis . His lordship said , it was not then the time for him to go further into this subject ; he wished to wait till the papers in question should be laid upon the table , as they would not only support the statement he had made , but display the conduct of the noble marquis to have been moderate and forbearing in the highest degree . said , he had quoted the treaty such as he found it in the Mahratta papers , and sent home by lord Wellesley , and could not be accused of a want of fairness in not reading what really had never been given to the house . said , he was sorry that it had been thought worth while to advert to any thing that had passed between himself and the hon , mover ; and he would have said nothing about the matter , had it not been that his silence might lead the house to imagine that he really had encouraged the hon . gent . in his proceedings in this business . In fact , he had dissuaded him from becoming a candidate for that , of which he ( Mr . J . ) was set down as the representative , and afterwards from following up these charges . He did not say , however , that these were fundamentally wrong , but he thought this proceeding , under all the circumstances , inexpedient . both as far as regarded the hon . gent . and himself . His own reasons for not coming forward with any such charges were , first , the impossibility which he foresaw of procuring redress for the wrongs