eminently deserved , thus rendering the reward the greater , by the rarity by which it was conferred . He thought however , that this was one of those cases which called upon their lordships to confer that high honour , and that so brilliant a victory entitled those who had achieved it , to the thanks of the house for the skill and bravery they had evinced in thus diminishing the means of the enemy , and adding to the security of the country . He conceived it unnecessary to comment any further upon the subject ; to enter into any lengthened detail would , he thought , derogate from the splendour of the achievement . His lordship concluded by moving for the thanks of the house , in the usual form , to vice-admiral sir J. T. Duckworth , K. B. ; the hon . rear-admiral Cochrane ; rear-admiral Louis ; and the captains and officers of the fleet ; and an acknowledgement of the services of the seamen and royal marines . said , he could not help taking this opportunity of again calling their lordships ' attention to the case of sir Robert Calder . He thought it hard that the services of that gallant admiral in the action of the first day , when , with an inferior force , he achieved a victory , should not be acknowledged by some public mark of approbation . The thirteen gallant officers who composed the court martial , he had no doubt , decided most properly ; still , however , the merit of the gallant admiral on the first day remained undiminished . He spoke on this subject entirely as a landsman , but it was the opinion of others as well as himself , that sir Robert Carder was hardly dealt with in not having the merit of his first day 's rencontre with the enemy publicly acknowledged . He had not the honour of being personally acquainted with the gallant admiral , but merely spoke from the impulse of his feelings upon the subject , and he had hoped that the business would have been taken up by some other noble lord . was proceeding to speak on the same subject , when , he was interrupted by who spoke to order . He put it to his noble friend and relation , whether it would not be more advisable to avoid any discussion upon a subject which had no connection with the motion before the house . If what had been alluded to by the noble duke should ever become the subject of a motion in that house , which he hoped would not be the case , he should then deliver his sentiments regularly upon it , but at present he conceived it to be irregularly introduced . assured his noble friend and relation , that in addressing the house upon the subject , he had been solely actuated by feelings of friendship for the gallant admiral alluded to , which he trusted would plead his excuse with the house.—The motions of lord Grenville were agreed to , nem . diss and the lord chancellor directed to communicate them to vice-admiral sir J. T. Duckworth . The bills to authorize the issue of 10½ and 1½ million of exchequer bills , were read a 3d time and passed.—The order for the committal of the bank charter bill was discharged on the motion of Mr. Vansittart , who stated that before the house 532 went into the committee , he wished to have laid on the table an account of the circumstances connected with the loan of 3 millions due by government to the bank , and lent under the act of the 39th and 40th of his majesty , together with the interest accruing on the said loan . This paper was ordered and produced accordingly . Mr. Vansittart presented , pursuant to order , a return of the amount of the funded and unfunded debt ; of the permanent revenue ; and of the interest due on exchequer bills to be paid off.—The house in a committee went through the customs