said , that the officers of excise had no interest whatever in the penalty inflicted . insisted , that they had a considerable interest in the amount of such penalties as 200l . He knew himself , he 148 said ; of an instance , where an information against a person who employed 40 workmen , without ever going before the magistrates , was sent up to the exchequer , and the person sent to prison , upon the infliction of two penalties of 200l . each . He afterwards paid these tines , and immediately discharged his 40 servants , preferring to relinquish the business , sooner than be liable to so much severity and injustice . asserted , that the dealers in malt were not under the lash of the excise-men , but of the magistrates . There was no branch of the revenue in which there were so many frauds , and so difficult to be detected . observed , that though some hardships might have beets experienced by particular individuals , yet it was well known that the very circumstance now complained of was a most abundant source of frauds upon the revenue . The pretences of snow , rain , and other accidents , seldom turned out , upon examination , to be any other than frauds attempted on the revenue . He believed he recollected the case alluded to by the hon . gent. , and , if he recollected right , the party was only subjected to one mitigated penalty ; as it appeared that the fraud was attempted by a servant , without the apparent privity of the master . It was , however , rather singular , that the servant should wantonly , and of his own accord , have ventured on a fraud , in which , as a servant , he could have had fib interest . Upon the whole , it seldom failed to be made out to the satisfaction of juries , that what was called sweating , turned out to be an actual wetting of the malt ; but , at the same time , he was ready to admit , that it might be right for the parties to have the power of appeal.—The report was ordered to be received to-morrow . pursuant to the notice which he had yesterday given , rose to submit his motion to the house , for leave to bring in a bill to enable a person holding the office of auditor of the exchequer to hold also the office of a commissioner of the treasury . The object of his bill was to legalise the holding of these two appointments , by enabling the auditor to appoint a deputy for discharging the duties of that office . He had before stated , that he entertained no doubt himself on the subject . Yet , as possibly other gentlemen might not feel as he did , it was the wish of the noble 149 lord concerned , that nothing should be withheld from the house , but that all the circumstances connected with the transaction should be before the public . But as the idea was gone abroad , that the auditor of the exchequer was a check upon the lords of the treasury , he thought it right to advert to that circumstance . The fact was , that he was not a check upon them , and it was absurd to suppose , that any officer whose appointment , was in the gift of the lords of the treasury could be any check upon them . He should hope , therefore , that no difficulty would be felt in complying with this measure . Nobody , he thought , would be of opinion that the office should be given up by the noble lord . and on that account he trusted that no objection would be felt to the bill . He had yesterday stared the case of lord Halifax in the reign of George I . In that case lord Halifax had given the auditorship nominally to his brother , whilst he virtually continued in the enjoyment