to Newgate , & c. He should only move that the serjeant at arms shall attend Mr. Trotter before the committee , whenever they shall think proper to examine him.—Agreed to . and said , that seeing a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) now in his place , he wished to ask him , at what time he intended to propose to the house his Plan , respecting the arrangements of the military establishment . He did not , he said , put this question , with a view to embarrass the government of which the right hon . gent . was now a member , but because he felt it was of high importance , that any alteration intended to be made should be known as soon as possible , since the longer such information was withheld , the greater embarrassment would arise to the service ; as those exertions which might be made by gentlemen at this sea 357 son , in different parts of the kingdom , could not be undertaken with the desirable effect , if they were to understand that new and material arrangements were to take place . He knew this to be particularly the case with respect to the militia in Ireland.—The right hon . gent . was proceeding , when to order , and observed , that the hon . member , instead of propounding a short question irregularly across the house , was proceeding into a detail , which might lead to a disorderly debate , there being no regular question before the house . agreed to the propriety of this observation . professed that his object was to state the reasons which induced him to put a question , upon a subject , with regard to which he disclaimed any intention to produce inconvenience to the right hon . gent . to whom it was addressed , but to obtain some satisfactory information , as to arrangements , in the proposition of which , he trusted , that no delay would take place which could possibly be avoided . said , he was very ready to give the right hon . gent . every satisfaction in his power , relative to the point alluded to . The right hon . gent . had , however , in asking the question , desired to know , when he meant to bring forward his Plan ? He did not understand what he meant by the words , `` his Plan . '' He had never mentioned any Plan to the house ; nor had he ever heard , that any other member had done so for him . The business of the military establishment , for the present year , had been taken up by his majesty 's ministers , immediately on their coming into office ; and it had ever since engaged their most serious , minute , and continued , attention and consideration . They had , however , found it delicate , difficult , and highly important , and as such , had not been forward to say any thing of it to the house , till they were able to bring it , among themselves , to a state of sufficient maturity , and , whenever they should find it in such a state , both their duty and inclination would lead them to lay it before the house , as speedily as the nature and importance of it would possibly admit . observed , that there stood a notice upon the votes of the house , given on the first day of the session by a right hon . gent . whom he did not now see 358 in his place ( Mr. Sheridan ) , for a motion to repeal the bill called . `` the Additional Defence Act . '' He wished to know from the friends of that right hon . gent. , in his absence , whether the repeal of that bill formed a part of the plan of military arrangement , because , if it were , it would be important the house should have a complete return