judgment , much less to direct his way . In that unprecedented situation , Mr. Pitt conducted himself in such a manner as to merit the approbation and obtain the confidence of parliament and the country . Was it , then , too much on the part of the Friends of such a man to require the proposed mark of public respect and gratitude ? or would it be consistent with the honour of parliament , or agreeable to the feelings of the country , to withhold it ? But the danger of precedent had been dwelt upon . It was contended that similar honours had been withheld from men of equally eminent abilities . A right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Windham ) had mentioned , that the splendid talents and public services of Mr. Burke gave him a much higher claim to public honours than could be asserted to belong to the character of Mr. Pitt . For the memory of Mr. Burke the noble lord professed the utmost reverence ; for the services which he had rendered his country he felt the warmest gratitude . Towards that great and meritorious individual he could not be supposed to entertain the same degree of admiration with that which was , no doubt , felt by the right hon . gent . who had the good fortune to possess the opportunity , from intimate intercourse , to observe the virtues and to appreciate the merits of that great man . But although he had not the advantage of such opportunity , still he admired sincerely and warmly the character of Mr. Burke . He conceived , however , that the character of this celebrated individual was not of such a nature as to warrant any man in bringing it into competition with that of Mr. Pitt . There were so many points of difference between the two men , that a comparison between them could not be fairly instituted . Indeed , the right hon . gent . himself must be aware , that however he might regret the circumstance , he could not persuade parliament , upon just grounds , to adjudicate to Mr. Burke the same honours that were now proposed to be done to the remains of Mr. Pitt . Differing widely , as he did from the gentlemen on the other side , as to the conduct of the recent transactions on the continent , however unfortunate the result , he could not in the slightest degree assent to the justice of the assertion , that these transactions served to abate the claims of his deceased friend to the esteem of that house and the 67 country . Quite the contrary . But into this subject he did not at present wish to enter . That would more properly come before the house at another time ; and he deprecated the idea of any man voting upon this occasion who should suffer his mind to be influenced by the contemplation of that subject , upon which but very few men at present were enabled to form a correct opinion . The documents necessary to a full understanding of the conduct of ministers would be speedily laid before the house . The means they had employed , the measures they had pursued , would be entirely made known ; and upon a full and fair review , it would be for the house to judge ; but he protested against any premature judgment . His own sentiment , he had no hesitation to say , coincided with that which the house had heard from the hon . officer who sat on the same side with him ( gen. Tarleton ) . From the most ample enquiry he was able to make , the conviction of his mind was , that the conduct of the last six months of his deceased friend 's administration evinced a series of the most splendid efforts , not only for the salvation of this country but of Europe . If these efforts had failed , he was persuaded it would appear that their failure was not the result of any fatality that