no apprehensions were then entertained on the subject ; no such motion as the present had been made . This was a convincing proof of the acquiescence of the house and of the country in the propriety of the measure . In the sixth of queen Anne , when her dissolution was apprehended , an act had been passed for establishing a regency , on that event , to continue for six weeks after her death . This 297 regency was composed of the seven great officers of state , amongst whom her chief justice Holt was one . It was not be supposed , that such a measure would have been passed without his concurrence . It was fair , therefore , to infer , that his authority was in favour of the measure , though he died before queen Anne ; and chief justice Parker became , on her majesty 's death , one of the justices . He was afterwards appointed one of the confidential advisers of his majesty George I . The authority of that justice too was in its favour . By the statute of the 24th of George II . chap . 24. which was passed in contemplation of a minority , a regency was appointed , composed of five persons , with extraordinary powers . If the majority did not agree to the measure , parliament could neither be assembled nor dissolved , neither the question of peace or war decided . The chief justice was one of the commissioners of regency , and yet no jealousy was felt on the subject . The act too , if it had taken immediate effect , would not have been of short duration , his present majesty 's age being at that time 13 years . The next instance of an act of this nature , was in the 5th of his present majesty , for the appointment of a council of regency ; and as the act was passed in contemplation of the possibility of an indisposition which his present majesty laboured under at that time , terminating fatally ; if that event had taken place , the regency would have had a long continuance , as the present prince of Wales was then but three years of age ; and it was to be recollected that this measure passed , notwithstanding the effects of an opposition that afterwards overturned the administration , and after the same gracious measure which his majesty had recommended for the security of the independence of the Judges . Yet no one of the very ingenious men who composed the opposition of that day , started a question respecting the jealousy that was at this time sought to be promulgated . If there was any trust to be reposed therefore ; if there was any sacred trust to be conferred ; if there was any degree of confidence of a peculiar nature to be placed in any person , the house would resort to the noble lord , who was the object of the present motion , in place of exciting amongst the subjects of the country a distrust in the administration of justice . It should be recollected , that this was the first time that such an effect had been as- 298 cribed to such a measure . When it was considered , that the measure then under discussion had received the sanction of so many reverend , learned , and upright Judges ; when it was recollected , that it had been acted upon in the best periods of our history , and that now for the first time it was asserted , that the calling to the advice of his majesty such a nobleman as the object of this motion , a man of such talents , knowledge , experience , and wisdom , would have the effect of corrupting the administration of justice ; he implored the house not to remove a nobleman of such integrity and independence , who had reached one of the highest offices in his profession , to whom only one step more remained to be ascended , and who