, was the object of his confidence ; and he did hope , that the present administration , though he could not say that he approved of the appointment of particular individuals to the departments they occupied , would be entitled to his confidence , because he saw that there was one great ruling spirit , one presiding soul , to guide , controul , and direct its measures . As a war minister , he could not approve of the right hon . gent. , and he was sure that the opinion of nine-tenths of the nation was with him . If he judged of him according to a standard which had been recommended in another instance , by estimating the future by the past , he saw no reason to be satisfied with him in his -present-situation . The right hon . gent . wished to nourish that fine tree , the regular army , and to do so by clearing away all the rub- 465 bish , for that had been one of his plans . Another reason why he could not give his confidence to him was , a declaration made by himself , and which , without such declaration , he could impute to no man , that he had sat nine years in a Cabinet , though he disapproved of all its measures during that period , excepting the war . utterly denied the declarations that had been imputed to him . He had inveighed against the measure of the parish bill , without pledging himself to bring forward any specific measure in its place . That he had agreed during the nine years of his former administration with his colleagues in office in nothing but the war , he utterly denied having said . The war had been the basis on which he had gone into power , and was what he had regarded as the bond of union with that administration . Whether that conduct was right or not , it was not now a proper time to discuss . said , he gave credit to the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , for that open and manly enmity which he had so early and pointedly marked to the present administration : he admitted also the kindness of the noble lord who professed , in a manner which one would be inclined to consider as rather a little insidious , that it was not his wish to press the right hon . secretary to premature explanations upon the plans in contemplation . Indeed he had said , that it would be highly imprudent for the right hon . gent . to disclose any part of those plans , and yet the whole of his speech was composed of questions purposely directed to extort that disclosure . The anxiety of the noble lord seemed particularly manifested by his curiosity to know what was to be done with the Additional Force bill , and by his extreme solicitude , lest the same penalties and embarrassing exactions , to which one part of the country had been subjected , should not be extended to all the rest ? He begged it , however , to be recollected , that the omission of raising men in those parishes , was not owing to neglect , but to impossibility ; and that by much the greater number of them were unable to pay the fines they had thereby incurred . Rigorously to exact those fines would be a curious expedient , to prevent vexation in one part of the country , and of jealousy in another . The right hon . gent . who spoke last , was uneasy lest the Volunteers should take alarm at present suspence , as to what measures 466 were to be adopted respecting them . He had the honour to be a Volunteer , and he , for his part , felt no such alarm , and he was confident also that no such alarm could be felt by the Volunteers in general , as friends to their country , in consequence of any uncertainty under