the affairs , and the exhausted state of the finances , of the East-India company are now confessed and allowed : and when we know that the company is now reduced to the necessity of coming to us to give them aid and relief , and we hear that they are most unwilling to bring any charge against lord Wellesley , and abstain , not because they do not condemn his policy , but because they think well of his intentions , it is not surprising that others , less placable than these gentlemen , should now and then in the course of debate express sentiments of disapprobation at his conduct.—The noble bart . says this is attacking the noble lord by a side-wind . I do not agree with him . I do not think it is fair to complain of so natural a proceeding . Sir ; after the length to which this debate has run , I shall not add any more . I have been called up by the observations of the hon . bart . and I was glad to have an opportunity of noticing the universal expression of dissatisfaction from all sides of the house at the conduct of lord Wellesley . rose to explain . With respect to sir G. Barlow , he observed , that whatever part he had taken in the measures of marquis Wellesley , was not inconsistent with the system he was now to pursue . The two Mahratta wars had come on so rapidly , that it was impossible to have any opinion upon them from this country . He was at present in possession of the opinion of his superiors , and had honestly declared his determination to act in conformity with it . Whatever other gentlemen might think upon the subject , he was himself convinced , that there was nothing dishonourable in the part that gentleman took in the mea- 400 sures of the marquis Wellesley 's administration . The hon . director , before he sat down , said , he could not help bearing his testimony to the rectitude of the principles and conduct of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) , not only in Bengal , but in Enggland . in explanation , said : —Sir , I am obliged to the worthy direct for the testimony he has borne to the rectitude of my principles and conduct , not only in Bengal , but in England , that is , with respect to the government of India , and the true interests of the India company . In fact , however , he has done more than I asked , or expected of him . The appeal I made to him , related solely and expressly to my labours and sufferings in India , and not to my merits at home or abroad . Of the former he was an eye-witness : no man has a higher opinion of his moral character than I have . On the facts in question , there can not be a more competent witness , nor any human evidence less to be suspected . was of opinion that the policy , the measures , and the whole of the system acted upon by lord Wellesley , were wise and highly beneficial , and when the subject came under discussion , he should be ready to state the grounds upon which he thought the services of that noble lord entitled him to the gratitude of the house and of the country . rose to express his thanks to the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) for consenting to the production of the papers . He was glad to find that the court of directors were disposed to support the present system begun by lord Cornwallis , and that his right hon . friend retained his former sentiments on this subject . He remarked upon the difference which was known to prevail as to the system of government which ought to be acted upon in India , between the opinions formerly expressed by some of the present ministers , and the