as from the negative of the question which had been put to the Judges , yet he thought the mischiefs resulting from the negative of it considerably predominated . He therefore now considered , that the general rule of law was , that a witness was bound to answer questions , although he might become liable to a civil action in consequence of his answers . coincided with his learned brother ( Mr. Justice Grose ) in his opinion , that a witness was not bound to answer questions which might materially affect his pecuniary interest . He did not apprehend such evil consequences from this rule , as those who held an opinion contrary to his . Prosecutors and plaintiffs seldom came into court so badly provided with testimony , as to rely entirely on what they were to pick up by cross-exami 239 nation from an unwilling witness . Neither did he think that they would decline answering on a pretence of their pecuniary interest being endangered , if , upon examination , it appeared that their interest was very minute . He thought a much greater danger would result from allowing a hasty answer , unexplained , and perhaps incorrectly taken down , to be read as conclusive evidence at a trial . There was a case determined against this doctrine , but he thought it was an extreme hard case . It was that of lord Keith , who , by an answer he gave in an insurance cause , where he was called as a witness , subjected himself to an action , in which 10,000l . damages were given against him . No court of equity could have compelled him to state every irregularity he might lave committed when commander in chief of a fleet , and yet a hasty answer at Nisi Prius was given as evidence against him . He considered that evils of this kind were worse than would follow from the rule being the other way . As to the courts of equity , whatever analogies might be drawn , he did not consider that judges of the common law were bound to go into the court of chancery to find out what rules of evidence were received there . In the whole of his practice at the bar , and of his experience on the bench , he considered that witnesses might object to being examined on matters that would expose them to civil actions . He thought that no third person had a right to extort from a witness what debts he owed , what slanders he might have spoken , or what trespasses he might have committed , which would expose him to actions . If that were the rule , it would change the whole practice of the law , as dishonest practitioners would bring actions against one person , merely to extort evidence against another . He , therefore , was of opinion , that a witness was not bound to answer questions which would prejudice his pecuniary interests , and expose him to civil actions.—After Mr. Justice Rooke had finished , the further hearing of the Judges was postponed till to-morrow . A message from the lords requested the attendance of the house at their lordships ' bar , where the royal assent was given by commission to the exchequer bills act , lady Nelson 's and sir R. Strachan 's annuity act —Lord Temple brought in a 240 bill for enabling the vessels employed in the Greenland whale fishery to complete their crews ; which was read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time on Monday.—The secretary at war brought in a bill to enable his majesty to employ a greater number of foreign troops . Read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time on Monday.—A petition of the president and members of the board of agriculture was presented to the house , and read ; setting forth , `` that his majesty having been pleased , in consequence of an address from this house , to constitute , by letters patent under