moved for , and laid before this house : it may be said also , that in effect the paper has been answered in the reasons which the board of commissioners gave for rejecting it . But a stronger answer to the objection may be found in the fact , that a paper under the same circumstances has been moved for , and ordered without objection or discussion . The case was this : the court of directors imagined that the act of the 33d of the king , in the whole of the spirit of it , but more literally and expressly in the 57th clause , rendered it for a governor , 815 to appoint to any civil office under the crown , any person not a covenanted servant of the company , and that even of those servants , no one who had not been 12 years actually resident in India , could be appointed to any place of which the emoluments exceeded 4,000l . per annum . Proceeding on this idea , the court of directors framed a dispatch , censuring and annulling as illegal , the appointment of a gentleman not in the service , to be deputy governor of Oude . The board of controul rejected the dispatch , and wrote letter to the court of directors , justifying the appointment as legal and proper . Copies both of the rejected dispatch , and of the answer from the board of commissioners , were moved for in this house , and I think by a member of the late board of commissioners , and were ordered without any objection I am not aware of any objection to the production of the paper now moved for , that was not applicable to the production of the other . On these grounds , sir , I think it right to support the present motion for papers , as I have done every former motion made for India papers when I have been present in the house , in order that every information that can be derived from papers relating to transactions , in the consequences of which the public is deeply interested , may be fully and impartially before the house . declared that it was with regret he heard that such a motion as the present was to be made ; and more especially that it was to be made by two persons for whom he had a great respect ( Mr. Huddlestone and Mr. R. Thornton ) . But the pain which he felt was not a little increased when he found it was to be made by the noble lord near him ( Hamilton ) for whom he had the highest esteem , whose personal regard he would wish to conciliate , and with whom he would always desire to cultivate a political connection ; for to him that noble lord 's ideas respecting the constitution , and his sentiments on political subjects in general , appeared to rest on principles so just , and well founded , that it gave him the greatest concern to differ from him , even in the application of those principles to any particular point . But he thought that the present question ought to be considered with a view to the judicial enquiry about to come before the house , and therefore our attention ought to be directed to justice alone . Now , viewing the matter in this light , he could not reconcile 816 it to his mind that the papers called for by his noble friend were not manifestly and grossly unjust . His noble friend seemed to admit that it would be improper to produce them as a ground of crimination against lord Wellesley , and he was glad that he coincided with him even thus far ; but let us consider whether they would not operate against him in an unjust and oppressive manner . First , he might contend that these papers were not strictly official : but suppose they were , was the character of a man , under accusation , to be weighed down even by official papers