their opinions , they had neither convinced him nor excited any doubt in his mind.—In the latter part of his speech , his hon . friend had touched upon a most important subject , which it was not then a proper time to discuss . It might and would , however , hereafter be a fit subject for consideration . He was certain that the right hon . gent . who established this system , had some such period in his contemplation at some future day . Whilst in a state of war , the subject could not well be discussed by them . When the country should be in a situation of greater prosperity , in the enjoyment of peace , it might be proper , on a consideration of the state of the debt , of the amount of the Sinking Fund , and of the other circumstances of the country , to fix some limit ; after which , the progress of the fund should be applied to the reduction of the public burthens . Another argument of his hon . friend , which was not distinguished for his usual accuracy , was , that a part of the sinking fund might be applied to the service of the present year . Why , he argued , should the fund be continued at 8 millions , when at 7 millions it would and had before kept the 3 per cents at 60 ? But , was the debt the same at the time when the fund it 7 millions kept the 3 per cents at 60 ? It was his opinion that if any part of the linking Fund should be diverted from its Present application , the 3 per cents could not be kept up to their present value . In general the house was disposed to indulge in great exultation when on the subject of our finances . For his own part , he was not disposed to give way to such feelings . He was sensible that our situation was one of great difficulty . They were in a situation to suffer heavy burthens themselves , and to impose them upon others . As to what his hon . friend had said about the provision for the poor , he thought it a subject deserving of investigation . That provision was proof that there was Something wrong in , he system , that every thing was not exactly square , but did not warrant the deduction of the hon . gent . As to the remedy minted out by his hon . friend , he perfectly agreed with him in his views on that subject , except that he did not think it the only remedy . He could see no reason why the issues in specie should not be resumed . He knew not what was intended on that head , but he must hear much stronger arguments than he had ever before heard , or 613 his opinion would remain unaltered . He had thus gone through all the general topics touched upon by his hon . friend . As to what he had stated with respect to the property tax , he should only say , that his own great objection , and one which he had last year urged , was against the gradual increase of it . He thought it far better , that at the commencement of a war it should be carried to the full amount to which it would be necessary to carry it , than to increase it gradually . As he was on the subject of the war taxes , he should add , that the present administration found the system in effect . It would be madness in them to overturn it . It was his favourite plan , that at the commencement of a war , whatever war taxes should be thought necessary or desirable in the circumstances of the country , should be imposed at once for 4 or 5 years , to ascertain their operation , and not be raised from year to year . In this view the property