year , but arose from deficiencies that had been regularly carried forward from year to year , and the amount of which had been , in most years , increased by additional items ; though at the present time , they were not larger than the outstanding demands of last year . expressed his apprehensions that neither the financial estimates of the noble lord would be so productive , nor the expences of the war so limited as his statements alleged . He well remembered that , in a former year of the war , a right hon . gent . now a noble peer ( lord Sidmouth ) had stated to the house , that , under the aid of the sinking fund , the , war might be carried on at an annual expence of 27 millions , without additional burthens on the country ; and yet experience had shown , that it exceeded that estimate by nearly 20 millions . He observed , that the debate of this night was for the most part a debate of paradoxes ; but the most extraordinary of them all was the argument of the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Fox ) in respect to the property tax , namely , that the people would be better pleased to carry up the impost to what he was pleased to call `` its natural limits , '' and be taxed ten per cent . at once , than have the charge gradually increased every year ; but he believed , if the right hon . gent . had spoken this night from that side of the house where he had been so long in the habit of maintaining other opinions , even with the whole force of his great talents , and all his powers of eloquence , he would have found the strength of language sinking under his exertions , in ridiculing such an argument coming from any minister to whom he might have been opposed . to express his astonishment at what had fallen from the hon . member , in allusion to a declaration made upon a former occasion by a noble relation of his , not now present to defend himself ; more especially as he recollected that to a similar mistake of that hon . gent . upon the very same ground , his noble relation had given an explanation totally different , and such as he conceives satisfactory , and corrective to the hon . gent . 's mistake . On the contrary , his noble relation had said , that if the expences of the war did not exceed 27 millions a year , that then he should be enabled still to continue the reduction of the public debt by continuing the annual contribution to the sinking fund , without any additional burthen on the country . But it was impossible for him to say what should be the limits of expenditure in a war of such indefinite magnitude . made no opposition to the taxes proposed , but thought one argument of a right hon . secretary , in respect to the property tax , rather extraordinary , and the very reverse of what he always conceived to be that right hon . gent . 's opinion of that tax . He had always understood him to have been averse to the tax altogether , and thought he recollected him to have called it '' an inquisitionary tax , '' or some such epithet . He understood him last year as having violently opposed a small increase of the tax ; but never till that night , did he understand the right hon . gent . 's objection to that increase , merely because it was too small ; or to the tax itself , only because it was not doubled in the first instance , in order thus to render it more acceptable to the people . begged the noble chancellor of the exchequer , to explain one expression in his statement , on a former night , respecting the subsidiary treaty , which he stated to be so complex and indefinite