little wish to be 20 years older as myself . As to the injury likely to result to the constitution , from the introduction of a chief justice into the Cabinet , I think the bill of the present reign , which establishes the independence of the judges , and which bears on the face of it the mark of having been the suggestion of lord Mansfield , is a sufficient answer to that apprehension.—But I now come to the specific objections made to a chief justice of the court of King 's Bench sitting in the Cabinet. , Now , the first relates to libels ; but in reply to this , I shall only say , that I never heard of such a thing as the propriety of prosecuting for a libel being at all agitated in a Cabinet council ; I never witnessed any thing of the kind , and I do not find from any of those who were in the Cabinet during the period when many prosecutions took place , that the subject of such prosecutions was ever discussed there . Sure I am , that no such discussion ought to take place there . The consideration of questions of that nature properly belonged to the office of the secretary for the home department , with whom it rested to give orders to the attorney general to prosecute.—But , the case of treason has been alluded to . Upon , however , questions of this kind , lord Ellenborough is as liable to be summoned to attend the Cabinet as privy counsellor , as he is in his present situation . But , I contend , that he is likely to he seriously prepossessed by such previous examination as the magistrates are , who commit prisoners , or as the judges of the King 's Bench are , when they grant an information upon the affidavit of one of the parties , without sending the charge to the grand juries . I have , however , no hesitation in saying , that when a subject of high treason comes on for discussion in the Cabinet , which may be afterwards brought to trial in the court of King 's Bench , the absence of the noble lord who is the subject of this debate from any such discussion would be most becoming . I should certainly feel it right to absent myself upon such an occasion , if in the circumstances of the noble lord . But , how many are the subjects connected with war and peace , with our commerce and finances , upon which a lord chief jus- 318 tice may be consulted without exciting the slightest jealousy or objection ? On these points , however , it is said , you must not consult him , because if you do , you make him a politician ; and pray do gentlemen forget , that by the very oath of a privy counsellor , the chief justice binds himself to give such advice ? If , however , you interdict him , as the advocates of the motion propose , what do you mean to do with him ? We have heard of the dinner placed before Sancho Panca : if he wished for fish , that was objected to ; and if he wished for meat , an objection was started also ; so , between the objections , poor Sancho had no dinner at all . Just in a similar manner do the friends of the motion propose to deal with lord Ellenborough . The noble lord is made a privy counsellor , but yet he is not to be consulted upon points of law , lest his mind as a judge should be prepossessed ; nor is he to be consulted on points of state , lest he should be made a politician . Thus it was proposed to destroy his functions as a privy counsellor altogether.—The right hon . gent . returned to the subject of the illegal incompatibility of the judicial and legislative functions , and asserted that such incompatibility was never known to have been rigidly