the trouble to suggest . felt no desire to object to the motions ; though , as they now stood worded , he did not well conceive how a satisfactory return could be made in consequence of them . Much would turn on the word `` effective ; '' and a return in that view by the Inspecting Officer . The volunteer force should not be considered in the same light , or under the same regulations as our regular force . He himself , was an officer of Volunteers , and a member of parliament ; but in neither capacity 592 did he know , that the efficiency of a volunteer corps depended upon the return of an Inspecting Officer . In the parliamentary sense of the word `` efficient , '' as applied to a volunteer , all those were efficient , who had attended the number of days prescribed by the act of parliament , whether among those days of attendance was the day of inspection or not . The Inspecting Officer had no authority to compel the Volunteers of any corps to attend on such days , and it might happen , that fewer attended on the day of inspection than on ordinary days . Besides there were many reasons and circumstances , which when duly weighed , would , he was sure , dissuade the noble lord from pressing his motion in these words ; for it would be imposssible for any Inspecting Officer to make any return respecting the greater or less number of efficient men , otherwise than by giving his opinion that such a particular corps was better disciplined than another . The noble lord would also recollect that the Irish Volunteer System was very different in its formation from that which prevailed in Great Britain . To make the same order for both must therefore be productive of confusion , and render it impossible to make any satisfactory return . He hoped , therefore , the noble lord would so word his motion , as to include only Great Britain , and to omit the return by the Inspecting Officer . observed , that there might be such an infinite variety of shades of difference between the greater or less degree of perfection in discipline in this or that Volunteer Corps , that it would be utterly impossible to make any general return according to the word `` efficient , '' in the sense in which he supposed the noble lord to understand it . could see no difficulty in making the return , but he was still willing to adopt the amendment suggested , to omit Ireland , and to move only for the amount of the number of volunteers during the years he had mentioned , stating also the number that had been returned as efficient . —The question was then put on the motions so amended , and agreed to . after adverting to the intention of a noble lord , below him , to bring in a bill relative to this subject , made some observations with respect to the magnitude and importance of the subject , of which it formed a part . He al 593 luded to the opinions he had thrown out last session upon the particular topic to which his noble friend 's . bill proposed to refer , and expressed his opinion , that further documents . were necessary to bring the true state of the subject before the house . His lordship concluded by moving for a variety of accounts of that description , as , the number of British ships , the tonnage thereof , and the number of men , engaged in the trade between Great Britain and the West Indies , & c. from the year 1790 to 1804 , inclusive ; and several other documents ; which , after a few words from lord Sheffield , were ordered to be laid before the house . then rose to make his promised motion , which he prefaced by entering into several details . By the navigation acts of Charles II . and William III . all trade to