could stay in no longer ; thus it was the most shocking thing that the chief justice should know any particulars of a charge before it appeared on an indictment in court . Did not the hon . and learned gent . remember , very recently , in our history , that the chief justice of the common pleas , sir James Eyre , attended in the Cabinet , in the complicated case of high treason , charged against Mr. Hardy and others ; and after being so consulted ; that learned judge was put at the head of the commission , although by his advice they were accused and brought to trial ? The nature of the situation of a chief justice rendered him a political , as well as a judicial character . Would not every man in the kingdom be surprised , if he were told that a late attorney-general had refused the office of chief justice , because he had mixed himself too much in state affairs ? but it would appear yet more extraordinary , if a gentleman in that situation , not feeling such a repugnance to the high office , should support with so much 337 energy the separation of the judicial character . These hints were rather thrown out for the private reflection of the hon . and learned gent . than for the general attention of the house . The principle contended from on the other side of the house , if right , ought to be carried to its full extent ; and a chief justice ought neither to be a privy counsellor nor a peer of parliament . Was this high officer to be placed in a state of monastic seclusion , lest , by meddling with the affairs of the world , the purity of his habits should be violated ? As early as the time of Edward III . conservators of the realm were appointed , and the chief justice was one of the four nominated . The constitution on various important occasions seemed to look to the chief justice as to the rock on which the national security should be founded . With regard to the inconvenience which was supposed might arise from the responsibility of the chief justice , in his political character , as a cabinet minister ; he had no such liability , and therefore no such disadvantage could accrue . The right hon . gent . concluded with expressing his concern at sustaining with so little propriety and dignity his new character ; and the house would excuse him , if , with such short notice , he had not learned his part . began by observing , that he should speak with great seriousness on a topic on which the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , had touched with his usual jocoseness ; and declared that it gave him real pain to be under the necessity of taking a part that night , which might perhaps be construed into a disposition to oppose the new government . To enter into systematic opposition as a party man , was contrary alike to his principles and his feelings , and he could sincerely assure his majesty 's ministers that he wished to support them , and that it would give him pleasure if their measures should be such as to enable him to gratify this inclination . But the present occasion was one on which he felt it his indispensable duty to support the motion of his hon . friend below him ( Mr. Stanhope ) ; and he must say , that notwithstanding his admiration of the uncommon talents which had been exhibited by the right hon . gent . opposite to him ( Mr. Fox ) , who had also been very ably supported by the noble lord ( lord Henry Petty ) the real strength , the plain common sense of the question remained utterly unshaken , and it would be impossible for 338 any considerate man to deny , that the appointment of the first criminal Judge to a place in his majesty 's