, which , as they were already made out , would not create any delay . After a few words from Mr. Jeffery , who wished to give every accommodation in his power , that would not preclude him from bringing forward his charge in the present session , and from lord Howick , the several papers were ordered.—Mr . Fox appeared at the bar , with a Message from his majesty , which was ordered to be brought up , and was read by the speaker as usual . It was the same as that presented to the house of lords . See p. 806.—On the motion of Mr. Fox , this message was ordered to be taken into consideration the next day . He then moved for the production of several papers on this subject , which were afterwards laid before the house . rose , in consequence of the notice which he had previously given , of a motion for a paper containing the opinion of the court of directors relative to the transactions in India , during the administration of lord Wellesley . Before he proceeded to make his motion , he hoped the house would allow him to preface it by a few preliminary observations . He first apologised for himself in taking up this business , but he was placed in this situation by the hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Huddlestone ) having abandoned his original intention of moving for this paper . He disclaimed all idea of moving for it with a view to its being made aground of charge or a point of evidence against lord Wellesley . Much as he disapproved of the system upon which that noble lord acted , he had no intention of this kind . There would be sufficient opportunity afterwards for his declaring his opinion on that subject . His object moving for this paper then 811 was , to make it a ground of charge against the late board of controul , and the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) who presided there . If it appeared afterwards that the proceedings of that board had been just and proper , nobody could be more ready to acknowledge his error than he would be ; but , unless he was very much mistaken indeed , it would turn out that there were good grounds of charge against them . The noble lord had , year after year , gone on stating that the affairs of India were in a condition of the highest prosperity . The directors now said that they were on the brink of ruin . One or other must be mistaken , and his object was , to ascertain which statement was correct , and to whom the evils that had fallen upon India were to be attributed , supposing that the opinion of the directors was well founded . This he considered as a very proper subject of deliberation for the house . The dispatch of the court of directors to the government of Bengal , disapproving of the system that had been pursued , had been submitted to the late board of controul , and was withheld by them . The directors were at the same time obliged to sign a dispatch contradicting their real sentiments , and approving those very measures which they considered as pernicious . Was the noble lord prepared to own himself the author of the awkward and unpleasant situation in which the directors were thus placed ? What share of such a measure would he take upon himself , and what would he ascribe to others ? He called the attention of the house to the state of the unfortunate directors , who had a dispatch forced upon them , contradictory to what was their real opinion , and this a dispatch which was afterwards laid before the house as a statement of their real sentiments . This was the effect of that system for the government of India which had been so much opposed by his right hon . friend ( Mr.Fox ) , and which , had his bill been adopted , would