plans of reform , and regeneration , which he opened to us generally on the former night ; and the first statement of which , I am sure , has created impressions rather of alarm and anxiety ; that of that undoubting confidence , which should induce us to forego whatever security we now possess , in order to trust entirely to what the rt . hon . gent . may provide for us hereafter.—I say , sir , that the effect of the present measure , as proposed by the rt . hon . gent. , and as coupled with the system which he has projected , is to repeal not the enactments of this particular bill , the Additional Force bill , only , but the principle on which that , and every other measure of our home defence , is founded , that principle of compulsory service , which has in all times been found necessary , in some shape and degree or other , to the maintenance of the military establishments , not of this country only but of every country in the world.—Indeed the rt . hon . gent . himself makes no secret of his own views upon this subject . He told us plainly at the outset of his statement , that the compulsory principle might work well enough in despotic states , where the government was enabled at once to lay its hand upon the people : but that in countries like this , where personal freedom and civil liberty were established , where even the necessities of the state were not allowed to overbear the consideration due to the protection of the individual , —here , where com- 971 pulsion must be modified by law , the operation of that principle became so indirect and circuitous , there was so much lost by the friction of the machinery , that the result , was scarcely worth the trouble . He would therefore have none of it . He would do it away altogether . He would trust Wholly to voluntary enrolment . He would have nothing else to fill and to keep up the whole of our military establishment . And in this great change the house is called upon by its vote this night to sanction and assist the rt . hon . gent 's . projects.—It is some consolation to find that the rt . hon . gent. , after all the lamentable descriptions which he has been in the habit of giving of the dilapidated state of our military establishments , does think this a time , of sufficient leisure and security , to entertain an experiment upon so large a scale and of such doubtful consequences . This he surely would . not do , if he were not satisfied that we are at least protected against any immediate danger . He does not himself propose or promise any very sudden effect from the adoption of his plans . The improvements are to be gradual , the advantages remote . But how , sir , if while we are waiting for those remote advantages , in contemplation of which we shall have thrown away the sure and tried in measure , which we have already in our possession , any sudden emergency should arise to call for an immediate and rapid augmentation of our military force ? I do not Mean the emergency of an invasion : that I know the rt . hon . gent . will tell us , he has provided for in another part of his plan , ( how effectually , and with what consistency with his general and favourite principle , is matter for separate consideration ) , but such an emergency as the beginning of a war as the beginning of the present war , or instance , when our establishments were low , ( and that they were still lower was not the fault of one of the rt . hon . secretaries opposite ( Mr. Fox ) , who contended strenuously for their further diminution ) , what , I say , will be the situation of the