will the lot be , to propose in a few days a large augmentation of the public burthens . If I may be allowed to feel more than any other man the importance of convincing the public that their money is rightly applied , and that their burthens should not 546 be unnecessarily increased , it must be my anxious wish that every species of enquiry should take place , that they shall see their interests are upheld . With respect to the case of the noble lord , it is highly essential to their interests , that the utmost notoriety and publicity should be given to the trial , in order that they may have an opportunity of attending it , to witness their interests protected and discussed . They will likewise have the satisfaction of knowing , should the noble lord be acquitted , that the grounds of the clamours raised against those who support the enquiry are totally false . They will have this satisfaction , and they will also have the satisfaction of seeing ample justice done to the noble lord 's character . So much for the subject of public expence . With respect to the subject of the expence to the noble lord , that may , either in the event of acquittal or condemnation , be a fit object of future discussion . The noble lord wished for all confide-ration of that nature to be deferred . The first object was the attainment of substantial justice in the most clear and public manner that would be obtained by a trial in Westminster-hall , and he was consequently impelled to vote for the motion of his hon . friend . declared that he was one of those who preferred the mode of trial by impeachment in preference to that in the court of King 's Bench , because he thought the peculiar situation and dignity of the noble lord required it : but he was also of opinion that the object of the house would be much better and more effectually attained by prosecuting at the bar of the house of lords , than by proceeding with tedious forms and ceremonies in Westminster-hall . In advancing that opinion , he was supported by the result of the trial of lord Macclesfield , which was concluded in 21 days from its commencement . With this precedent on the one side in favour of the trial at the bar of their lordships , and that of Mr. Hastings against a trial at Westminster-hall , he thought that few men could hesitate to make a choice , or decide which mode was more eligible . His reason for thinking that the trial at the bar of the lords would be more public was , that every person might go into the house of lords , when the doors were open , without special permission ; but every member in the house must know , that no person but a member of either house of parliament could attend the proceedings at Westminster-hall , without the 547 admission or leave of a peer . The noble lord ( H. Petty ) had mentioned his feelings and anxiety in being obliged to impose taxes ; the noble lord had also lamented the difficulties which surrounded him ; he was as sensible as any man of those difficulties , which he knew to be very great ; but he was also sure that the country possessed resources fully adequate to meet all difficulties , dangers , and emergencies : and with that impression on his mind , he did not think there was any room for gloom or despondency . in explanation , said , that he had not spoken in gloomy language of the financial prospects of the country . He had said , that the country could only be ruined by a want of principle in those who directed its resources . said , he felt a due sense of the decorous conduct of the hon . gent . who commenced the debate , and should be ready to take every opportunity of acknowledging it . The hon .