right hon . friend , a project was not only in contemplation for the establishment of effectual checks , such as those now proposed , on the expenditure of public money in the ordnance department , and in every other public office , as professedly intended by the noble lord , but that the plan had really been long acted upon , and only awaited an opportunity of parliamentary regulation , under a bill in the contemplation of his right hon . friend.—The clauses were then read and agreed to , and added to the bill . The Committee of Privileges sat some time on the claim of the duke of Clarence to vote as a peer of Ireland in the election of representative peers for that country , but strangers were excluded.—Mr . Hawthorne brought up from the Commons the 1,500,000l . and 10,500,000l . Exchequer Bills bills , the Spirits Excise Duties bill , the Irish Common Lands Partition bill , and the Felons ' Transportation bill , which were read a first time.—Lord Radnor moved , that the proper officer do lay before the house , Copies of the Enrolment of any Patent of Peerage in Ireland , granted since the Union with Great Britain and Ireland ; which was ordered . and several other members of the commons , presented at the bar , in the name of the commons of the United Kingdom , a Replication to the Answer of Henry lord Melville , declaring that the said lord Melville is guilty of the high crimes and misdemeanours charged against him in the Articles of Impeachment , and that the commons are ready to prove same . The Replication having been read at the table , earl Fitzwilliam moved , that a day be appointed for the trial of Henry lord Melville : that the trial of the said lord Melville take place at the bar of the house , on the 29th of April next , at 11 in the forenoon ; and that a message be sent to the commons to acquaint them therewith , and require them to appoint a committee to manage the impeachment ; all which motions were agreed to , after a few words from the earl of Radnor respecting a point of form . said he had requested a noble and learned friend to move 530 yesterday , that their lordships should be summoned for this day , in order that he might submit to them a motion for a Vote of Thanks , on account of our late success in the West Indies , respecting which he did not conceive there could be any difference of opinion . It was scarcely necessary , indeed , to make any comment upon the subject , or any preface to his motion . A series of the most splendid achievements had raised the character of our navy to the highest point of pre-eminence , whilst they proved the unrivalled skill and valour of our officers , and the irresistible bravery of our seamen . The victory recently obtained by sir J. T. Duckworth in the West Indies , evinced that the gallantry and skill of our officers , and the bravery of our seamen , were undiminished . A circumstance had attended this success which very seldom happened any of our victorious contests with the enemy , that we had a trifling superiority of force , but this could not in the least take away from the brilliancy of the victory , or the merit of those by whom it was achieved . Every thing had been done that could be effected ; every thing had been done that was admitted of by the possibility of the case . The enemy 's force consisted of 5 ships of the line , and 5 ships of the line were taken and destroyed . He was one of those who thought that the thanks of the house ought not to be given except in those cases where such a vote was called for by great and exalted merit ; that so high an honour ought only to be granted where it was