and probably objectionable in some other respects , it might meet with considerable obstruction and opposition in another place . allowed , that the lords might possibly object to this article , as not having received it before the defendant had put in his reply to the former articles . But undoubtedly , if the lords should be of opinion that a fresh article of impeachment could not be exhibited , and should refuse to receive it , it certainly was competent to the house , on the discovery of fresh crimes , to prefer an altogether fresh impeachment . Not only the reason of the thing , but motives of convenience to both houses , would , be trusted , induce their lordships to adopt a different determination . The motion was agreed to . On the motion of the Secretary at War , the house resolved itself into a committee on the Army Estimates . said , he understood , that the estimates now on the table were merely a continuation of those laid before the house by the former ministers . He thought it extraordinary that the new ministers had not yet brought forward their own plans for the defence of the country , particularly as the declarations of a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) , on the Defence Act , and the volunteer system , must operate unfavourably on each of them , and thus tend to diminish our effective force , while nothing else was substituted in their place . After all the activity which that right hon . gent . had displayed in his speeches , and all the plans which he had given grounds to expect , nothing had yet been produced . replied , that the rapidity and decision advised by the hon . general might be proper in the field , but not in the cabinet . All delay must be viewed as relative to the object to be accomplished . Considerable alterations in various and complicated departments of the public service , required deliberation proportioned to their magnitude and importance . He objected to gentlemen calling for plans from him , as the frequenters of the theatre called for an entertainment . He did not feel disposed to indulge them , and their impatience should never provoke him to lay any thing before the house that seemed to himself immature . contended that justice had not been done to the Defence act . Early in the session a notice had been given of a motion for its repeal ; and a measure which could only be carried into effect by great exertions , was paralysed by this threatened repeal . at War repeated the observation which he made on presenting the army estimates , and concluded with moving the following resolutions , which were agreed to : 1 . `` That the number of 134,473 effective men be granted for the service of his majesty , from the 25th of March to the 24th of May inclusive : 2 . That 795,460l . be granted to his majesty , for guards and garrisons for that period : 3 . That 336,693l . be granted to his majesty for foreign garrisons for the same period . `` —The house having been resumed , the report was ordered to be received on Monday . accompanied by several members of the commons , presented at the bar , in the name of the commons of the united kingdom , the further article of impeachment against lord Melville . The article was read at the table ; after which lord Auckland moved that it be referred to the committee appointed to search for precedents of the proceedings of that house on cases of Impeachment.—Ordered . on presenting a petition from certain debtors confined in the King 's Bench , praying relief , addressed a few observations to the house , on the subject of Insolvent Debtors , and the practice of imprisoning such debtors . He observed , that the general subject to which the petition he had the ho- 369 nour to present , partially referred , was one