disapproved the political occurrences which had led to the treaty of assignment with Azeem ul Dowlah in 1801 , or because they thought the title of the East-India co. to the revenues of the Carnatic to be wrongful , would therefore unsettle the system which had been established nearly 5 years , and restore things to the status quo , as before the treaty of 1801 , such gentlemen could entertain no objection to this measure ; because , as soon as their favourite scheme of restitution was accomplished , the deed of covenants was , by a special proviso , to become null and void . Nay , such gentlemen must rather approve the deed ; for , being desirous to place the revenues in the possession of the Nabob , they must be glad that such a portion of the Carnatic revenues was from year to year to be applied , not to British purposes , but to the concerns of the Nabob . If due attention were paid to the consideration that the fund was to cease 732 when the East-India co. had no longer possession of the Carnatic revenue , gentlemen would see that it was not now the time to argue the general questions , whether the musnud of the Carnatic was forfeited by the conduct of Wallak Jah , and Omdut ul Omrah ; whether it was right to set aside Tajul Omarah , the legitimate or natural son of Omdut ul Omrah , to raise Azeem ul Dowlah to the musnud , and receive from him a grant of the revenues : such questions had no strict connection with the subject under deliberation , and had better , if necessary , be debated separately , not drawn collaterally into discussion in any of the stages of this bill . The question was not , what was the title of the East-India co. to the Carnatic revenues : not how they came by the possession of them : but whether , whilst they remained in possession , they had not done right in applying annually a part of them in satisfying the claims of such real creditors of the late Nabobs , as had an equitable lien upon those revenues ? The other condition was , `` that the company should annually set apart in their treasury , at Madras , the sum of 3 lacs and 40,000 pagodas , if , after defraying all the charges of collecting the said revenues , so much shall be realized to , and be received therefrom by , the said company , & . '' The propriety of this condition was too obvious to need any comment . The house would learn with pleasure , that there was no chance of any interruption to the agreement arising from a diminution of the Carnatic revenues . As soon as the accounts shall be under the examination of the house , the hon . gent . said he believed it would appear that the net surplus for the year 1803–4 , over and above the military subsidy of nine lacs , was about 340,000l . British money , a surplus exceeding that of the first year that the Carnatic was under British management . The surplus of that year , as stated by his noble friend , the late president of the board of controul ( lord Castlereagh ) , in his budget speech of 1803 , was only 269,000l . It was obvious that , without any improvement in the management of the revenues , the surplus of future year must be greater than that of the year 1803–4 , as from May , 1804 , when the registered debts were completely liquidated , the annual fund for the discharge of debts was no longer , as by marquis Corwallis 's treaty , 6,21,105 pagodas , but only 3,40,000 pagodas . The difference , therefore , constituted a resource in the hands of the di 733 rectors , for the diminution of the debt from the Nabob to the company , or for any other useful purpose . This difference amounted to about 112,442l . sterling ,