banish them from the colonies ? argued , that if slavery was to be tolerated , and the state of our colonies shewed that to be necessary , no mode of carrying on the trade could be better than that established for British vessels in the regulations enacted by parliament . If this bill were to pass , it would not prevent the importation of slaves into the colonies which was the object . The hon . general then proceeded to shew , that some of the provisions of the bill would tend to excite a breach between this country and America , and that its general object was inconsistent with the terms of capitulation granted to the enemies ' colonies on their surrender . He concluded , by moving an amendment , that the bill be read a third time this day three months . said , he thought the rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) and the hon . baronet , who spoke last but one , were mistaken in their ideas of the injury it would be of to our commerce : He denied that so great a share of our manufactures were sent to Africa . In the port of Bristol , four ships in , five did not deal in slaves , and there were not more than 331 imported into all the islands which had been captured ; indeed , except in two of those islands , there was not one imported . The merchants of this country had sent such a glut of goods and manufactures for some years past , that they had greatly injured the value of West India , produce , and the gentlemen who had estates , in the islands did not receive two-thirds from their estates of what they did 20 years 1023 ago . He looked on this bill , therefore as a boon to them , and he thanked the learned gent . for having brought it forward . There were no petitions against it , but from London , Liverpool , and the Island of Jamaica ; not one from any other island ; and for those reasons the bill had his support . at the instance of several very respectable merchants of the City of London , was induced to oppose this bill , which if passed into a law , would be injurious to the country in general , and to London in particular . This was not a time to shut a door by which we were enabled to export Manufactures to the annual amount of 2,800,000l . In the present circumstances of the country , trade ought to be encouraged instead of being shut out from those places that were still left open to us . He was always willing to favour the cause of humanity , but this was neither the mode nor the time at which such a bill as the present ought to pass . acknowledged the communication stated to have been made to his Majesty 's ministers by the rt . hon . gent . who commenced the debate . He thanked him for that communication , and assured him that he had read it with minute attention ; but he begged leave to say , that possessing still the same sentiments upon the subject of the Slave trade , which he had so uniformly protessed in that house , it was not very likely that the arguments urged by the rt . hon . gent . should change his sentiments . But if the statement was true which had been made by an hon . bart . and he was certainly good authority upon the subject , he could not easily perceive that such injuries were likely to result from the regulations of this bill , which the rt . hon . gent . seemed to apprehend . He was ready to admit , that any measure really tending to depress the commerce of the country should be avoided and especially in a period of war ; but he should be glad to know how the rt . hon . gent .