proposed by this bill . He objected to giving a power to a set of men who , had never failed to exercise any power that was within their grasp . A great responsibility would be imposed on the bishops , and the inferior clergy would be reduced to a state of servile dependence . It was a serious thing to degrade and destroy so large a portion of the middle classes of the people . As to correcting the bill in a committee , that was impossible . Unless every clause in it was altered , the bill could not pass consistently with any principle of justice . was surprised to find 925 that this bill was to experience any opposition , as it was one which went to provide a suitable maintenance for a man formed the duties of religion out of the profits of him who did no duty for them . There were certain evils in society which were so long endured that they became , in some manner , a part of our nature , and when any attempts were made to remove them , we were apt to say , that the same would be fruitless . Such was now the case with regard to the clergy . The evil of men doing all the duty of parishes , and not having allowances sufficient to exist on , was an evil , the removal of which could not it seems be endured . What would be said if a captain of a man of war should receive all the salary and emoluments belonging to his ship , and , living upon shore , should appoint a deputy to perform the duties of the ship , at a very low salary ? Could such a practice be endured in the present situation of this country ? Yet such was the case with the non resident clergy , and shewed the effect of custom , and of a habit which should be remedied . For the further elucidation of this subject , the hon . gent . adverted to a letter he had that day received , upon other business ; but in which the case of a poor curate was related , who , from indigence , was obliged to employ himself in weaving cotton . It was truly lamentable that men , bred to such a profession , should , by such occupations , be under the necessity of degrading the character of a clergyman ; and while ecclesiastical livings were private property ; and great and important duties attached to them ; the clergy certainly should render themselves to be respected by their parishioners ; we must not , therefore , call it a violation of that private property , when we endeavour to secure a resident , to do the duty of his parish with reverence , with decency , and with respectability to himself , and to the satisfaction of his parishioners . It appeared , that while gentlemen on the other side talked of the hardships this measure would put upon rectors and vicars , they forgot the case of the poor half-starved curate with his large family . For these reasons , therefore , and feeling the great importance of the measure , and the benefits which must arise from it to the public at large , he gave the bill his most hearty concurrence . first objected to the bill on account of the enormous power it went to give the bishops . He also object- 926 ed to the principle of it , which no alterations in a committee could cure . The principle was bad , because it had not the public interest in view . It went to make the stipend of a Curate not commensurate with his public duty , but with the property of his employer . No regard was paid to the duty or the performance of it , but merely to the property of his employer . Every man wished that clergymen should reside on their livings ; but as long as pluralities existed , that could never be done .