no children , and be divested of all the feelings common to human nature . The house would recollect that the lord justice-general of Scotland was a member of the late administration . The present lord justice Clerk in that country was colonel of a volunteer corps , and so far was he from thinking that association of offices improper , that he avowed it on the bench : and when a case came before him , in which two persons belonging to his own regiment were parties , he intimated to them to call on him privately , and he would settle their difference . It appeared that learned lord had no desire to keep distinct the military and judicial character , though that was a separation particularly insisted upon by lord chief justice Holt , whose authority had been so much relied on by the noble lords on the other side . It seemed to be made a great objection to the present administration , that a seat in the Cabinet should be occupied by a noble and learned lord , who held no office in the executive government . This objection would , however , apply with at least as much force to the late administration . Had he gone round that Cabinet , and asked each of the members that composed it , what they did in the government ? he believed that very few of them would have been able to give an answer to the question . Whether their lordships looked across the Atlantic , or considered the situation of the continent , they would perceive every where melancholy proofs of the consequences of the rash and intemperate councils by which his majesty 's late government had been directed . It was therefore absolutely necessary to call to the administration of public affairs men of known integrity of public affairs men of known integrity and talent ; men capable of forming an efficient Cabinet , in which no persons should be introduced merely for the purpose of filling a chair . in allusion to an observation of the last speaker respecting the publication of the treaties with foreign powers , said , that he should consider it as the happiest day of his life , when he could meet him on that subject , and challenge him to bring forward a specific motion on the subject . said , he neither gave , nor would give any pledge of bringing forward any such proposition . said , that person must be very confident in his abilities , who could hope to add to the arguments which had been advanced in support of the appointment against which the motion of the noble earl was directed . That appointment was no object of trite responsibility . If there was any illegality to be discovered in it , if it was found to be unconstitutional , if it threw suspicion upon the pure administration of justice , it was upon the person who addressed their lordships , that the guilt , if guilt there was attached to it , solely and exclusively rested . It was he who counselled it , it was he who suggested it , it was he who had given his written advice to his majesty to that effect . He was glad that the subject had been submitted to the consideration of parliament . He had always found , in the course of no short official life , that whenever any question excited apprehension in the public mind , the most advisable course was to bring it into speedy discussion . Much pains had been taken , out of that house , to impress a conviction that the appointment was illegal ; a noble and learned lord had said that it was not . It was stated to be unconstitutional ; here again the same noble lord declared it was not . The noble and learned lord ( Eldon ) said that he upon the occasion would have acted as lord said that he upon the occasion would have acted as lord Ellenborough did , and he was persuaded the noble lord