received from the presidency of Bombay , relative to the sum of 31,25944 Bombay rupees , inserted in the account of their disbursements , from the year ending the 30th April 1803 , and said to be money lent to the Guicowar . Lord Morpeth stating that there was no objection to the motion , the same was agreed to.—On the motion of lord H. Petty , it was ordered , that there be laid before the house , an account of any offices in Ireland , that may have been granted to two or more persons , for their concurrent lives , with benefit of survivorship.—On the motion of lord H. Petty , it was ordered , that there be laid before the house an account of all the duties retained and not drawn back , on the exports of foreign and colonial goods , from Great Britain to Ireland , during the years 1801 , 1802 , 1803 , 1804 , 1805 , and to the 6th of January 1806 . As likewise a similar account of duties on similar exports , from Ireland to Great Britain , down , to 5th January 1806.—The secretary at war moved for leave to bring in a bill for extending the liberty of enlisting foreign soldiers into the service of this country , and for indemnifying those by whom the enlistments had been made . The right hon . gent . stated the fact of an excess to the extent of 3,000 men , beyond the provisions of the former act , having lately taken place in recruiting the German legion , while in Hanover ; and that it was deemed expedient that no time should be lost in acquainting parliament of this circumstance , and asking indemnity Leave was accordingly given to bring in the bill , —Sir P. Stephens brought in the marine mutiny bill , which was read a first time and ordered to be read a second time to-morrow.—On the motion of lord Morpeth , a variety of papers , comprising the details of the revenue and expenditure of the different presidencies of India , were ordered to be laid on the table , preparatory to the bringing forward of the India budget.—On the motion of Mr. Fitzgerald , the Irish lands partition bill went through a committee.—On the motion of lord Temple , the house went into a committee on the Greenland whale fishery acts . After some conversation between Mr. Lee , lord Temple , and Mr. Vansittart , a resolution was agreed to , that leave be given , to vessel 's engaged in the Greenland whale fishery , to complete their number of men at certain ports for the present season.—On the mo- 229 tion of Mr. Vansittart , it was ordered , that there be laid before the house an account or estimate of all duties of customs and excise in Great Britain charged and outstanding on the 5th of Jan. 1805 , and on the 5th of Jan. 1806 , respectively , distinguishing the several articles , and temporary from permanent duties . said , that though there had been some difference of opinion as to the propriety of investigations into the expenditure of the monies of the company , he presumed to think there could be no objection to the motion he had now to make , which was , `` That there be laid before this house , a list of all pensions payable by the East-India company , and a return of all sums of money granted , by way of gratuity , by the court of directors to individuals , from the year 1793 up to the present time : specifying the services and considerations for which such pensions and sums of money have been given and granted respectively . '' intimated , that it any hesitation appeared in the house to accede to this motion , the noble lord had better content himself , in conformity with what he ( the speaker ) conceived to be a rule established in the house , with giving notice of his motion for a future day . declared himself