much '' friction , '' and therefore I suppose , considered as fit for the adoption of a strong administration ! But sir , if the rt . hon . gent . is so anxious to maintain his own . consistency , parliament has surely some little right to think of their 's ; and under such circumstances , the house ought surely to pause a little before it undoes all its former votes on this subject.—In voting for the proposition which I mean to submit to the house , they will not be required to vote against the principle of service for a limited period . All that I want is to postpone the repeal of this act , involving , as that repeal would do , a renunciation of our established system , until we shall have had an opportunity of discussing fully , and judging fairly , the expediency and efficacy of the system which is . to be substituted for it . I do not object to the fitness of having this measure tried ; but doubting much its capability to sustain the load which the rt . hon . gent . proposes . to lay upon it , ( and if it can not sustain that load , however good the thing may be in itself , his case is not made out , ) —I conjure the house not to recede from all their former votes , from all their recorded opinions , from the established practice of the country , to risk the safety of the state upon a wild and untried theory , which has only the rt . hon . gent 's dictum to vouch for its success . —When the rt . hon . gent . talks of this measure as an improvement in the condition of the army , I answer , that I would oppose no improvements ; that the army has , on many . occasions , very properly experienced the beneficence of government ; that it was not forgotten under the administration of my rt . hon . friend . But when he represents it as an improvement of such value and extent as of itself to insure a constant supply of recruits , more than equal to the increased demand which it will itself occasion , and of recruits of an infinitely better description than are now to be had , I confess I much doubt whether this statement is not a little exaggerated . I apprehend that the very best description of soldiers are those which are recruited from among the peasantry : now , if the mere physical advantages of the soldier 's condition over the peasant 's , are sufficient to induce the latter to enlist , I really do not see that any thing the rt . hon . gent . proposes to add to that difference can materially in- 982 crease its operation . Food and raiment , and lodging , and fire , and moderate labour , and care , in sickness , are the essential points in which the situation of one man can , physically speaking , be made materially preferable to that of another ; and this distinction , I apprehend , exists already in a sufficient degree between the soldier and the peasant to give you whatever fair chance may arise from a comparison of the two situations . But there is , it seems , in the notion of service for life , something so revolting , something so terrifying in the very sound , that it is of itself sufficient to deter the young recruit from enlisting . In the sound , perhaps , there may ; and it requires but little reflection to discover at once the in correctness of the expression , and the extravagancy of the inference which is drawn from it . Service for life , we well know , means in fact no more than service during the military age ; during that period of a man 's life which , whatever be the original choice , destination , or necessity that determines his pursuit or occupation ,