the noble lord for the suggestions with which he had furnished him , and had given them all consideration before he had laid the subject before the house . In the propositions he had laid before the house , however , he had not acted without communications from the first naval authorities , from which description he certainly did not exclude the noble lord , though he had thought it eligible to 931 omit the suggestions he had then made , and which he had now submitted to the house in the form of amendments . He then adverted in a few words to the propositions offered by the noble lord , though the forms of the house did not at present admit them as the subjects of this discussion . He denied that lieutenants of first rates had at present no advantage over lieutenants of inferior rates , as they had the chance of being appointed masters and commanders , an advantage that was not open to other lieutenants . To make a distinction of seniority and rank might be attended with inconvenience , as those who were first lieutenants to day , might be second or third next day , from any new arrangement in the appointment of the captains or the ships themselves . Such a measure would create a considerable difficulty in making such arrangements , which were sometimes highly necessary . He did not know , besides , that there was any greater degree of responsibility in the lieutenant of a first rate , than was attached to the lieutenant of any other rate , and in some instances he believed not so much ; and as a proof of the superior advantages they enjoyed , he stated that the first lieutenants engaged in all the late victories had in general been created masters or commanders . He did not approve of adding to the number of petty officers ; and apprehended the noble lord must have been mistaken , if he conceived it was his intention to add to them to any considerable extent . If he had intended so to increase the number of this class of officers , the estimate he had laid before the house would have been quite inadequate . He did not mean more than 15 , taking in captains of the top , & c. to a first rate , and so downward in proportion ; the whole at an average of ten to a ship.—The resolution was then read a 2d time , and the report agreed to . seeing a noble lord in his place , wished to refer to him for information respecting the property tax . He was aware that formerly foreigners had not contributed to this tax . As there were many however of that description who had an interest in the funds of this country , and as that tax was made to fall so heavy on the subjects of this country , he wished to know if the noble lord had it in design to make any exemptions in their favour , or to include them under the general tax ? That the house 932 might have a proper understanding on this subject , and know the amount and value of those exemptions by comparing them with those under the former tax ; he would move for a document which he thought highly necessary for the information of the house . The hon , member then moved , `` that there be laid before the house , an account of the amount of all exemptions in favour of foreigners , in respect of the duty on stock in any of the funds of G. Britain , or on dividends in the East-India or South-Sea companies . '' did not oppose the production of the paper , but thought it would be unfair to lay a tax on those who were not represented in that house , and that it would be equally contrary to the rules of sound policy . thought the hon . member 's motion ought to have been for an account of the stock held by foreigners in