altogether repealed . It is whether by the repeal of the principle upon which that act rests , and upon which rest also all the other measures by Which we have hitherto been in the habit of providing for the internal military defence of the country , we shall this night take the first step towards a complete change in the whole of our military system . This is as it strikes me , the real question upon which we have to deliberate : and a more awful and momentous one was never submitted to the deliberation of the house of Commons.—I know it will be attempted to be contended on the other side , that we are bound to confine our attention to this individual act , and not to look any farther before us . But I desire no better answer to such an argument , than the conduct of the right hon . secretary himself . If he had been of the opinion that the act should have been repealed without any substitute , if he had thought it unfit to continue at all on the statute-book , why did he allow weeks and months of this session to pass before he moved for the repeal of this individual measure ? Why was he so long in coming forward with the present bill ? and why , if this repeal , and his own subsequent measures , were in his own view altogether unconnected , did he think it necessary to wait until he had developed his plan , and stated what he had to propose in its room , before he moved for the repeal of the Additional Force act ? This I say not as a matter of blame , but as an argument arising from the conduct the right hon . gent . himself , to shew that the two questions are intimately connected , and that we are not now fairly to be told that this is a motion on which it is proper that the after-part of the right hon . gent 's proposition should be thrown out of consideration.—It is upon the ground that I found the amendment which I shall take the liberty of submitting to the house ; and for which I do really think not only that the house in general , ( who having heard the right hon . secretary 's statement of his plans , must be aware that that measure , which is now immediately before them is the very last and least considerable part of what they have to look for at his lands ) ; but that even the hon . gent . himself ( Mr. Mainwaring ) who is so decided an enemy to the Additional Force bill , as it at present operates ; May vote , with perfect propriety and consis- 970 tency . I shall not ask of the house to negative the repeal of that bill , much less shall I ask of them to determine upon retaining it with all its existing inconveniences and imperfections , whatever they may be . But I shall intreat of them not to decide precipitately and in considerately to repeal and do away for ever , not this or that clause of a bill , or this or that modification of the principle on which it is founded ; but the very principle itself , the very foundation of this , and every other measure , by which the military establishments of this country have been sustained at a height adequate to its necessities . I shall intreat of them not to decide upon this repeal , without having previously considered and ascertained what measures of security , what plan , with a rational prospect of efficiency and success , they are likely to see substituted in the room of what is proposed to be destroyed . With this view , I shall propose to the house to defer the vote upon the second reading of the bill now before them , for such a time only as may give the right hon . gent . sufficient opportunity to develope those