the papers being printed , voluminous as they were . It was a subject of high importance , and every member should be enabled to consider it with mature deliberation . As the hon . gent . had , however , professed that he had moved for these papers with a view of grounding a charge against marquis Wellesley , he hoped he would not fail to bring it forward , as it was of the utmost consequence to the honour and character of his noble friend , that , after what had been suggested , a full and fair enquiry should take place . The hon . gent . had said , these were all the papers he intended to move for on that subject . He would , therefore , request of the hon . gent . to say , when he intended to bring forward his motion . said , it was now upwards of 9 months since he had moved for some of these papers , and they , were but just furnished to the house . As soon as he had leisure to peruse them , so as to arrange the matter on which to ground his motion , he should certainly bring it forward , and submit certain resolutions respecting the conduct of the governor-general to the consideration of the house.—All the papers were ordered to be printed . stated , that in compliance with the suggestion of a right hon . member ( Mr. H. Addington , see p . 242 . ) he had the other day consented to omit the word `` bullion , '' out of a motion which was then agreed to , not being aware that he thereby , as he now found , destroyed the object of his own motion . He therefore moved , that the order be read and discharged , for the purpose of having one containing the word bullion substituted in its place.—The order was accordingly discharged ; and on the question being 286 put , for the insertion of the word `` bullion , '' objected to it , on the ground , that the account was a detail of commercial concerns , which he did not think was proper to be made known . He was unavoidably absent , on the day when the hon . alderman brought forward his motion , or he should then have opposed it.—The hon . gent . said , that the evils which now oppressed the East-India company , were not imputable to the directors . appealed to the candour of the hon , director , whether it were a fair proceeding to object to the amendment of adding a single word to a motion , which had already received the sanction of the house , and to which no objection had , been made , previous to the order being discharged ? said , the word `` bullion '' was in the original motion , and the hon . alderman had agreed to its being struck out , on his suggestion to the hon . alderman that it . was unnecessary . If , however , the hon . alderman now thought that the purposes of his motion would be better answered by the `` bullion '' being again inserted , he saw no reason why it should be objected to.—The amendment was agreed to . said , that though he had had the honour of a seat in many parliaments , had been a constant attender , and spent many of the best hours of his life in that house , yet he felt himself at that moment in a situation novel and embarrassing to himself , and beyond his abilities to fill adequately . A train of circumstances wholly casual had led him to be the mover of a question of high constitutional importance . Had he considered it at all in the light of an opposition question , he certainly would not have been the mover of it ; he thought it much more of the nature of an election petition , denying the eligibility of the lord chief justice of