) was mentioned in the most unbecoming manner ; whose only fault was , that abandoning all his former habits , he had come forward at a period of danger in a way which seemed to him best calculated to do service to his country , and to meet the call of the government . This attack certainly was not made by the rt . hon . gent . himself , but by a honourable Colonel ( Col. Craufurd ) who was generally understood to be , the most intimate partner of his military counsels and opinions.—Sir , I can not agree with the rt . hon . gent . that regular armies are the sole champions on which countries 992 must depend for their existence ; that this champion once defeated the country must fall . The rt . hon . gent . instances the surrender of Ulm , and the battle of Austerlitz ; he tells us that the French force marched from Ulm to the Inn , through an unresisting population , and that Vienna fell without a blow , But I would ask that rt . hon . gent . if there had been between U1m and the Inn , or between the Inn and Vienna , 400,000 , volunteers , or the militia , of which this country can boast , would the conquest of that capital have been then so easy ? or would it , in all probability , have been effected at all ? ( hear ! hear ! ) I can therefore , see no cause for stating , that the very existence of the country depends on the regular army alone.—With respect to the other doctrine which the rt . hon . gent . holds in disparagement of the , volunteers , that the union of the civil and military characters has disgraced the latter , my opinion is directly the reverse . I consider this union as not only peculiarly honourable to the general character of this country , but as analogous to its constitution . When it is explained to foreigners that so great a portion of the distributive justice of the country is administered by men not in the profession of the law , but by magistrates , who lend their services to the public for this purpose , they are astonished at a practice so different from that which obtains on the continent . No one I believe , however , will venture to assert that the profession of the law in Great Britain Is contaminated by this practice ; or that the dignity of those who fill the high magistracies of the country is in any degree impaired by this voluntary association , in some of its duties , of men who , neither are , nor pretend to be , their rivals for honour or renown . In like manner with respect to the volunteers —who has contended ? —no man has contended or argued , —that the Volunteers are or can be , or need be , equal to the regular army ; —nor do I so understand the reports on the table , which state that they are competent to `` act With the line . '' All that is contended for is , that they are in such a state of discipline as to aid , and not disconcert , the regular army ; to communicate strength to them , and not weakness and confusion . I heartily wish , sir , that the same words , with the same limitations , and the same justice , may be some time hence applied to the rt . hon . gent 's . mass ! ! ! —The rt . hon . gent . seems to have set out with a determination of reversing not the principles of his predecessors , but the application of them . Where 993 compulsion has been used , `` here , '' says he `` we must have voluntary service ; '' and where voluntary service has been established , he thinks compulsion the only course to pursue . The rt . hon . gent ,