, their discussion had better be reserved till the third reading of the bill . They would at least be as proper in that stage of the bill as now , and it was desirable , he thought , that they should not have two debates on the same subject . If the right hon . gent . had more observations to offer , he had better adduce them now once for all , or postpone the whole till the stage he had alluded to . It was a matter of indifference to him whether the principle should be now debated or afterwards , but he did not wish to have it twice debated . said he should still think himself at liberty on the 3rd reading to offer what observations might occur to him , and would dot tie himself down to be silent in that stage of the business . as a representative of the city of Liverpool , had the strongest objections to this bill . The object of it was to prevent the importation of slaves into the foreign colonies , by the British . Nothing could be conceived almost , which would tend more to injure the interests of the navy . We ought to take care of the interests of our navy , and commerce would take care of itself . The African trade had been the great cause of the prosperity and opulence of Liverpool . The sailors in this trade were the best that could be found , and the greatest supplies for our navy were obtained from the port of Liverpool . Although many were of opinion that the coasting trade was the chief nursery for our marine , yet he maintained that sailors were good in proportion to the length of their voyages , and those of the sailors in the African trade were certainly long ones . There had been no considerable actions , such as that of Trafalgar , and others , in which sailors from this trade were not to be found in considerable numbers . The consequence of giving up this trade , in any degree , would be to throw it into the hands of the Americans , who could carry it on cheaper . It would also send our capital to America . He would ask an hon . gent . ( Mr. Wilberforce ) whether he meant to bring in his annual 919 bill ? Ever since he had a seat in parliament , we had an annual debate on this subject , and as the measure could not be carried in its general form , they were now coming by a side wind on the planters , We had heard a great deal of eloquence displayed on the cruelty exercised upon the slaves , in the passage ; and yet these gentlemen were now for turning over the trade to the Americans , by whom the slaves would be treated with much more cruelty ; for it appeared that they had , lost 152 men on the passage in one instance , and yet made a profitable voyage . One great foundation of our maritime strength was the slave trade , and therefore it ought not to be restricted . was apprehensive that it would interfere with the faith of his majesty , pledged to some of the conquered colonies , that they , should be on the same footing with the British West India islands , as appeared from the , terms of their capitulation ; and wished to know if it would supercede the proclamation of his majesty of the 15th of Aug. 1805 , which admitted the supply of those islands with negroes at the rate of a certain per centage , according to their present black population ? said , the , bill was not intended to supersede the order of his majesty in council of the 15th of Aug. , but on the contrary would give it the sanction of parliament , though he would not enquire at present whether that was really necessary , his majesty having occupied those colonies in right of conquest . Care