part you may think necessary to meet his charges . I can not agree , said the learned member , that this investigation in any shape should be referred to a committee . What ! After charges of so gross a nature , and conveyed in language , that , to say the best of it , might have better been omitted , shall you say that the papers on which the refutation of those allegations so materially depends , shall not be printed ? Ought not the vindication to be as public as the charges ? The wisdom and the justice of the house required it , and he was only surprised that a contrary proposition should have been for a moment entertained . The house might easily see , from the spirit in which the motion had been made , that it was unworthy of being entertained . He never , for his own part , had seen the papers , but he certainly had no doubt , from the testimony of time hon . gent . behind him ( admiral Markham ) that they were necessary to the vindication of the noble lord , and would sufficiently answer that purpose . As a proof how ready the hon . gent . was to make charges without consideration , he had only to refer to the charge he had just made of procrastination , against the house itself . He would ask if it was the intention of this house to procrastinate when they ordered those papers to be printed ? This certainly was not an auxiliary step to the procrastination complained of by the hon . gent . observed , that the noble earl who was time subject of debate , had for his services been favoured with the freedom of the city of York which he had the honour to represent , and his 88 constituents would have a right to complain , if he tacitly submitted to such a proceeding , as had been proposed by the hon . gent again rising , said that there was not a single paper that could be brought forward thatg would vindicate the noble lord that he did not wish to be laid on the table ; but maintained , that great procrastination had taken place last session on this question . More papers it appeared were still wanting , and a book must be also had which nobody knew of but the hon . member himself . He again pledged himself , in the most pointed terms , not only to bring forward the charges he had made against lord St. Vincent when in office , but no substantiate them to the satisfaction of the house . The papers before the house he maintained were irrelevant to the subject . The noble lord had put an end to the system that had before followed ; but what did be substitute in its room ? The noble lord had declared that he would build 50 sail of the line ; but had he produced 40 ? had he produced 30 ? had be produced 20 ? had be produced one ? — here interrupted the hon . member by observing , that he was going too far beyond the bounds assigned him by the rules of the house ; and that he felt it his duty to confine the hon . member to the question . thought it a new mode of proceeding , to judge of the relevancy of papers before the question came to be tried . The person competent to judge of the relevancy of those papers was not the man who stood forward as the accuser , but the person who was accused ; and it would be time enough for the house to judge of their relevancy when they should be printed , and come before the house in a regular manner . The proceeding of the hon . member he considered as a transgression of the principles of natural justice . regarded the accusation brought against the noble lord , of procrastination , as a gross and scandalous calumny . The hon