for these purposes , as certainly his character was deeply implicated in 251 the matters of charge . He should , therefore , without troubling their lordships with any further observations upon the case , move to have the question put . He had , however , to apprise the house , he should have to move for the attendance of a few more witnesses , when he could ascertain the number which may be spared . said , he could assure the house , that he had nothing more in view in the course he had adopted , with respect to the affair in question , than the interests of the country , and the ends of substantial justice with respect to all parties , which he wished to be attained , in the mode that was most consistent with the laws of the land , and the practice of the constitution . It was in reference to these great objects , that he wished for some interval of delay in deciding upon what the noble marquis had proposed ; it also arose from a difficulty which he then felt , and continued to feel , as to the course , circumstanced as the case then was , most proper to be pursued . Were he called upon to give a decided opinion , it would be that which he had more than once expressed last year ; namely , that every step which had been taken in the business , had been in a wrong , and , as he thought , an unconstitutional course ; in this opinion , he was confirmed by every research he had made , and every degree of study he had given to the subject . He was by no means ignorant or unmindful of those difficulties , and embarrassments , which the case , as it now stood , involved . He was also fully aware of its magnitude and importance . He felt all the difficulty of the consideration of breaking it off , or discontinuing the proceeding , after having entertained it so far . The question was therefore a great and important one , in a variety of views , not only as it respected individuals in Ireland , and the character of the personage accused ; but as it involved considerations connected with the honour and character of the house . Upon the whole , he was not ashamed to say , the difficulties still continued to operate upon his mind , which was not yet prepared or satisfied as to what was proper , or ought to be done , or what course ought to be adopted . He felt it incumbent on him to put in this protest in behalf of the opinions he had formerly avowed ; with regard to the express motion , it being to operate upon such a distant day as the 28th of April , which would afford their lordships ample time for intermediate consideration , he should not then resist it . observed , that with respect to the motion , were he to decide upon it , it should be in the negative . He was by no means satisfied with the course that had been adopted , and every thing he had since been able to learn , or collect , tended to confirm him in such an opinion : that house , he thought , was not competent to entertain a proceeding of the kind , and therefore he should be induced to resist it in every stage . So strong was the impression upon his mind , that he had recorded his sentiments upon the journals last year . He not only regretted it had ever gone so far , but he was sorry it was ever entered upon in that house ; and he believed that few who heard him , would not wish it well out of that house . In concluding , his lordship adverted to the immense expence which had been already , and in all probability would still be incurred in the prosecution of the affair , a great part