on which the hon . gentlemen opposite to him followed a distinct course . If it was given as an eleemosynary grant , without any distinction of merit or demerit , he disdained it . He could not help complaining , that the hon . gent . opposite , while professing to avoid all points of political dissension , had cast a general stigma on the whole system of the present reign , during one half of which his right hon . friend had been at the head of affairs . This was not in the recollection of the hon . gent . when he took credit to himself this night , for not being one of those who introduced such topics . He begged gentlemen again to consider on what ground they agreed to the motion . Those who did not vote for it on the ground of Mr. Pitt 's merits , had better oppose it openly . It was only as a tribute to great merits that he would receive it , and if any one supported it on any other ground than as a testimony and a reward of these merits , he wished him to withdraw his support , and preserve his consistency by opposing it . in explanation observed , that there was a considerable difference between commenting upon particular instances of a minister 's conduct , and animadverting upon the general system of administration that had been pursued , not only during the late right hon . gent . 's official career , but during the whole of the reign . With respect to what the right hon . gent . had said , as to the grounds upon which he wished the present motion to be supported , he had only to add , that he had distinctly stated the grounds of his own vote in favour of it to be , Mr. Pitt 's merits . The motion on the former night had stood on a different footing , and been amply discussed on that occasion . The present question , was totally distinct from that , and ought to be decided upon its own grounds . said a few words in support of the motion . — The question was then put , and carried , nem . con . called the attention of the house to a subject on which there had been supposed to be some difficulties , the circumstances of which were somewhat peculiar . He understood there were several new appointments about to take place under his majesty 's government , and that a noble lord ( Grenville ) was about to hold an office at the head of the treasury , who now held the office of auditor of the exchequer . Doubts had been entertained by some persons whether the office of auditor of the exchequer was compatible with that of an office of a lord of the Treasury , or that they could be both held by one person , that is , whether they could be legally held by one person . He was not aware of that illegality , nor did he very clearly see the foundation of that doubt . However , it was expedient to make the matter indisputable , and that would be best done by a bill for the purpose . These offices had both been held by one person on former occasions—by lord Hallifax , by the late Mr. Pelham , and others , but the better way would be to remove all doubts by an act of parliament ; and , therefore he should move for leave to bring in a bill to remove certain doubts respecting the appointment of a proper person holding the office of auditor of the exchequer , and that of a lord of his majesty 's treasury . If the house should grant him leave to bring in the bill , he should bring it up immediately . It might be read a first and second time to-night , and ordered to be committed to-morrow ; and any member would then have an opportunity of delivering his sentiments , if