induce a young man , more than any profound calculation , to prefer the military life ; for it is not so much from individual judgement as from the estimation in which the service is held by others , that it derives its principal attractions.—As to the period of service , that may be varied as may be deemed most conducive to the object proposed , namely , the supplying and augmenting the regular army . The inclination of my mind is , that 7 years is the properest term . Seven years is a term familiar to this country , and no- 671 thing more than the generality of all apprenticeships to trades . I think it is also such a term as will combine that mixture of the service of the man , which the army would require , with the attractions , that will be necessary to induce him to enter it . After the first period of 7 years , I should propose that the soldier should have the privilege of his discharge , and all the advantages which are at present enjoyed by those who have served in the militia , such as the right of exercising his trade in any place where he may choose to settle . These should be all the advantages for the first period.—If the soldier should wish to renew his engagement for a second term of 7 years , I should then propose that in addition to these , he should have a small increase of pay , not so large as to do any injury to the service , and yet sufficient to form a mark of distinction . For this purpose , six-pence a week will , I think , be enough.—For the third period , it might be proper to have a farther increase of pay . But , reverting to the second period ( on the suggestion of a friend near me ) ; with regard to the second period , the soldier will again have a right to his discharge . I am speaking here of the infantry . For the cavalry , different terms may be fixed , perhaps 10 years for the first term , 6 for the second , and 5 for the last , as more time is necessary for training the cavalry , and still more for training the artillery . At the end of the second period it is the inclination of my mind , that the man should have a pension for life , At that time , undoubtedly , he might be perfectly entire and fit for further service , full of health and strength , and in the prime of life ; but still , by going home in this , condition , and holding out to all around him an instance of the advantages offered by the service , he would perhaps be of no less advantage , probably he might be of more , than if he had continued to serve for the third period . Invaluable as it would be to retain a soldier of this description in the service , it is infinitely more valuable that he should go back into the community , and exhibit a beneficial example in the enjoyment of the merited bounty of the county . The sum may be hereafter regulated . Whether any service should be required of them , and whether they should be at the option of the Chelsea board for home service in the garrison battalions , I shall leave to be hereafter determined.—For the third period I should propose an increase of pay of one shilling per week , for they would then be soldiers fully tried and worthy of having 672 the highest confidence placed in them . At the end of the 21 years it is fit that they should retire with the full allowance of Chelsea , such as it has been settled by the late government and the commander-in-chief for those who have distinguished themselves in particular places , or have undergone particular services ; such as those who have lost their sight in Egypt . By