bills.—The several resolutions were then agreed to , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . A message from the lords informed the house , that their lordships had agreed to the 10 ½ Millions Exchequer Bills ' bill , the 1½ Million Exchequer Bills ' bill , the Rum and Spirits Bonding bill , and the Felons ' Transportation bill , without any amendment , together with several private bills.—On the motion of Mr. Fydell , the account of Wool imported into Great Britain was ordered to be printed.—On the motion of lord Temple , the house resolved itself into a committee on the British Fishery bill , Irish Treasury Bills bill , and the report was ordered to be received on Monday.—Mr . Windham gave notice that he would on Wednesday bring forward his motion for the better defence of the country , for the production of which some gentlemen on the other side had so prematurely manifested such impatience.—Mr . W. Wynne presented abstracts of the Subdivision Rolls under the Levy en Masse act . He stated , that in 1803 , the proper returns had been made for only seven counties ; and in 1804 for only three counties ; but letters had been written to the lords lieutenants of those deficient , requiring returns to be prepared.—The Attorney General brought up the report of the committee , appointed to search the lords ? journals , to learn the proceedings of their lordships in the case of the Declaratory Witnesses ' bill and the Witnesses ' Indemnity bill , which was ordered to be printed . moved for a return of the amount of the balances remaining in the exchequer , and in the hands of the several treasurers of the army , navy , and ordnance , in the year ending the 5th of Jan. 1805 , and which were allotted to pay off sums voted for the service of the year 1804. observed that when the account just moved for should be brought forward , it would appear that the statement which the noble lord had made yesterday was quite erroneous . The noble lord had stated that 5 million of the late loan was to be applied to the discharge of the last year 's arrears ; thus casting a reflection upon the judgment and financial calculation of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) . But it would be seen that the arrears alluded to were not those of last year merely , hut an accumulation of several years . It would , however , be recollected by all who were acquainted with our financial history , that ar- 588 rears had accrued almost every year to be provided for from the Ways and Means of the preceding year . The balances of the revenue of the last year were , he contended , more than sufficient to cover the deficiencies complained of as arising in that year . Thus much he thought it necessary to say in vindication of the conduct and system of his illustrious friend , the noble lord 's predecessor . maintained that his noble friend had not described the arrears alluded to by the right hon . gent . as those of the last year ; but on the contrary , as the result of several years . On the whole amounting to more than 5 millions . took fire at the recollection of the remarks , which were made yesterday by the noble lord the chancellor of the exchequer . At the time he heard them he was surprised , but since then he had had recourse to the proper sources of information , and had learned that the sums yet to be received were more than sufficient to meet the expenditure of that year . Therefore assets remained to cover the debts . Such being the fact , he could not help complaining of the unfair , illiberal reflections which the statement made by the noble lord was calculated to produce with regard to the conduct and character of his lamented friend ( Mr. Pitt ) . observed upon the right