of the number of men raised by its operation , in order to judge fairly of its effects ; and , if not , that the exertions of gentlemen throughout the country , for carrying that bill into full effect , might not be damped by the apprehension of its intended repeal . said , he had already declared his object to time house , so . far as he was yet prepared to explain himself on the subject of military arrangements . He had , however , no objection to answer the question of the right hon . gent . in substance , that in the plan of defence now in contemplation , that bill certainly would not have a place . one of the representative peers of Ireland , took the oaths and his seat.—The Qualification Indemnity bill passed through a committee , and was reported.—Mr . Johnson , from the office of chief secretary for Ireland , presented an account of the state of the prisons in Ireland for the year 1805 , which was ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Allnutt , from the commissioners of Thames Navigation , presented an account of the receipts and disbursements of that board for the year 1805 , which was also ordered to lie on the table . reported from the committee , to whom the petition from the city of Limerick had been referred , and obtained leave to bring in a bill for the more equal taxing , and the better paving , cleansing , and lighting the city of Limerick.—Mr . Alderman Combe presented a petition from several persons , owners and proprietors of houses , in Skinner-street , Snow-hill , and in Pickett street , Temple-Bar , praying leave to dispose of the same by way of lottery . He also presented a petition from the Master Shoe-makers of the city of London , praying for certain regulations therein stated , for the better sup- 359 pression of combination among the trade . —On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , a new writ was ordered for the Borough of Corfe Castle , in the room of the right hon . Nathanael Bond , who has accepted the office of judge advocate general.—Mr . Mainwaring presented a petition for leave to bring in a bill for building a bridge over the Thames , opposite to Vauxhall.—The report of the committee of yesterday , on the situation of lord Collingwood 's family , was brought up and agreed to , and , on the motion of lord H Petty , it was ordered that it be an instruction to the committee , to whom lord Collingwood 's annuity bill was referred , to introduce provisions agreeably to those resolutions.—Lord H. Petty brought in the bill for the better regulating the office of treasurer of the ordnance , which was read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time to-morrow . Mr. S. Bourne asked if any additional salary had been granted , or was in contemplation to be granted , to the persons holding the office in question , and other similar offices , in consequence of the regulations now introduced ? The noble lord answered , that no such addition had been made , nor was he aware that any such was in contemplation . stated , that the conduct of Mr. Trotter before the committee appointed to prepare articles of impeachment against lord Melville this morning , justified him in offering to the house a petition , praying that he should be discharged . The petition was then brought up and read by the clerk ; setting forth , `` that the petitioner was committed to the custody of the serjeant at arms , for not answering certain questions put to him by a committee appointed by the house ; and the petitioner hopes that such his refusal will not be ascribed to any want of deference or respect to the house , or to their committee , but to a sense of regard to his personal security , which , from his legal advisers , he understood would be