( Mr. Moore ) had rather gone upon general principles , or those which carried with them a show of popularity . He had spoken of the interests of the many , as opposed to those of the few . For his part , he was convinced that the interests of commerce and of trade , were the interests both of the many and of the few . The wages of the manufacturers were raised when the trade went well . The hon . gent . however , appeared to him to be mistaken in his distinction about the many and the few , for the fact was , that there were very many who carried on manufactures in their own houses and in a domestic way , which he considered was better both for trade and for the morals of those engaged in it , than 425 that way of carrying on manufactures where many journeymen are employed by a few masters in large manufactories . He declared that he had no other wish upon the subject , than that a business of such importance should be fully considered , and that the best resolution might be taken which the most mature deliberation could give . He therefore wished that the bill should be committed early in the session , and was sure that the persons engaged in the trade would have full confidence in the care and attention of their representatives to their true interests . hoped that no impediment would be thrown in the way of the final settlement of this business , which had been now two years before the house . His object was to promote the interests of all parties . He hoped the hon . gent . would not insist on his clause . said , that he knew the wish of his majesty 's ministers upon this subject was , to relieve the manufacturers from any improper restraint . Whether the restraints imposed upon them by those old acts of parliament might be taken away or not , was a matter that could not be decided without the most serious consideration , and the best information that could be had . It was , because he was not prepared to decide , that he could not agree to the clause proposed . Such a clause would be absolutely deciding the question . explained , that when he spoke of the many and the few , he considered very much that numerous class of manufacturers , whose petition he presented , and who had been waiting for years : he meant the petition of the employed against the employers . The first class were anxious for the decision of the house ; the latter class , as he thought , was not so desirous of it . He hoped that the discussion , and the adoption of the clause he had proposed , would bring them to agree to reasonable terms with those in their employment . said , that , by this explanation , the suspicion he had entertained was realized ; that it was for another description of men than those who were the objects of this bill , that the hon . gent . felt so warmly.—The clause was then rejected , and lord Temple gave notice , that he should on Friday next move for a committee to consider the state of the woollen manufacture . brought up a bill to explain and render more effectual an act , passed in the 7th of William III . for preventing charge and expense in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament . The bill was read a first time , and ordered to be printed . The right hon , gent . then said , that he should move for its being read a second time on Friday se'nnight , unless gentlemen wished for longer time to consider it . wished that a longer day should be named . As for himself , he approved entirely of the principles of the bill , and of almost all the observations made by the hon . member in proposing it ; but