would say , that the language used by him was unsuitable and unseemly . It declared no less than that the measures proposed by his rt . hon . friend were of a nature to shake the security of our military system , and make them doubt the propriety of their existence . Such language was a double libel , a libel upon the army , whom it supposed capable of doubting of their due existence , and a libel on the house , that it was supposed to have entertained any thing that could have such a tendency . declared that as long as he bad the honor of a seat in that house , he should speak his sentiments freely and openly , and not be deterred by the noble lord , or any other person , even a minister , from performing what he conceived to be his duty . wished to know when it was intended to go into a committee on the bill . After some conversation between the noble lord , Mr. Fox , and Mr. Windham , it was agreed that the bill should be committed on Tuesday next.—Adjourned at 2 o'clock . The home met at 10 o'clock , and , after reading the bills on the table , proceeded , about 11 , to Westminster Hall , to attend the trial of lord visc . Melville . About a quarter past 4 their lordships returned , and continued for some time in discussion , during which strangers were excluded . An order was made to proceed again to-morrow on the trial of lord Melville , and a message sent to the Commons to acquaint them therewith.—Mr . Jones , marshal of the King 's Bench prison , and Mr. Nixon , deputy warden of the Fleet Prison , presented , pursu- 1020 ant to the order of the house , Accounts of the number of Prisoners for Debt confined in those prisons.—Mr . Irving , inspector general of exports and imports , presented several papers respecting the ships and their tonnage employed in the West India trade , which were ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed.—The Appraisement Duty bill , and the Wine Duties bill , passed through committees , and were reported . The Foreign Linen Draw . back bill was read a first time.—A message was brought from the lords stating , that they had agreed to the Export and Import Duty bill , and to the Excise Duty bill , without any amendment . Also that their lordships would proceed farther in the trial of lord Melville to-morrow.—The Speaker informed the house , that he had received a letter from lord Collingwood , dated on board the Queen , at sea , March 24 , 1806 , in answer to his letter communicating to his lordship , to lord Northesk , and the captains , officers , seamen and marines who served under them in the Battle of Trafalgar , the thanks of the house for their conduct on that occasion , in which his lordship expressed his due sense of the honour conferred on them by so signal a mark of the approbation of the house , and declared his confidence that when a fresh opportunity presented itself , the fleet under his command would continue to merit the approbation of their country.—On the motion of the lord advocate of Scotland , the house went into a committee to consider the act of the 26th Geo . 3. ch.47 , settling the Salaries of the Judge of the Admiralty in Scotland , and of the Commissaries of Edinburgh . On the motion of the learned lord , resolutions were afterwards introduced in the committee granting an additional salary to the judge of the admiralty in Scotland , of 4001. per annum ; and to each of the judges of the commissary court , of 1501. per annum . And , on the motion of Mr. W. Dundas , it was ordered that these , together with the former salaries , be net salaries without any deduction.—Sir J. Newport moved that the order