in 1785 . `` Enquiry , '' said that eloquent orator and sagacious statesman , `` should precede payment , the onus probandi should be laid on the claimant . '' Both the parties had covenanted to submit , without appeal , to the decision of the commissioners , who were , however , restricted from allowing any claim which had its foundation in presents , gifts , or gratuitous allowances ( other than the reasonable fees of lawyers , physicians , & . ) , contrary to the acts of parliament in such cases provided . There was also another commission in India , which was , to act in obedience to the instructions of the commissioner at home , and report to them all the information and evidence they should be able to collect . That commission was also empowered to receive claims , for the sake of the convenience of those who might wish to prefer them in India , to hear all the evidence in support of , or in opposition to them , and to transmit it to the English commissioners , in whom alone the power of final adjudication was vested . The commissioners in England had proceeded , in execution of their official duties , to search every document tending to give them general information of a useful na- 735 ture ; they had examined with particular care all the proceedings of the committee at Madras , and looked into the nature and extent of a great variety of the claims . They had not , however , given judgment in any case , and the ground of this conduct , which he should hereafter state , would shew the origin of the present application to parliament . But although the commissioners had been prevented from exercising powers of a judicial nature , they had issued notices , and published them in the Gazette , and periodical papers , for the purpose of ascertaining the number of the claimants , and amount of the claims , which certainly was as considerable as stated by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) on a former night , and had taken every other step which appeared to them necessary for the furtherance of the important objects of the commission . But why had they not proceeded to adjudicate ? this was now to be explained . A general outline or sketch of what was proposed to be detailed in the deed was sent by the court of directors to the commissioners , by which they were instructed `` to found their proceedings in all cases on the voluntary oath of the persons appearing or called before them . '' By the deed , however , as would appear by the following extract from the 19th clause , a discretion , as to the mode of evidence to be required , was vested in the commissioners , `` who are to be at liberty to receive proof by the testimony vivâ voce , or by examination on written interrogatories , or by affidavit of witnesses , and by production of written documents , and by the examination of the parties , and by reference to the accounts and vouchers of the said several Nabobs , and the said Ameer , and the proceedings of the said united company , and their court of directors , and committees , and of their governments abroad , and any committees , or officers acting under such officers , or otherwise , as shall be satisfactory to the said commissioners in England . '' The hon . gent . said , that he must request the attention of the house also to the last clause of the deed , which was as follows : `` It is hereby declared and deed , that in case the said commissioners in England shall be of opinion that the powers hereby intended to be vested in them are insufficient for the execution of the trusts reposed , according to the true intent end meaning of these presents , and that it is necessary they should be empowered to administer oaths ,