mean to give any opposition to time motion at present , but he thought it would be better if the right hon . bart . had not brought it forward until he opened the budget . said , he had not the slightest objection to state the amount of this tax , if he could do it with accuracy ; but the fact was , that not above one-third of it 748 had been collected , he could therefore only form a rough estimate of its produce . He was willing , for the sake of the argument , to take it at 20,000l . though he did not really think that it would produce above 6 or 7,000l . With respect to the other point , his reason for anticipating the budget , and bringing forward this motion at present was this , that if he had waited until that period , the collection of the tax for the ensuing year would have commenced , and then , if parliament had thought proper to repeal the tax , the consequence would be , that part of Ireland would have paid the tax , while the rest would he exempted from it.—The resolution was then agreed to , and a bill ordered to be brought in thereon . said , he thought it would be much better that the practice ? in this country with respect to Stamps of Bank of England Notes should be adopted in Ireland , viz . that the Bank should pay a regular compensation in lieu of the duty of Stamps ; but he wished that the composition should be made between the Bank and Parliament , and not between the Bank and the Treasury . This was a power which parliament could exercise itself , and therefore he did not think that it ought to be delegated to others . It was his intention , if he had remained in office , to have proposed a composition ; but it would have been in the manner he had just stated . He then adverted to the paper currency of Ireland , which he said was so excessive as to depreciate itself ; but this he thought might be prevented by putting the Bank of Ireland upon the same footing as all other Banks , and by preventing it from making such large advances to Government upon Treasury Bills . The latter be considered as a very desirable object , because , by advancing so much upon Treasury Bills , the Bank was prevented from affording as much accommodation as it might otherwise do to the public by way of discount . A measure had been adopted , which would have the effect of diminishing the circulation of paper , and that was sending over a large quantity of silver currency into Ireland . He did not know whether this practice continued ; he hoped it did , but he would not press the right hon . bart . for an answer 749 upon this subject . He objected to the mode of bringing forward this measure , and contended , that the plan now proposed was contrary to former practice , because , when the Bank compounded before , it was with the Parliament , not with the Lords of the Treasury . said , he hardly knew how to follow the right hon . gent . in the observations which he had made . The right hon . gent , had admitted , that if he had remained in office he should have proposed a composition ; but added , that he would not have fixed the rate of composition ; and that it should be made with Parliament , and not with the Treasury . He begged leave to observe , that the resolution then before the house stated , that it would be proper to compound . When the Bill was brought in , it would be for the house to determine as to the quantum of the composition , and the persons with whom the power of making it should be lodged . That would be the proper time to