England to a seat in the Cabinet . Had he meant it as hostile to the present administration , the right hon . gent . opposite to him ( Mr. Fox ) would hardly have been the first to whom he communicated it , which in truth he was . The proposition he meant to conclude with , he should have been ready at any time and under any administration to support . If the late minister had called the late lord Kenyon to a Seat in the Cabinet , 287 and the right hon . gent . had then objected to the measure , he would have found him amongst the readiest of his supporters . It Was even friendly to the administration in two different ways ; if his arguments prevailed and the chief justice no longer remained a Cabinet minister , he thought that ; not withstanding that noble lord 's acknowledged abilities , the Cabinet would be more popular throughout the nation ; if they did not prevail , at least it afforded to the right hon . gent . an opportunity of removing those objections which had made so strong an impression on the public mind . To destroy all possible suspicion of this being the commencement of an opposition to an administration which had not yet bad time to do any one act , he thought it fit thus publicly to declare , that if he had the honour at this moment to be called into the royal closet to be consulted on the propriety of removing from office all who had been just appointed , he should most earnestly disadvise any such measure . This declaration was probably the only mode in which so unimportant an individual as himself could ever offer any advice to his sovereign , but he would take the liberty of using this opportunity of giving some advice also to the right hon . gent . opposite . If that right hon . gent . preferred the Character of the leader of a party to that of the ruler of a nation , if he could not recollect with a view to imitate the noble saying of Louis the 12th of France , `` that a king of France should not remember the quarrels of a duke of Orleans , '' if at the Very moment he was calling for an oblivion of past causes of difference , he went out of his way to declare that he himself retained every sentiment he lad ever uttered , even when he could not but know that in some of them a vast majority of this house and of the country were against him , I will with confidence foretell , that his administration will not be such as the times demand ; that it will neither be honourable to himself nor beneficial to his country , nor yet of long duration.—I come now to the argument on which I mean to found my motion , and request that the king 's speech at the beginning of his reign respecting the independence of the judges , and the act passed in consequence of it , May be entered as read . On this ground , I take my stand ; here I find the great principle recorded and enacted , that the judges should be independent , and their independence made permanent . What 288 ever tends to lessen that independence , to render any situation a judge may hold less permanent , is a breach of the spirit of that law . Such I affirm a seat in the king 's executive council to be ; it is a station of the highest honour that a subject can attain , and he holds it only during pleasure . I envy not the feelings of those who may think that there being in this case no salary annexed can make the smallest difference in the argument ; money is so far from being the only inducement to influence a generous mind , that it is almost the lowest . I am sure the right hon . gent . opposite would not