mistaken in his statement . All the troops of the continent were not engaged for life . Those of the elector of Hanover were for a limited service . The German corps in our own service are all for a limited time , even the 60th regiment . As to the case of the East-India company , put by the noble lord , it proves too much ; for it is absurd to say , that men will enlist more willingly for life than for a limited time.—Now with respect to the Volunteers , the noble lord says , he remembers my right hon . friend baying , on former occasions , said so and so of the Volunteers ; but I fear the noble lord only remembers his own misrepresentations of what was said . As soon as the noble lord got up , I anticipated what we have heard ; day by day , week after week , year after year , the same eternal repetition of the same confuted misrepresentation . Indeed he has repeated this so often , that I verily believe he has brought himself to imagine that his own answers to my right hon . friend were really the arguments used by the latter . My right hon . friend stated distinctly , that finding the volunteers established , and so far useful , he would propose to keep them up as far as they were capable of being advantageously employed . Aye , but says the noble lord , he abused the Volunteer system 2 or 3 years ago . I really do not remember what my right hon . friend said when the establishment of the Volunteers was first proposed , but he has said tonight that it is a different thing to demolish what you find set up , and to disapprove a particular system . But the noble lord 713 says , why do n't you tell the Volunteers a once that you mean to get rid of them . The best reason in the world for not doing so , is because no such thing is intended . But that must be intended , because their discipline is to be so relaxed ! Yet the noble lord himself thinks the same degree of discipline no longer necessary . The noble lord , however , complains of the confusion of my right hon . friend 's ideas on the subject , and a more extraordinary complaint I never heard ; for , besides that the speech of my right hon . friend was one of the most eloquent ever delivered in parliament , it was so perfectly perspicuous in every statement , that it was impossible , to mistake the meaning of it . If my right hon . friend 's speech was the labyrinth , and the noble lord 's the strait road , I must have very erroneous ideas , indeed , of the qualities of a strait road and a labyrinth . But what was the proposal of my right hon . friend ? Was it not to retain , as Volunteers , those of a superior class , those able to defray their own expences , while those who could not were to be subject to the general training ; and this was the principle which seemed universally agreed upon , when the Levy en Masse act was first considered , and it was thought an objection to that measure that all classes should be blended without distinction ? Now , what is the proposal of my right hon . friend as to the general training ? It is to invite , or compel , a certain portion of the whole population to be trained 26 times , each person having one shilling for his trouble each time , so that if the training happened on a Sunday , it would be so much gain . Those , however , who chose to defray their own expences as Volunteers , are not to be compelled to be trained.—The noble lord however asks , how will you put all those men so trained ? into the ranks