his lordship that the reason of their delay was , that many of the jury were unable to separate in their minds the evidence , from what they before had read or heard of the circumstances relating to the transaction . This communication was made to me by Mr. Justice those himself ; and I think is sufficient to justify me for having made the motion . But , sir , as a great number of persons of high station and character , and for whose judgment upon all subjects , I have the greatest respect , seem to think , that this measure might , in some degree , trench upon the liberty of the press , and as no man holds that sacred principle in higher estimation and value than I do , I should be the last to do any thing which might be thought to have a tendency to bring it into danger ; and , with those impressions , I wish now to give notice , that it is not my intention to press the measure any farther . On the motion for the third reading of this bill , begged leave , without intending to oppose the present bill , to call the attention of his majety 's ministers to the operation of the additional duty on the silk manufacture . Since the year 1787 , the duty on silk had been encreasing , and yet no alteration had been made on the draw-backs upon that article . By the present bill , the duty would be raised from 7s.4d . on thrown silk , to 12s . ; and , on the raw material , from 3s . to 5s . He thought that a draw-back should be allowed in proportion to the encrease of the duty since 1787 , as an encouragement to so important a branch of our national fabrics . But as it would be competent to ministers to make a provision to that effect in a subsequent act , he should , in the present instance , be content with calling their attention to the subject . assured the worthy alderman , that there would be no reluctance on the part of government to give every encouragement to that manufacture , if it should appear , after a proper enquiry , that such encouragement was necessary . This , however might be done in a subsequent bill . expressed his approbation of the liberal and candid manner in which ministers had listened to such representations as had been made to them on these subjects . He hoped that such modifications would be introduced into the duty on sugar , as would make it possible to pay it . 904 He thought that a committee should be appointed to examine the state of the colonies , in many respects , as this at present was not well understood . The late chancellor of the who certainly was competent to form an accurate opinion on this subject , had said , that he never could learn the profits of the planters on any average price of sugar . If he found other gentlemen of the same opinion with him , he would , on some future day , propose such a committee as he had adverted to . said that certainly , on the part of his majesty 's ministers , there must be a disposition to give every sort of attention to this subject , and to listen to every important representation . He agreed that the subject was one of some difficulty , and , that an enquiry of one sort or another would be very desirable . contended , that such an enquiry would be batter conducted by the inspector-general than by a committee of the house . only meant , by proposing a committee , to give assistance to government , and , if there could be a better mode than this , he would have no objection.—After a few words from Mr. Johnstone and Mr. Manning , the bill was read a 3rd time and passed . ( late the right hon . W. B. Ponsonby