that does not bear the bloody characteristic mark of the East-India company ; and still no retrospect , it is said , is to be had , as to the causes of the fatal events which we so much deplore.—If such , sir , is to be the decision of this house , it is only for me to how with deference and respect to that decision ; but if hope is to be conveyed to India , and if a chance of prosperity can be entertained , I hope the house will grant the papers I have this night moved for ; and if they constitute crime , that this house will show to India and Europe , that the same principles that induced the decision in the case of Mr. Hastings , still survive in the British house of commons . I shall conclude , sir , with moving , `` That there be laid before this house ; 1 . Copies of all letters and enclosures between the late gov . gen. marquis . Wellesley and the Bombay govt. , relative to the privileges of the East-India company in the city of Surat , previous to the assumption of the rights and revenues of a prince called the nabob of Surat , from 1798 to the conclu- 475 sion of a treaty with that prince in 1800.—2 . Copies of the original draft or drafts of treaties forwarded from Bengal to the hon . J. Duncan , governor of Bombay , to be entered into by the nabob of Surat ; with the instructions for carrying the same into effect.—3 . Copy of the Treaty between the company of the nabob of Surat in 1800.—4 . Copy of the correspondence between the governor of Bombay and the chief or resident at Surat , relating to the assumption of Surat.—5 . Copy of the minutes of conference between the governor of Bombay and the nabob of Surat , his buckshee ( a minister of state ) or other of his highness 's officers or relations during the negotiation.—6 . A Return of the Troops doing duty in the castle of Surat , with the distribution of the several guards in Jan. 1800.—7 . Copies of orders for the embarkation of troops from Bombay to Surat , from Jan. 1800 , until the conclusion of the treaty ; and of all orders from the commanding officers at Bombay to the officers commanding at Surat during the same period.—8 . Return of the Troops doing duty in the castle and town of Surat , with their distribution of the several guards , & c. during , the , negotiation of the treaty . '' while he protested against such voluminous productions without any specific reason being assigned , declared , that on the part of his noble friend the marquis Wellesley , he courted the enquiry . In the present instance , the papers were moved for , merely for the purpose of fishing out a charge against his noble friend . He was , however , anxious that the papers should be brought forward , and that the marquis Wellesley 's conduct should be investigated ; indeed , he conceived , that it would now be doing no more than justice to that noble lord . With regard to Surat , he would state how that place was particularly circumstanced . Previous to 1753 , the nabobship of Surat had been , for many years , in the possession of one family . In 1759 , a treaty was made with the then nabob , by which the castle and fleet of Surat were put into the possession of the English ; and in 1800 , the marquis Wellesley entered into a treaty with the nabob , by which the latter was allowed greater privileges , and a greater extent of territory , than he had had for a considerable time before , together with a yearly stipend of a lac of rupees . The conduct of the marquis with respect to Surat would be found irreproachable.—His lordship then read as part of his speech , a reso- 476