; but if , when that day should come , the hon . member should not then be provided with any documents in support of his charges , he trusted the house would not allow of farther delay . He acknowledged that it was the right of every member to produce any charge in that house ; but if the member producing it . should name a day to take it into consideration , and afterwards not be able to substantiate it by documents , he would find himself in a very unpleasant , and in a very awkward situation . The hon . gent . was to judge for himself . He would recollect that he proceeded at his peril , and if he had at present no documents to support his charge , he should lose no time in moving for them , as without them , he would stand in the place of a person bringing forward a charge without any documents to substantiate it . said , it did not remain with hom to enforce the production of the necessary documents : he had a list of them in his hand , and should move fo them this night ; but if they should not be forthcoming on the day he had named , he should hope the house would indulge him by deferring the discussion until the papers should be produced . thought the hon . gent . had not proceeded in this case , as he , had professed , by adopting the precedent laid down by Mr. Burke , in the case of Mr. Hastings ; 860 for that gentleman had not brought forward his charges , until he had previously moved for the documents upon which they were to be supported , and those documents were actually laid upon the table . The precedents were precisely the same in the nineteen cases which had occurred since the Revolution ; and if these charges were entertained , without the documents being laid on the table , the marquis Wellesley would have just ground to charge the house with having dispensed with its usual forms , in receiving articles of impeachment against him . Here was a charge of wasteful expenditure of the money of the . East-India Co . If the company felt that charge to be just , why did they not bring it forward They were in possession of all the evidence , and were best acquainted with the nature of the case . The house ought now to have as much evidence as Grand Jury should have before it found a bill . said , if he had conceived that naming a day was countenancing the charge , he would by no means have supported it , but he had thought this a mere matter of form . There certainly was much good sense in what had fallen from the hon . member who last spoke : but if he was inclined to suppose that the house would be put in possession of some documents on the subject , he should have no objection to adjourn the debate till this day week ; and if they should not be then forthcoming , the house would decide what further proceedings it would then be right to take . He move accordingly . could see no objection in point of form to this motion . though he thought the last motion less objectionable then the former , yet , as he really thought the charges had been brought forward without any evidence whatever to support them , and that the voluminous papers with which the hon . gent . had been day after day indulged , which covered the table , and had been printed at an expence of not less than 8 or 10,000l . to the public , had been merely sought by the hon . gent . with a view to search for evidence , but in vain , he was of opinion it would be taking too much notice of the charges , thus unsupported , to entertain them at all . declared that his object in seconding