this house on the 5th of April , 1805 , and , since that , to the public . They , who will not consult the record , have no right to question my principles , or to judge of my conduct . I never undertook to impeach lord Wellesley . My purpose , in proceeding as I did , was to do a public service of another kind , which might have been accomplished without an Impeachment . At least I thought so . But it could not be accomplished without a strict examination of his conduct with respect to peace and war in India . In that speech , sir , there is not one word , which I do not believe to be true , and which I am not able to make good . All this was done and concluded too , before I ever saw the hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) or heard his voice , for in fact I heard him , before I saw him , or knew his name . If I understood my right hon . friend near me ( Mr. Fox ) , I think he has mistaken me . I can assure him that I did never say that there was no ground for impeaching lord Wellesley , or that he ought not to be impeached for the Marhatta war . My right hon . friend , who has seen the speech in print , and read it attentively , will not find one word iii it to that effect . I shall certainly detain the house but for a few seconds from the pleasure it must always receive in hearing the right hon . member ( Mr. Sheridan ) . The speech of my hon . colleague ( Mr. Grant ) has made it quite unnecessary for me to enter into any defence of the Court of directors against the warm strictures of the hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. W. Pole ) . I honour the feelings shewn by that hon . gent . in the cause of his near relation , and 876 am not surprised they should prevent his feeling at all for those whose duty it has been to animadvert on the conduct of that noble person : but there are two or three points in the speech of the hon . gent . to which I must advert distinctly , as an individual member of that body upon which he and other hon . gentlemen , from motives less apparent , have lavished such unqualified censure . First , with regard to the paragraphs of a letter from the court of directors in the revenue department , which the hon . member has read to the house , I declare upon my honour that to the best of my knowledge and recollection , I never heard of those paragraphs before , nor of any letter having been written by the court , that could be construed into a recognition of the propriety of our possessing ourselves of the territory and revenues in question ; and I am persuaded that those directors who signed the letter of which those paragraphs from a part , would not , after reading them , have signed it , if they had known by what means that territory and revenue had been obtained : but , as I have already had occasion to state to the house , the court of directors were not made acquainted with the Oude transactions until two years after ; and upon their being made acquainted with them , they lost no time in expressing their disapprobation of them.—Now , sir , with regard to the letter , or proposed letter , which has been so much alluded to , and for the production of which the hon . gent . has seemed to consider the directors as having shewn themselves particularly desirous , I beg to remind the hon . gent . or to inform him if he was not present at the debate here yesterday , that my argument went only to the production of so much