filled , and whose appointment gave him sincere pleasure . Under that noble lord , was made a report , which brought forward the true state of the finance of the country , and the country benefited much by the labours of that intelligent committee . At the end of 6 years , another committee was appointed , at the head of which was lord Harrowby , whose labours were also abundantly useful . At the end of six years afterwards , another committee was appointed , in which the present speaker of the house of commons presided ; and he should not be suspected of flattery when he said that of all the reports he ever saw , this was the best , and indeed it would have done credit to the wisest man that ever considered the subject of finance , and by which any men of common understanding might understand the subject of the finance of this country . All this was under the auspices of Mr. Pitt , and was highly creditable to his memory . As to the subject of the civil list , he was sorry that what the noble lord said on that subject had made the impression which it did , for he was confident the noble lord intended nothing unfavourable from that quarter to be felt by the house , and indeed the arrears had arisen from causes which 631 were unavoidable ; and it was not to be forgotten that his majesty had , of his own royal grace , given to the public one million , which was entirely his own . As to the subject of poor-rates , which had been brought forward , and stated at six millions annually , he was not aware that the subject was to have been mentioned , otherwise he would have turned , in a minute , to an exact account of it ; he could however , assure the house , from a recollection which did not deceive him , that the amount was not quite 5 millions ; a large sum , however , he admitted , but which might be considerably diminished by finding out employment for paupers ; this was an interesting subject , worthy of great attention ; he had turned his thoughts a great deal to it . An attempt had been made to provide a remedy ; but the party endeavouring had aimed at too much , and met the fate of those who aim at too much ; the subject , however , should not be despaired of , but pursued , for he was confident that much amelioration was practicable in that system . He then took a view of the sinking fund . The first person who applied a sinking fund to the finance of this country was lord Oxford , when he was a commoner , and so much applause attended him for that measure , that in his patent of peerage it was stated , that he was created a peer for it . It ended , however , in the South-sea bubble , after 500,000l . had been laid out upon it . The next application of a sinking fund was by sir R. Walpole ; but afterwards he delivered it up in the time of peace , after it had paid one million and an half ; but the real sinking fund deserving that name , was the sinking fund of Mr. Pitt ; it might be said to have been invented by him . It was said by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) , that after the American war , any administration , whatever the plans of policy it might have entertained , must have adopted a sinking fund . He did not know what any administration might have done ; but this he knew , that nobody ever did it as it should be done but Mr. Pitt , and by which he furnished this country with a permanent revenue out of that which did not deserve the name of a revenue ; for when Mr. Pitt came into power