its approach to perfection , and the attachment which it commands , to protect and preserve the whole.—Will , then , the right hon . gent . for purposes of party or personal convenience , venture to break in upon such a system ? Can he pretend to say that its existence does not , above all other circumstances , depend on the independence of the judges ? or could he point out any mode by which it is more likely seriously to be brought into disrepute and suspicion , than by making the judges politicians , and by replacing them in any degree under the influence of the crown ? I am satisfied that public opinion never was more decided on any question than on the present . Whatever may be the result of the present discussion , the more the subject is examined , the less disposition there will be , I trust , to persevere in it now , or to venture to recur to it at a future day . On these grounds I have felt it my duty to state fully my sentiments on the question , and I can not conclude without expressing to the right hon . gent . my conviction , that he will find no reason to felicitate himself upon the part he has taken on the present occasion , that in proportion as the subject is canvassed and understood , the deliberate judgment of the public will be against him ; and I think I may venture to assure him , whatever political sins either past or future he may have to answer for to his country , that for none will he find them less disposed to forgive him , than for thus lending himself to a measure , the tendency of which is to break down the principles upon which the pure administration of public justice , and consequently the liberties of the British nation , preeminently depend . said , he should not have troubled the house after the able speech of his right hon , friend , had it not been for the allusion to himself . His lordship said , that the correctness of the pub- 333 lication quoted by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) might , for various reasons , be disputed ; particularly in giving an account of sentiments where , in order to do justice to them , it was necessary to preserve the very words . It was impossible that his noble and revered relation , could be ignorant that lord Mansfield had been a member of the Cabinet , because , in point of fact , his noble relation had , in the year 1763 , when in the board of trade , been frequently summoned to Cabinet councils at which lord Mansfield sat . That could be no discovery in the year 1775 ; and if he knew it , he could not have considered it unconstitutional , without , at the same time , expressing that opinion which lord Chatham and others , had they thought so , would likewise , in all probability , have done . His lordship contended , that , what was now denounced as unconstitutional in a judge , had been done in 1795 , when , on a person who turned out to be a maniac , attacking the king , lord Kenyon had been summoned to the Cabinet council , to be present at the examination of the man , at whose trial he afterwards presided . He contended that the measure was consistent with precedent , with principle , and with practice , and he illustrated his sentiments by an examination of some of the precedents quoted . He concluded with saying , that if the arguments used on the other side were well founded , it would be proper in government to bring in a bill to disqualify the chief justice of the King 's Bench from giving advice to his majesty , to disable the judges of the admiralty , who tried prize-causes , from sitting at the council board , when prize