was justly attributable to him . If they failed through the weakness of those courts with whom we were to co-operate , or through the incapacity of those to whom the execution of their plans was intrusted ; if it was not the fortune of Mr. Pitt to meet a correspondent energy in those who were equally interested in the common cause , whose effective aid was essential to the accomplishment of his projects , surely that was not to be ascribed to him as a ground of incapacity . As far as his arrangements could extend , as far as his influence could operate , as far as he was implicated , there was not the shadow of doubt that his conduct would prove , upon the fullest investigation , to have been not merely free from blame , but entitled to praise , Passing , however , by the Whole of this question , he saw quite enough , in the eventful life of Mr , Pitt , to justify the highest eulogium . The judgment , activity , and resolution , manifested by his deceased friend during the progress of the French Revolution , was amply sufficient to sustain even more than the proposition before the house . This , however , he was aware was not a ground upon which 68 he could rest any claim to praise from the hon . gent . who spoke last , or those friends who immediately surrounded him , because they uniformly opposed his right hon . friend ; but certainly it was one which entitled him to expect the acquiescence of the right hon . gent . on the lower bench ( Mr. Windham ) and others , who at that period thought it their duty to separate from their present connections , and rally themselves with Mr. Pitt , whose energy , wisdom and patriotism were , for several years , the favourite theme of their panegyric . Surely those hon . gentlemen could not consistently deny that the administration of Mr. Pitt , during that important period , alone warranted his friends in claiming for him the most honourable and elevated distinction.—As to the objections that were made to the particular terms of the motion , he felt that it would be quite impossible to draw it up in such a way as at once to meet the wishes of Mr. Pitt 's friends , to correspond with those feelings which his death was so peculiarly calculated to excite , and at the same time to be perfectly reconcileable with the sentiments of those gentlemen on the other side , who had been in the habit of acting in direct opposition to him throughout the whole of his public life . Upon such a subject it was much to be regretted that any dissention should arise . It was sincerely the wish of Mr. Pitt 's friends to avoid it . But still it was felt that Mr. Pitt 's friends should not shrink from their day , should not suppress their feelings , should not withold from great public merit a just tribute of public respect merely to avoid the hazard of incurring some difference of opinion.—Although the support of the hon . gent . on the other side was not to be calculated upon , he had no doubt that the motion would be adopted . Indeed he felt confident that it would . The house would act inconsistently with its own opinion , repeatedly expressed , if it hesitated to recognise the merit , if it declined to distinguish the memory of Mr. Pitt . Such a thing was not to be supposed possible . Unanimity upon such a question was , no doubt , highly desirable ; but that he clearly saw was not to be obtained . It was evidently impossible to model a motion of this nature , so as to make it agreeable to the sentiments of the gentlemen on the other side . Yet , for himself he must say , that , were he to have framed a motion from his own , perhaps partial feel- 69