the Bengal government must have been decided on , by approval or censure , many years before the letter in question was produced : and as it appeared to him that the hon . member opposite , ( Mr. Grant ) had undertaken an unprecedented task , in raking from the records every thing that could make against the government , without taking notice of any one meritorious act , he felt it his duty to object at the India-house to the directors entering into any contention with the commissioners on the alterations they had made , because it appeared to him they never had stronger grounds to stand on than in that instance : for in addition to the legal authority they possessed in altering a political dispatch , they had the argument in their favour , that no such procedure had been adopted upon the departure of any former governor-general . And what appeared at the same time extraordinary , they were suffered to make an alteration in a letter purely commercial , which by law they had no authority to do . The hon . baronet ( sir J. Wrottesley ) was under a mistake in supposing that what fell in the debates from individual directors was to be considered as the opinion of the body at large . The India Co. was not repre- 880 sented in that house , and each gent . spoke his own sentiments as a member of parliament . The hon . accuser of lord Wellesley , who had placed the house in so extraordinary a dilemma , not content with exhibiting a charge against the late governor-general , had introduced a very extraordinary charge against the India Co. , by accusing them of violating the act of parliament , which was not nearer the fact than the other most extraordinary assertion , that the company were indebted to the public in the sum of 7 millions . Whereas , instead of the company being in debt to the public , the public are considerably in debt to the company for advances of money made by order of Ins majesty 's government . Sir T. M. could not avoid observing , that the hon . gent . took unwarrantable liberties with the name of the court of directors , who could not in their collective capacity have any knowledge of the hon . gent . beyond having permitted him to go India ; and the return he now made for that obligation was to join them in the accusation he had brought forward against the noble marquis . With respect to that nobleman , sir T. M. declared , he had never received , nor expected to receive , the smallest favour at his hands . He had officially examined every act of lord Wellesley 's government , and could with truth declare , that having in that examination discovered great talents as a statesman , with unbounded zeal for the interests of the India Co. , he felt it his paramount duty to give his feeble support to a much-injured character . With regard to the vote he was to give , he must be decided by the general feeling of the house , as he felt a difficulty in affording any countenance to what appeared to him a frivolous charge , unsupported by any kind of evidence . said , that the hon . baronet had no right to give him the credit of the letter in question , for that in fact five-sixths of it had been prepared by the officers of the India house from the materials they possessed ; neither was the hon . baronet warranted in saying , that only seven or eight of the directors had much concerned themselves about the letter , because the whole court ( the hon . baronet excepted ) were much interested in it , and many had even called for a stronger measure . suggested that the most regular course would be , for the hon . gent . to move that the motions be for the present withdrawn : and after there was 881 some further information