having made the volunteers a degrading asylum for those who fled from the Levy en masse , his right hon . friend had so fully vindicated him from it , that he was almost ashamed to revert to it . His object was , that persons who from their situation and rank , in life would be averse to being trained . in the general mass , should have the option of being trained in a more congenial manner in the volunteer force . It was , on the same principle that the volunteer system was formed on the basis of the Levy en masse act . The exemptions from the militia , and the other inducements to enter into volunteer service , were made matter of reproach to the volunteer force . He did not make them matter of reproach ; but the learned gent . did , in making them matter of contrast between the volunteer training , and the Levy en masse . And by whom was this distinction made ? The learned gent . was the author of the army of reserve bill , by which 50,000 men were to be raised , who had given to the volunteers an exemption from this act and from the militia , and who had , as his noble friend ( lord Temple ) had very properly reminded him , given it as his opinion , that a volunteer could not resign— [ hear ! hear ! ) . Yet he was the person to come forward now , and to say the volunteers were degraded by the admission of those who preferred voluntary training to the training en masse.—He now lo the charge of relaxing the discipline . It was rather singular , that , in a speech which he as well as others had thought long for the occasion , this Was the only point he Could fasten upon as a subject of discontent to a large body of men whom the learned gent . and his friends found it convenient to agitate . Perhaps , critically speaking , the world relax might have been inexact and unfortunate ; remit might have been a better world— [ a laugh from the other side ] ; the hon . gent . might feel amused , but the house would recollect , that all objections of this nature would be . nothing More than mere verbal criticisms . The lear- 850 ned gent . who collected so much mischief from the wonder-working word `` relax , '' must , as well as the hose , be aware , that he meant by it nothing more than , that the volunteers should attend a smaller number of days , and that there should be no permanent duty.—With respect to their attendance at drills , on the other days , or their being subject at proper times to military law , no alteration was to be made . The , inspecting officers had no power to enforce attendance at drills , and that , among others , was a reason for getting rid of them . How the learned gent. , who must have known that the application of the word relax was confined to these points , could give such a latitude to it , he was at a loss to conceive . In himself he felt awkward at being put upon his justification , When he was so perfectly unconscious of any thing wrong . The whole of his alterations in the volunteer system consisted of a few subordinate measures of economy , which could have no effect one way or the other . They went merely to put the volunteers on the original footing of voluntary service , a footing on which 300 ; 000 of the 350,000 now existing already were . The object was to reduce them from the June to the August allowances . There were now but 50,000 on the June allowances . If this could have the effect of disbanding the volunteers , of whom 300,000 were already on the allowance to which all were to be reduced , it was matter of