not in my judgment , as at present informed , satisfactory ; and first , the delay of the right hon . gent 's plan for the reform of the army . It will be for us hereafter to judge how far this mighty change , which is to throw our financial as well as military system out of its course , was called for either by the defects of the existing system , or the merits of that which is to succeed it.—The other explanation which occurs is , the possible wants of the treasury as necessitating this early loan , on the policy of contracting for which at the precise period it took place , I shall feel it , my duty to state some doubts . How long the exchequer could have carried on the public service without this aid , it is not possible for me with precision to judge ; but I have the noble lord 's own authority for supposing that no money was wanting sooner than the 18th of April , that being the day on which I understand he at first stated to the contractors , that he should be satisfied to receive the first instalment . Having determined to make his bargain on the 30th March , and having , declared to parliament his purpose of opening his budget on that day , upon learning from the contractors what was in itself pretty obvious , that this long interval , wholly unexampled in contracts for loans , was extremely objectionable to them , as leaving them altogether at the mercy of their subscribers , in case of any intermediate fall in 624 the market , his lordship was obliged to change his plan and take the first payment on the 6th April when the market is peculiarly unfavourable for such an operation . The bargain made is certainly in itself an advantageous one , generally speaking , for the public ; but as terms are relatively good or bad , I am not prepared to say that somewhat better terms might not have been obtained , if this first instalment of 2,000,000l had been to be paid in at the time the noble lord first intended , and subsequent to the April dividends amounting to 6,000,000l . had found their way into circulation.—I am sure , if either by accelerating the estimates for the army , or postponing the making the loan , the business could have been conducted in its usual course , the house ought to have been saved from the painful dilemma in which it is now placed , of either appearing to impede the provision for the public service , or adopting , for the first time since the revolution , a course of . proceeding in breach of the most important maxims of parliamentary practice ; for although the house has frequently permitted the chancellor of the exchequer to provide for probable expenditure not admitting of precise estimate , such as army extraordinaries and subsidies , though not previously voted in the Committee of Supply , they never did deliberately before acquiesce in his providing for the army at large before the estimates were considered and voted in the committee of supply ; and I trust I have stated enough to the house to protect us against a recurrence to such practices in future.—Before I sit down , I can not avoid shortly adverting to the gloomy picture drawn by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) early in the debate , of the declining and impoverished state of the country . I am perfectly ready to admit that the people are necessarily called upon to submit to heavy . burthens , but I can by no means subscribe to his opinion that they seem likely to sink under them . The hon . gent . has had recourse to the poor-laws , and the sum annually applied to this purpose , as a proof of our poverty . It is rather a singular mode of proving his proposition , to refer to a system which has grown out of the affluence and liberality