hint ( Mr. Fox ) , as to the responsibility of ministers , and thought that in this case nothing more was asked that in this had been very lately acceded to without any objection . He was convinced his right hon . friend who brought forward the , motion , had no view in it but what from a salutary caution ; but as the house seemed to think the precedent not a good one , he wished for one , to revert to the former practice , and would recommend it to his right hon . friend to withdraw his motion . stated the ground upon which he had recommended the insertion of similar words to those then under consideration . in the order of last session to 499 have been founded on a wish to prevent improper papers being produced . The Marhatta papers that had been produced to the house , contained many passages that should not have been made public . The court of directors did not conceive they had any direction when they had received the orders of the house , and therefore laid them in full before it ; but this was not a new practice . The same words had , he believed , been inserted in the order for papers on the first Mysore war . He advised the house to consider , before they should reject a motion which was fraught with such convenience to the public service . believed the motion had been made from no improper motives . He condemned the precedent on which it was founded , and insisted , that on this principle there could be no use for notices respecting such motions , as no examination would be necessary to ascertain the propriety or impropriety of the production of any papers previously to their being moved for . felt himself much obliged to the noble lord opposite for the candour with which he had expressed himself , and imputed no blame to the right hon . gent . who had made the motion , but at the same time had no hesitation in opposing it from principle . contended that no responsibility resided in the directors , but only in the board of controul , and that it was with the board the house had to transact any business , or to give any instructions . The question , be thought , in the course of the debate , had grown into an importance that it did not deserve . He had no objections however , that the old mode of responsibility should on this occasion be resorted to , though the motion appeared to him to be as respectful a way of treating the house . thought the responsibility of ministers should be whole and entire , and hoped the motion would be withdrawn . said , ever since his noble friend 's objection , he wished to withdraw his motion , but seeing many respectable members desirous to deliver their opinions , he had refrained from doing so till they had spoken . He assured the house he bad no idea of there being the slightest objection to it , but as there was , he would , with the leave of the house , withdraw it ; which was accordingly done . The American Treaty bill , 500 the Mutiny bill , the English and Irish Militia bills , the Militia Subalterns bill , and the Militia Adjutants bill , passed through committees , and were reported.—On the third reading of the Woollen Manufacturers ' Penalty Suspension bill , Mr. Harrison was heard on behalf of certain clothiers of Yorkshire , petitioners , against the duration of the bill . The object of his speech was to induce the house to alter the term fixed for the duration of the bill from 12 to 6 months , in order that there might be a better chance of some permanent measure relative to the subject being adopted during the present session . Counsel having withdrawn , Lord Auckland declared his opinion with respect to the bill to be unaltered by what had fallen