have been through life , their real friend ; not hired ; not paid ; not thanked by them ; but , serving them to the utmost of my ability in spite of their blindness to their own true interests , and in spite of their ingratitude towards me . But , to do this , one condition is indispensible , viz , that a full and clear account of the state of their affairs commercial and financial , shall previously be laid before this house . I will maintain their dividend if it be possible , because I well know the distresses and sorrows to the innocent proprietor , that would attend a reduction of it . I do not now mean to blame the directors , and much less the body of proprietors , who , in fact , are the company , for many things , which have been done of late years . The company have been the victims , not the authors of the system , which has been followed . The principal point , on which I question the conduct of the court of directors is , that , from the renewal of the charter in 1793 to this hour , and while they have seen their property running from year to year to ruin , 205 they have never brought forward a state of their affairs as they ought to have done , by petition to this house , or by any public parliamentary remonstrance against an over-ruling power , if they were over-ruled . Have they ever in any instance appealed to the king in council against the board of controul ? To this objection it is no answer to say , though in fact it might be true , that they are not free agents . When the first attempt to deprive them of their free-agency was made , then was their time to resist , or to remonstrate : —not by secret conferences with the members of the board of controul , but by appeal to . the wisdom and justice of parliament , or by some other public and honourable proceeding . A preconcerted harmony between the two powers , one of which is to originate all the acts of Indian government , and the other , to controul and correct them , if necessary , was not and could not be the parliamentary object of the institution of the superintending power . Otherwise , the board of controul ought to govern in the first instance by its own acts . I do not mean to defend the system : but , I say , the system , bad as it is , is infinitely better than the practice . This pretended harmony , I believe , will be found , upon examination , to be nothing more or nothing better than a good understanding between the president on one side , and a secret committee of directors on the other . The court of directors , as such , know little or nothing of what is going forward between those two parties : certainly not , in any thing that concerns the political government of India.—Once more the noble lord resorts this night , as he has often done before , to his old friend and never-failing associate , the Marhatta war . This war , in his lordship 's contemplation , is , like death , I suppose , a cure for all things . If nothing else will do , it furnishes an inexhaustible source of relief to his own noble mind , when any Indian difficulty is to be discarded . He forgets that , in his speech of the 19th of July 1804 , he has already most solemnly assured this house , and the public too in print , that the ten years ending in March 1803 was a period of nearly uninterrupted war , and that the Marhatta war , the merits of which are not , and can not be , in question in this debate , did not commence until August 1803 , consequently has no connection with , nor