prosecute the trial of lord Melville . The managers left the house first , and repaired to the place assigned them in the court , after which the members went out according to the alphabetical order of their several counties , beginning with the English counties and ending with those of Ireland . About four o'clock the house returned to its ordinary place of meeting , for the dispatch of business , as usual.—A message from the lords announced their assent to the Irish Bank Note bill , the Exchequer Bills bill , the Tea Duty bill , and the Irish Hearth Duty Repealing bill ; and also that the lords had determined to proceed further in the trial of lord Melville the next morning at ten of the clock . The Speaker then took this opportunity of stating that he would , as he had done that day , attend punctually at ten o'clock the next day ; that at a quarter past ten the serjeant at 955 arms would be sent to clear the passages , and that at half past ten , the manager would go forth.—Lord H. Petty reminded the house , that he had given notice of motion on Friday , for leave to bring in bill for the better regulation of the office of receiver-general of customs , and took this opportunity of giving notice , that he should on the same day move for leave to bring in bills for better regulating the offices of receivers-general of excise , of stamps , and of the post-office , and the office of surveyor-general of woods and forests.—Mr . Meheux presented the Furruckabad papers moved for by Mr. Paull . Mr. Paull moved that they should be printed , and , at the same time , begged the house to observe the small bulk of those papers which had been represented as so voluminous . Mr. Creevey said , that the hon . gent . was under a mistake , as the Furruckabad papers had not been represented as very voluminous , though the papers relating to some of the other places had undoubtedly been so represented . Mr. Paull was proceeding to defend the correctness of his statement , when he was called to order . He then said that he was the only person who was kept to such strict order on these subjects ; upon which the Speaker appealed to the house whether he deserved the imputation now cast upon him . The papers were then ordered to be printed.—On the motion of Mr. Foster , the house resolved itself into a committee on the Linen act . Mr. Foster stated , that the object of going into the committee was this . It had been the policy of this country to encourage the export of our manufactures , especially those that were common both to G. Britain and Ireland , such as that of linen . Drawbacks had accordingly been allowed , so as to give the decided preference to the exportation of our own manufactures over those of other countries . His object then was , to place the drawback on plain linen in the same situation in which it was before the act of last year . He concluded by moving a resolution to this effect , which was agreed to . moved the further consideration of the report of this bill , for the purpose of having it recommitted , as the amendments made in the former committee did not meet the approbation of a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) not then in his place . It was suggested to him , that he should allow the voter to be conveyed at the expence 956 of the candidate to the place of election , but he could not agree to allow him a sum of money to defray his own expences . The amendments he proposed , when the bill should be recommitted , would be for the most part verbal , and , therefore , not likely to provoke any discussion . thought that the candidate ought to be at no expence with