was agreed to by their lordships . presented a message from his majesty , purporting that , by the act of parliament for granting an annuity to the earl of St. Vincent , that annuity was limited to the two next heirs male of his body , and desiring the house to take the further extension of the same into their consideration.—The message having been read , lord Hawkesbury asked . across the table , if any motion was intended ? Lord Grenville answered in the affirmative , and observed that , in granting the annuity to lord St. Vincent , it had been originally intended , as was usual in similar cases , to extend the grant to the two next successors to the title . It happened , however , that , by the enacting words of the act , the annuity 178 was limited to the two next heirs male of the body of lord St. Vincent . The present message , therefore , had not for its object to confer any additional mark of royal favour on lord St. Vincent , but merely to carry into effect what was undoubtedly the original intent of the act to which he had alluded . A bill to this effect would , in due time , come before the house , when their lordships would have an opportunity of considering the subject . He concluded , by moving , in the usual form , an address to his majesty , in answer to his majesty 's most gracious massage , which was agreed to . on seeing the noble lord at the head of the treasury in his place , rose , and , in a very low tone of voice , addressed a few observations to his lordship ; the purport of these appeared to be , a wish from the noble earl to be informed respecting a point which , he conceived , had made a deep impression on the public mind , and which was certainly a topic of great constitutional importance . He alluded to what was generally stated , that the present lord chief justice of the king 's bench constituted one of his majesty 's cabinet ministers . He begged an answer from the noble lord as to the fact . said , he felt anxious to give as explicit and satisfactory an answer as was in his power , to the question of the noble earl . He was at a loss to see how the appointment alluded to by the noble earl , was unconstitutional and unprecedented . He believed , that ever since the privy council existed , or even since there existed such a station as that of lord chief justice , the learned lord who filled that station at the time was likewise invariably one of his majesty 's privy council . Indeed , the lord chief justice the king 's bench was frequently summoned to attend the council on matters of the highest moment ; and he was , not only responsible for the advice he actually gave , but was also liable for any omission in giving his advice . His lordship must , think it unnecessary to observe , that what was generally or usually called `` the Cabinet , '' was , under that appellation and description , unknown to the constitution ; indeed , it should rather be considered as a committee of the privy council that was more frequently called upon by his majesty for advice . Even that committee the lord chief justice of the land had often been summoned to attend ; 179 and if at all times it appeared , that the lord chief justice was a member of his majesty 's privy council , and that he was often called upon for advice by that committee of the privy council , commonly known by the name of the `` cabinet , '' he could not think that it trenched in the least upon the spirit or the letter of the constitution , that be who , was always of the privy council , and who was frequently consulted