published , both in France and in this country , in which whatever can either inform or irritate our implacable enemy is laid open to his view . After that complete development , I apprehend no one will talk of danger to the public interests , from the disclosure of any India papers ; but , with respect to those now moved for , I am of opinion the disclosure of them , instead of producing mischief , will tend to correct the mischief which the publication of the late intercepted letters was calculated to produce , by destroying the hopes which the enemy must have indulged , of our persevering in a system that was leading us to ruin . And here , sir , the production of these papers will be of solid benefit , by chewing the true nature of that system , stripped of these ornaments and decorations which dazzled the eyes , and , for a time , led captive the understandings of good and able men in this country . They will shew , upon an authority which no eloquence can gainsay , the real value of that for which so tremendous an expense of blood and treasure has been incurred . With respect to the executive body of the East-India company , I have no hesitation in confessing , that I am glad these papers have been moved for , and by an hon . member who is unconnected with the court of directors . It is true another hon . member , who has given more attention to India affairs , perhaps , than any other person , and who has brought to the subject talents proportioned to its magnitude , has declared the India directors free from any blame for the existing evils . But these papers will shew that the . directors have been as anxious to terminate those evils as they could have been if they had themselves been the authors of them ; and they will give the house the satisfaction to know , that much was done towards the termination of them , even in the few weeks that lord Cornwallis was spares after his arrival in India . They will enable the house to appreciate the great services rendered by his lordship , even in that short period , and they will shew how and by whom those services were procured . These papers will also have the effect of removing all doubts as to a fact , of which I have beard , with sur- 386 prise , that doubts have been expressed in this house , namely—that the Mahratta war has been the great preponderating cause of the present deranged state of the finances of the East-India company . Not the only cause , I admit : for , the same system which gave birth to the war , gave birth to a system of finance and expenditure which would nearly have absorbed the whole revenue , even on a peace-establishment . But when war was added to the scale , it was impossible for the finances to bear up under the accumulated weight . These papers then , sir , will shew that the present financial difficulties of the East-India company are among the serious evils occasioned by the late system ; a system of which I question only the wisdom , not the intention or integrity of mind with which it was undertaken . I can also , as well as the hon . gent. , with the utmost sincerity , disclaim any motives of personal ill-will to lord Wellesley , and whatever may prove to have been the object of calling for a great variety of India papers , I concur entirely with the hon . mover of the question , that it is extremely desirable that parliament should come to some resolution that should re-establish the principle unanimously adopted and declared by this house in the year 1784 . The papers in question will shew , that a change of system , in India , is both resolved and entered upon ; but the transactions of the three past years