least detriment those now , outstanding ; as these bills were intended to he made payable four months after date , and might be taken up either from the next loan , or by other exchequer bills , as should be found most convenient , when the chancellor of the exchequer should bring forward the general estimates for the present year 's expenditure . This was no more than a mere temporary accommodation , to enable the present government to carry on the public business , and make the necessary payments to the end of the present 159 quarter.—The resolution was agreed to , the house resumed , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . rose in pursuance of his notice on Friday last , to move for leave to bring in a bill to indemnify all such persons as should be required to give evidence on the impeachment of lord Melville , and who had served under him at any time , in the Navy Pay Office . He would state the reasons briefly , which obliged him to originate this measure this year , though he was aware that they must , in some degree , be in the recollection of the house . Several lawyers had given it as their opinion , that many of the questions which Mr. Trotter might he required to answer , would , if answered , fairly expose him to the dangers of prosecution . In order to obviate this difficulty , a bill was last year brought in to indemnify Mr. Trotter , and such persons as should be required to give evidence in the case of lord Melville , against the consequences of any criminal prosecution . The hon . baronet over the way ( sir W. Elford ) had then moved , that the indemnity should extend to civil as well as criminal prosecutions , in order to have the witnesses free from any bias whatever . This proposition of his had been agreed to , and the bill , thus amended , sent to the lords . Some difficulties had arisen in the lords upon the subject , in consequence of which the indemnity , as to civil suits , had been struck out , and the bill passed in this state ; the question , however , respecting these civil suits , had been referred to the judges , who were directed to give their opinions within three weeks . The bill had been rejected in the commons , in consequence of the lords ' amendments , and he had brought in another , extending to criminal prosecution only , which had passed , and received the royal sanction . In the mean time the three weeks had expired , and the judges had given no opinion ; and now , in fact , there was no question before them . In consequence of different events which had lately taken place , he had refrained from coming to the house sooner upon this business ; but , however , as this delay had taken place , he must beg that the bill might be carried forward with all possible speed , that it might be carried to the other house , and that the opinions of the judges might be taken , before they proceeded on the circuit . This was the more requisite , as every thing that had come under their 160 observation proved that the evidence of Mr. Trotter was indispensably necessary . It might be proper to say a few words relative to the situation in which the committee stood . They had proceeded in the task assigned them with scarcely the intermission of a day ; but it would be recollected that they had been obliged to carry on a long and laborious investigation of a number of voluminous documents , public and private , and to search them very minutely , in order to establish the articles which they had already preferred ; and that they had been under the necessity of examining a variety of witnesses , many of them from distant parts of the island ,