exchange his situation in the Cabinet for a salary ten times the amount of what he now receives . It has been alledged , that it would be a limitation of the royal prerogative to prevent the crown from consulting in Cabinet with any privy counsellor it may chuse ; to this I reply , with all or any except a judge at common law . By making a man a judge he becomes essentially disqualified from being a party or adviser in prosecutions . A judge should not only be above all bias , but above all suspicion of bias . How is that possible , if he is in the situation both of party in council and judge in court ? It is a pitiful subterfuge to say , that in such cases he may withdraw or refuse to attend the Cabinet . What security can we have ? What knowledge can the culprit have that he has so done ? But if he were , still the partners of the firm remain . It would be a good cause of challenge against him as a common juryman ; and , is it to be endured , that a judge should be allowed to try a cause upon the bench , which he would be disqualified to decide upon in the jury-box ? Besides , sir , as a Cabinet counsellor , he would sit in a different situation from the rest of the board ; though he should incur the censure of this house by his conduct there , he would still remain the lord chief justice of England . Would that be fitting ? Would it further the ends of justice ? Would it not be a monstrous incongruity , that a man condemned by the declared voice of parliament , should remain at the head of the criminal law of the kingdom ? Again , sir , though I contend it does not limit the prer gative of the crown , it does in one sense limit the powers of this house . It is not probable that we should ever again come to such a resolution as was passed in the very last sessions , when we ordered lord Melville to be tried in the court of King 's Bench . Had the lord 289 chief justice been then a colleague in Cabinet with that noble lord , it could hardly have entered into the mind of a single individual in this house , to have sent him be tried before one of his colleagues.— I come now to what have been mentioned as precedents ; but , in the first place , I protest against all in favour of this appointment , which were not distinctly known to this house , and which were antecedent to the first of George III . which is The last the last declaration of parliament proclaiming the independence of the Judges . I will first notice the argument , if such it can be called , that the chief justices have more than once been named of councils of regency : to this no objection in my opinion can be made . No person in the state can be a fitter member of a regency than the lord chief justice of the King 's Bench ; but , surely , it necessarily implies a temporary suspension of his functions as a judge . Nor is this my opinion only ; I take it from judge Blackstone , who gives precisely this as the reason why it would be wrong for the monarch in person to administer judgment in Westminster-hall ; namely , that being the prosecutor , he ought not to be also the judge . I have heard it rumoured , that lord Holt and lord Hardwicke were for a short time in the Cabinet at the time they were chief justices ; but I can find no proof whatever of the fact , and certainly none whatever exist of the house of commons having any knowledge thereof at the time . Lord Mansfield , then , remains the only instance that can fairly be adduced