. They seldom had such opportunities , and when they offered they ought not to be shut out from them , merely on the pretence of seeking for purity . He could not approve of the use of a filtering stone to clear away all the mud of poverty , vulgar mirth , & c. from popular elections , and to let nothing but the pure water of affluence , good order , & c. trickle down to invigorate the members of that house . The right hon . mover had said , that he would not introduce a bill to disqualify freeholders under 30l . But it would not perhaps be amiss to call to mind , that the bill of Henry VIth , confining the right of voting to freeholds of 40s . was itself a bill of disqualification ; and it was one advantage resulting from the depreciation of money , that the object of that disqualification law had in a great ' measure been defeated . As to the objections of the noise and confusion which these voters occasioned , who were carried from distant parts , they alarmed him not . 517 Cockades , and the liberty of huzzaing , were things which every Englishman admired ; they contributed to give him an idea of the rights he enjoyed , and on the possession of which he prized himself . This was well expressed by one of our celebrated poets , he believed Dryden , who spoke thus of an election time— — '' Where every man enjoys , `` His liberty and property of noise . '' On the whole , the bill appeared to him highly objectionable , as operating to the disfranchisement of thousands , and should , therefore , vote against it . disapproved of the bill because it would have the effect of disfranchising by much the greater propotion of the electors of this country , namely , all those who resided at a distance from the place of election . This bill , if it passed in its present state , would have the effect , in a great county , of making it the election not of the county at large , but of the county town , and instead of operating in favour of gentlemen of small fortune getting into that house , as the right hon . mover alleged would completely defeat that end , if they resided in any remote part of the county by depriving them of the power of bringing forward their friends . rose to assure his right hon . friend who brought in the hill that his voting for the bill 's going into committee , by no means proceeded front his objections to the bill being done away ; but from a desire to see if it might not be there rendered more palateable , if not entirely agreeable to the wishes of gentlemen on all sides . There was one object of the bill to which he was friendly , that of removing doubts which at present existed . If that could be done , it would be highly desirable ; and , as such , he would vote for its going to a committee ; but he , by no means , in giving this vote , pledged himself to any further support of the bill . He thought it necessary to say thus much , lest his vote should be misconstrued . said , that when such high authorities as the chief justices of the two supreme courts differed , and the committees of that house also ; it was necessary those doubts should be removed ; and he wished , therefore , the bill should go into a committee . He approved also of the poll being taken in large counties , in different places , as it would tend much to lessen the expences , and enable men of moderate fortunes , to offer themselves as 518 candidates , without the risk of being ruined . begged to put the house right as to the supposed contrariety of opinion between the judgments of the two