, who had the direction of the measures which brought it to this state . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) has told us , that in the case of lord Chatham there was the most perfect unanimity , though there were many in the house who had opposed his political principles . Why , so there was ; but then , sir , the merit was clear , and the inscription related to points on which there must have been the most perfect unanimity ; and though certainly during the seven years war there was a strong opposition , yet his merit on certain points , to which the inscription referred , was allowed by the bitterest of his antagonists . But though no consideration aught to induce us to betray our trust in conferring the public honours , yet at the same time there are cases in which the effects of this might be less sensibly felt . For instance , in cases where we should be compelled to oppose particular acts of au administration , we might still make a clear distinction between what was bad . In the present ease I shall not enter upon the particular acts . In deciding upon this question , I should be unwilling to take any one particular act of the administration of the late minister . I always thought , and do still think , that an unfortunate system of government has pervaded the whole of the present reign ; and I firmly believe that system to have been the cause of all the disasters and disappointments which the country has experienced , almost uniformly throughout the whole course of it . Being of this opinion , how can I conscientiously say that he who followed this system was an `` excellent statesman ? '' To that system I ascribe the loss of the American Colonies , and I can not but impute blame , instead of praise or honour , to all the ministers who have supported it . The earl of Guildford who conducted the war , in the event of which those colonies were lost , was a man of very uncommon talents , and of very amiable 64 qualities . Towards the latter part of his Life , I was connected with him , not only in , political opinions , but also in habits of the most intimate friendship . But , notwithstanding all that , I have no hesitation in declaring , that if , at the decease of that nobleman , any motion similar to the present had been made in this house , much as I esteemed and loved him , and still more dearly as I loved his son , the late earl , I should have been the very foremost to oppose it . Thinking , as I do , of the disastrous effects of that system , which I before stated to have prevailed through the present reign , I can not but accuse the late minister of having , I will not say criminally , for the expression might sound , in some ears , too harsh , but , most unfortunately , lent his brilliant talents and his commanding eloquence , to the support of it . In having done so , and with the knowledge he must have had of it , I esteem him the more culpable , as without that splendour of mental endowment , which enabled him to throw a veil over the hideous deformity of the system alluded to , I am fully persuaded , that it could not have resisted the attacks made upon it , and consequently could not have existed , and spread its baneful influence half so long . No man can be more desirous than I am , to bury in oblivion the remembrance of those contests in which we had so long been engaged . This I shewed plainly enough while he was alive . But , I can not consent to confer public honours , on the ground of his being an `` excellent statesman , '' on the man