trade with the Spanish colonies ; and it appeared to him that the orders which were only relative to prize and capture could not interfere with the legality of the trade . asked what the right hon . gent . supposed to be the average value of the cargoes of manufactures which had been in tins manner introduced ? replied , that vessels worth 50,000l . had found a market in the Spanish colonies for their cargoes under the colour of selling 12 or 15 slaves . denied that the sale of British manufactures was at all connected with that of slaves . The Spanish colonists could be supplied directly with slaves from the free ports under neutral flags , and therefore the 7 or 8 that might be brought in a British vessel could not be the reason of allowing the sale of British manufactures . He did not like the defence set up by the rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) of the morality of smuggling , if the parties were content to run the risk of capture . He thought that this would not be a very safe doctrine for him to preach to his friends on the southern coasts of England . declared himself to have been a friend to the abolition originally , and that he thought it might have taken place long before this , if it had not been for the ill-judged manner in which the rt . hon . gent . introduced it , and the pertinacity with which he persevered in it . said , that it was an odd 1029 way for the hon . gent . to shew his friendship to measure , by constantly opposing it in every stage . As to the manner he had thought proper to bring the measure forward , it was a manner that had been approved of both by the late and present first lord of the treasury , and by many persons for whose judgment he had the highest value . said , that the laws of Spain prohibited the introduction of British of manufactures into its colonies ; and it was only having slaves on board that protected the vessels from seizure by the Guarda Costas.— After some further conversation the motion was agreed to . The house met about 10 o'clock , and proceeded soon after 11 to Westminster-hall , to attend the trial of lord viscount Melville . Their lordships returned about half past 4 , when an order was made to proceed further on the trial on Monday , and a message was sent to the Commons to acquaint them therewith.—Lord Holland presented petitions from the prisoners confined for debt in Horsham gaol , Sussex , and the Marshalsea , Dublin , praying for relief , which were ordered to lie on the table.—Lord St. Vincent 's Annuity bill and the Longitude bill passed through committees , and were reported . from the East-India House , presented an account , pursuant to an order of the 16th April last , of the sums of money paid to the creditors of the Nabob of Arcot , specifying the names of the individuals who had received the same , and also the amount of the debt remaining unpaid ; which were ordered to be printed.—A message from the lords informed the house that they had agreed to several private acts ; and that they would proceed further on the trial of lord Melville on Monday . Their lordships met at 10 o'clock , and proceeded to Westminster-hall . They returned soon after 4 , when an order was made to proceed farther on the trial of 1030 lord Melville the next day , and a message was sent to the Commons to acquaint them therewith.—The royal assent was given by commission to the 3 million Exchequer-bills bill , the Appraisement Duty bill , the Wine Duties bill , Sir J. T. Duckworth 's Annuity bill , the Irish House-Tax Repeal bill , the Irish Bank Note bill , the Witnesses Liability bill , and several private bills . The commissioners were the lord Chancellor ,