, appointed one of the lords of the treasury ; and for Wareham , in Dorsetshire , in the room of J. Calcraft , esq . appointed clerk to the board of ordnance.—On the motion of Mr. Creevey , the name of lord H. Petty was added to the committee for managing the impeachment against lord .viscount Melville . presented a petition of several woollen weavers , resident in or near die clothing towns and villages in the county of Gloucester , setting forth , `` that the petitioners have for several years past suffered great hardships and distress , owing to certain master clothiers having , for their own emolument , violated those laws which parliament has from time to time enacted for the preservation and prosperity of the woollen manufacture , and for the due protection of the persons employed therein ; and that the said laws have been so violated , under the pretence of their being obsolete ; and that the said master clothiers , after their repeated applications to parliament for an indiscriminate suspension or repeal of nearly the whole code of existing laws had failed , at length , at the close of the session , in the month of July 1803 , obtained a bill for suspending the said laws until the first day of July following , under , as the petitioners were informed and believe , a solemn pledge and assurance , that they would come forward early in the ensuing session with a bill for a general revision and regulation of the said laws , and owing to which assurance the petitioners forbore from opposing the said bill of suspension ; and that from that period up to the present time the said master clothiers have not come forward with any bill of revision or regulation whatever , but have , during each succeeding session , waited till near its close , and then urged the want of time for investigation as a ground for their soliciting a further bill of suspension ; and that during this prostracted suspension of the laws , the petitioners have been the afflicted spectators 169 of their daily violation by the master clothiers , who have been making fortunes to themselves at the expense of those privileges , and of that employment , which parliament has held out and guaranteed to the petitioners as a reward for long and faithful services , and by such practices injurious to the ultimate reputation of the fabric ; and that , under these circumstances , the petitioners pray that their case may be taken into speedy consideration , and that such relief may be afforded to them as to the house shall seem meet . `` —Ordered to lie upon the table . presented a petition from the debtors confined in the Marshalsea prison of Dublin , which was ordered to lie on the table.2014 ; Mr. Paull gave notice , that on Wednesday next he would make his motion for a return of the bullion , bills of exchequer , & c. exported to India , by which exportation several acts of the present king had been violated.2014 ; The exchequer bills bill went through a committee.2014 ; On the motion of Mr. Walpole , a new writ was ordered for the city of Litchfield , in the room of Thomas Anson , esq . now lord Anson.2014 ; On the motion of Mr. Hurst , a new writ was ordered for the borough of Steyning , in the room of James . Martin Lloyd , esq . who , since his election , had accepted the office of steward of his majesty 's Chiltern Hundreds . Combe brought up a petition from the prisoners confined for debt in the gaol of Ludgate , praying relief ; which was ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report on the bill for raising 5 millions by exchequer bills . The amendments were read , and agreed to , and the bill ordered to be read a third time on Monday , if then engrossed . On the order of the day being read