, it may not excite adequate attention . I well know , by long experience , that India and every question connected with it , has no attraction for parliament or for the public ; and that now , as well as on all former occasions ; I shall still have to contend with the impatience and disgust of a careless unwilling audience . This alone makes the task too heavy for me , and is more than ought to be imposed on any individual , who has laboured for two-and-twenty years to execute a most invidious as well as important service , without reward , or assistance , or even encouragement from any body . It is not possible for the house to believe , that I can have any satisfaction in such a labour , except from the sense of performing a great and urgent duty , the execution of which , in fact , has been a principal bar to all my views in life as well as a perpetual interruption to my quiet and happiness . So far from having a pleasure in the dry discussion of such subjects , if it were possible for me to command a vote of this house , the first resolution they should pass should be to close my lips , and silence me for ever , on India affairs . The task I have undertaken , and so long pursued , is difficult , is unpleasing to those most interested in it , and , as yet , productive of no benefit to the country ; still I will go on.—I will not solicit ; but I will advise the house , as they value the interests of India , not to discourage the few , who may yet be disposed to investigate that subject , nor to damp their pursuit by a languid , reluctant attention ; by , in fact , slighting their zeal . India is every day becoming more formidable to this country , and every thing that relates to our possessions in that quarter imperiously claims the attention of parliament . The question , which I have now to submit to the consideration of the house , does not refer to war or peace , or to any topic of Indian policy . It is merely a point respecting finance ; and perhaps will not be a bad preface to the motion of which an hon . gent . on the bench behind me ( Mr. Paull ) has given notice for this day . Mo- 188 tions of this nature I conceive to be particularly necessary , in consequence of the irregular manner in which the accounts respecting India have been laid before the house , or rather by the neglect for some time to make any official communication what ever from that quarter . No Indian budget , you will recollect , was produced in the last sessions , and the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) who then presided over the board of controul accounted for that singular omission ( nothing similar to which , as I believe , had ever occurred before , since the board of controul was instituted ) in this singular way ; viz . that the necessary accounts had not arrived from India . This was certainly strange : and I recommend it to the particular attention of his majesty 's present ministers . Since the end of March 1803 , no statement has been laid before parliament , of the situation of the finances of India . If I were to ask the reason why the necessary and usual accounts were not produced in due time to enable the minister for India to bring forward the India budget for last year , it would not surely be answered , that these accounts were not sent from India in due time ; for , any such delay unaccounted for would involve the direct breach of an act of parliament . But if it were said that the dispatches were intercepted ; that the ship which carried them was captured , and that thus our financial accounts fell