that being obvious , it ought to have been beneath the hon . gent . to catch at words . Was it possible that the hon . gent . could be so mistaken as to understand that any intention existed of disbanding the volunteers ? Sure he was , that if his right hon . friend entertained any such intention , he had concealed it from him . That his right hon . friend said any thing , on the day alluded to , to warrant such an inference , he most peremptorily and absolutely de- 845 nied . It would have been rather more becoming in the hon . gent . to have waved any remark on this plan until it was perfectly understood ; for it was quite clear that he did not understand it ; and it was much to be regretted that some industry was made to propagate a similar misunderstanding throughout the country , but , thank God , with very little success ! With respect to the use made by the hon . gent . of the word `` asylum , '' it could only have been applied by his right hon . friend to the volunteers , as the body which those men in the higher classes of life , who might wish to be exempted from the compulsory training , would naturally choose . The hon . gent . talked of substituting 200,000 men , trained according to the new arrangement , for 300,000 disciplined volunteers . But the hon . gent . did not seem to recollect that it was not 200,000 men merely , but the people of the country in rotation , that would be trained , in addition to the volunteers . The only change on the whole , in the volunteer system , was merely to retain those only who should serve without pay , and that would be conformable to the original principle of their formation . Therefore , the change could occasion no murmurs , unless men were predetermined to complain . He was sorry to hear of the existence of any discontent , although he was persuaded that it could proceed only from misconception . But when the hon . gent . deprecated any intemperance on the part of the volunteers , lest it should furnish their enemies with arguments against them , he would wish to know whom the hon . gent . considered the enemies of the volunteers ? For he knew of no such persons in that house . The hon . gent . might say whom he suspected , but he rather believed that he would feel it difficult to state the grounds of his suspicion . That a difference of opinion prevailed upon this question , both in and out of the house , he was perfectly convinced . He could not hope for unanimity . But , upon a fair and full understanding of the measure , he bad little doubt that the number of its opponents would be comparatively very few . in explanation , said he might have misunderstood the meaning of .the right hon . secretary , as it was now explained . But from the words used , and the concomitant circumstances , of allowing no . drill serjeants , no inspecting field-officers , no permanent duty , he left it to the house to judge , whether he was not warranted 846 in making the interpretation . The right hon . gent . might say , he had explained himself to mean , by relaxation of discipline , only a reduction of the number of days of exercise ; but he gave the right hon . gent . to understand , that there had been no misinterpretation of what he had said , farther than what he had said was naturally calculated to suggest , till it was explained . No wilful misrepresentation was intended . The right hon . sec . who had spoke last , possessed a key to the right hon . gent . 's , meaning , which he did not possess ; but he appealed to the house