of Cumberland , the earl of Darnley , bishop of St. Asaph , and lord Ellenborough . Most of the above peers objected to the proposition , as tending by its strictness , to cause great inconvenience to the peers attending on the trial , whilst , at the same time , there was no doubt at all that that order would be preserved which the solemnity of such an occasion required . conceived that the motion ought to be agreed to , in order to insure that strictness of order which was requisite on a solemn trial by impeachment , but in order to have a public attendance at its discussion , his lordship moved to adjourn the debate till the next day , and that the lords be summoned . On this motion the house divided ; Contents 9 ; Non Contents 15 ; Majority 6 . The report of the committee was then agreed to . expressed a wish that the 2nd reading of the Insolvent Debtor 's bill , which stood for this day might be postponed till Monday se'nnight . declared his readiness to accede to this request , and moved to discharge the order , which was renewed for Monday se'nnight , and the lords ordered to be summoned for that day . presented three petitions from certain mercharats and tradesmen of the cities of London and Westminster , and the Borough of Southwark , praying that the bill might not pass into a law . presented a petition from the debtors confined in the county gaol of Leicester , praying that the bill might pass into a law . took the oaths and his seat for Dunbartonshire , in the room of sir J. Colquhoun , who has accepted the Chiltern Hundreds —Mr . Fellows moved , that a committee be appointed to enquire into the expediency of repealing so much of the act of the 2d of James I. as related to the making and vending of boots and shoes . —Lord Castle reagh moved for a return of the number of effective men in the army , from the 1st of Jan. 1793 , to the 1st of Jan. 1801 , the recruits procured in each year , and the bounties given them : 2dly , of the number of men raised for rank , permanent or temporary , during the same period.—Lord Howick presented the estimates of the expences arising from the additional pay ordered by his majesty in council to be given to the officers and seamen of the navy , between the 1st of May , and the 31st of Dec. , 1806 . —Mr Paull gave notice , that on Monday he would move for the printing of his first article of impeachment against lord Wellesley . —Ordered , on the motion of Mr. Whitbread , that a message be sent to the Lords , with a list of witnesses to be summoned to attend the trial of lord Melville , and Mr. Whitbread was ordered to bear the message to the Lords . It was afterwards ordered , that a note be given to the serjeant at arms , with the name of the right hon . George Tierney , and orders to serve him with notice to attend at all times the trial of lord Melville . rose and addressed the house as follows : —Some time since sir , I obtained leave to bring in a bill to prevent the publication of ex-parte evidence against persons accused of felonies and other crimes previous to trial . It appeared to me , at the time , to be a necessary measure ; and I must confess , that I am of the same opinion still . That opinion , sir , has since been confirmed by what happened about six years ago , at a trial for murder , before Mr. Justice Grose , at the Old Bailey . From the evidence , the learned judge was induced to direct the jury to acquit the prisoner . They , however , staid out many hours ; and on their return , the 903 foreman informed