London in 4 days , well armed , clothed , and fit for immediate service ; and yet to this he prefers his mass , which is only to act , after London is destroyed , and thus serve as a kind of post obit on the metropolis.—I thought that it had been agreed on all hands , that of numerical force the country possessed enough , and that the only difference existed as to its nature and distribution . The rt . hon . gent . in particular has declaimed so loudly against nothing as against the too great variety of force ; his remedy for this evil is to divide the regular army into two distinct classes , to serve on two different terms of service , and to add . to our irregular 996 force this non-descript species of 26 days training . Nor is this the only instance in Which the rt . hon . gent . acts in direct opposition to his own avowed objects ; and does precisely the thing which he sets out with a professed determination to avoid—The rt . hon . gent . has told us that we should find in his plan , the application of all the principles which he has at different times , Stated to the house . I have already had occasion to consider this declaration in one point of view ; as evincing the degre of respect which the rt . hon . gent . entertains for out former decisions . But it is not to be denied that he might have told us , with equal truth , that we should find in his plan the contradiction of all the principles which he has at different times stated ; a recommendation which the house would have been bound to receive with more complacency than the other . Fortunately , sir , the rt . hon . gent . among his other splendid and eminent qualifications , as a debater in this house , has one , which renders it easier with respect to him , than to any other person , to retrace the course of his arguments on the different subjects which come before us . It was said of some ancient orator , I think of Pericles ; that he `` left a sting in the ears of his au `` ditors . '' The rt . 'hon . gent . has a similar faculty . Whatever argument he sustains , he has such a happy talent of marking his way by whimsical analogies and fanciful illustrations , that after his arguments themselves are forgotten , the , remembrance of those illustrations easily recalls them to the mind . I shall be enabled by a few of these illustrations to recall to the recollection of the house the principles maintained by the rt . hon . gent . in the course of his opposition to the plans of his predecessors , and to exhibit these very principles , scattered through different parts of the plan which the rt . hon . gent . has himself proposed for our adoption . Ballot , we all know , was the most odious of all grievances—the most intolerable . Accordingly a countryman , hit by the ballot , was , in the rt . hon . gent 's imagination , like a stricken deer , '' haret `` lateriel lethalis arundo , '' he was like David Simple , looking about for a true friend . Concurrent recruiting—the recruiting for two different services , the limited and unlimited , with two proportionate bounties , —Was another of the rt . hon . gent 's . aversions . This was precisely like the man who had two cats , a great cat and a little cat ; and who must needs cut two holes in the bottom of his study door , one to admit the 997 great cat , the other to admit the little one Nothing could be more absurd ! Except indeed , the recruiting from one Service to another , from the limited to the unlimited ; and this the rt .