and British ships . From these depôts , Cuba , St. Domingo , Martinique , and Guadaloupe , and many parts of the continent of Spanish America , were supplied ; and when it was considered that those colonies were not only the sources of their prosperity , but that they were also the foundation of their maritime strength and power , it would appear contrary to sound policy that we should afford them the means of rivalling our colonies , and of attaining a high degree of commercial prosperity . The possession of St. Domingo alone was , in this point of view , of incalculable value to France before the revolution . It employed a prodigious number of ships , and formed a number of seamen , Of the settlements that had come into our possession since the commencement of the war , some came by right of conquest , and therefore while they remained in our possession , his majesty had undoubtedly the right of legislating for them . There were others which were ceded by capitulation , the terms of which necessarily restricted this right of legislation . His majesty had already , by his proclamation , dated the 15th Aug. 1804 , laid down certain limitations in this respect . It was evidently . against the policy of this country , that great importations of slaves should take place in settlements which perhaps might be restored at the conclusion of peace . He therefore moved for leave to bring in a bill , to carry into effect his maj. 's proclamation of the 15th of August , 1804 , for preventing the importation of African negroes by British subjects or British shipping into the colonies conquered by , or ceded to us in the course of the war . suggested to the right hon . gent. , that in point of form , it was necessary that a copy of that proclamation should be first laid before the house . seemed to consider , that a proclamation of his majesty in council might be taken notice of by the house without a copy . said , that this was a proclamation not binding on all his majesty 's subjects , and therefore it could not be taken notice of by the house , unless a copy were laid before them . He suggested to the learned gent . that it would be the better way to withdraw his motion for the present , 599 and move for an humble address to his majesty , praying , that he would be graciously pleased to order a copy of the said order of council to be laid before the house . agreed in this suggestion , and gave notice , that he should to-morrow move for a copy of the order in council . hoped the right hon . gent . who proposed this measure , would at least allow sufficient time to the merchants of this country to investigate the subject . It was certainly a matter of very great consequence . observed , that in some of the islands taken , particularly at Tobago , there could hardly be said to be a Frenchman . Instead of capitulation , it was with exultation that they saw themselves placed under the British government . thought the right hon . and learned gent . had not made himself sufficiently master of the subject . As to the power of legislating for the colonies that were ceded , as long as they should continue in our possession , it was a right , which , generally speaking , was not restricted by any capitulation . said , that it was his intention to bring in his bill as soon as possible , that it might be read once before the recess ; which he thought would meet the ideas of an hon . general ( Tarleton ) , and give sufficient time for the consideration of the subject . moved the order of the day for the further consideration of the report of the committee of Ways and Means . On the question being put that this report