that deserved the most serious attention of the legislature , as well , with respect to views of justice and policy , as in reference to the obvious humanity of the case . The existing laws , in these respects , called for revisal ; and were capable of much amelioration : he wished some general legislative regulation were made , with respect to the subject . He could not expect , that a noble friend of his ( lord Moira ) , who had more than once come forward on the subject , and who was , in every point of view , so capable of doing it justice , under the present multiplicity of his very important professional avocations , would be able to give the general subject that degree of attention which its various and important nature evidently demanded . However , he seemed to think a temporary regulating bill , such as had obtained in former years , and which , of course , would not occupy that share of time , or degree of attention , which a more comprehensive and enlarged regulation of the law , necessarily would require , might be brought forward , during the present session and be productive of beneficial consequences . The noble lord then presented the petition , the title of which was read by the clerk . and alluded to some forcible objections which had been entertained to partial Insolvent bills ; but , notwithstanding these objections , his feelings and opinions upon the subject were such , that he should be inclined to countenance a temporary Insolvent Debtors ' bill , were such a measure brought before the house ; but circumstanced as he then was , he could not undertake to bring forward such a bill himself . On the general subject , he had not in the least altered his sentiments , they remained the same ; but his duties and avocations were of such importance , and mostly of such a nature , as to admit of no postponement , that he saw no chance of his being able to give a measure of the kind that degree of attention it evidently required . Neither did he think the time and arrangements of the house would allow it , in the course of the present session , sufficiently to investigate and apply adequate legislative provisions , with respect to the general subject . There were two important trials pending , which would occupy all the time the house could spare from its ordinary legislative business ; under these circumstances , he seemed to think the general subject could not be 370 brought forward with effect this session . Besides , it was not only of a very important , but of a various and comprehensive nature ; and the investigation should proceed step by step , as the best means of affording a prospect of a satisfactory issue : but , he repeated , that with respect to himself , he did not feel authorized , under the circumstances in which he was placed , to bring forward a measure of the kind ; but that were such a bill as he alluded to , to come before the house , it certainly should have his countenance . observed , that under his circumstances also , he did not consider himself as duly prepared to bring such a bill before their lordships ; but , as his noble friend who had last spoken stated , he should give every attention in his power to a bill of the kind , if brought forward . He agreed with his noble friends in what they said relative to the general subject . He had , in the course of his long professional experience , seen many instances of individuals deprived of their liberties through misfortune , and had frequent occasion to lament the unhappy consequences in that point of view , of the operation of the present laws . After a few further remarks on this part of the subject , the noble and learned lord said , if such a bill as that adverted