a commander-in-chief , there might be some plea for withholding them as of a secret and confidential nature ; but how they could argue that the letters or dispatches made up by the court of directors , for the purpose of being sent out to India , should be called unofficial and irrelevant upon an enquiry of this sort , he was wholly at a loss to account ; but there was a precedent on the journals , of the 18th of June , 1801 , in direct refutation of such a pretence ; for on that occasion an order was made to lay before the house , copies of the paragraphs prepared by the court of directors and laid before the board of controul , in order to be by them considered , and inserted in the dispatches sent out to India . The right hon . gent. , he thought , must admit , that this conclusive authority ; and there was also another case in point upon a motion made by the right hon . gent . himself , in 1798 . The only argument in which he could agree with the right hon . gent . was , that justice should not be violated ; and if he could conceive that any such violation were likely to result from the production of the papers in question , he should be one of the last men to urge it ; but seeing no such cause of apprehension he could conceive no reason why the house , in proceeding to an enquiry of so much importance , should debar itself from seeing what was the opinion of the court of directors , and of the board of controul , on the subjects of Indian affairs . Those were the officers to whom the government of India was entrusted , and surely , their opinions must be extremely important for the house to know . When the investigation relative to the conduct of Mr. Hastings , was proposed to parliament , and the house had agreed to proceed to the enquiry , if any man had held such language as that of the right hon . gent . this night , in resistance to the production of documents so necessary to the information of the house ; if any man had said , `` Do n't let us weigh down a criminal by such a mass of unofficial evidence , '' he would have encountered the right hon . gent 's strongest reprobation . 820 After the repeated assurances given to the house by the friends of that noble lord , of their readiness to give , upon every subject connected with his conduct , the fullest information to the house , the refusal in this instance was a strong reflection upon the character of that noble lord , and upon the conduct of the right hon . gent . If the noble lord 's conduct was pure and unsullied , he could have nothing to fear from the production of these , or of any other opinions . He himself really had no idea that the noble lord was guilty of any intentional criminality , though , it was possible he might have fallen into errors but too incident to men in great power , by making an improper use of that power , and this was really the utmost he meant to impute to the noble lord . But if differences of opinion had existed between the court of directors , and the board of controul upon this subject , he owned , that it was somewhat singular that the India Co. , and the public , should be put in possession of those differences , and parliament alone kept in the dark . In short , conceiving as he did , that the house , by being possessed of those papers , would have a much more accurate knowledge of the existing state of India , and be of course better capacitated to discuss the subject , he should persist in supporting the noble lord 's motion . declared that nothing ever astonished him more than