the publication of these papers ; but he was of opinion that the enemy had gained more information from marquis Wellesley 's intercepted correspondence , which had been published in the Moniteur , and afterwards translated into all the London papers , from which only the public obtained the information , though the contents of the correspondence ought to have been long before transmitted direct to the governors of the India Company . He was not aware of any danger that could he apprehended Irons the production of the papers , and that there had been no objection felt to granting them on that score , he appealed to the declaration of the noble lord at the head of the board of controul . That noble lord had said that he saw no possible objection to their being produced . said , the conduct of the worthy bart . excited his utmost astonishment ; an astonishment not unmixed with some degree of indignation . Did the hon . bart . mean to crush this business by a side wind ? If he did , he was very much mistaken . The refusal of the papers would avail lord Wellesley nothing . My wish , sir , said the hon . gent . is to accompany assertion with proof , which the hon . bart . seems to wish to prevent ; but opposition can only make me more zealous , an opposition especially of this sort , an opposition completely and entirely unforeseen and unexpected ; as the noble lord who presides at the board of 41 controul , to whom I fairly and candidly submitted the list of the papers , told me there could be no possible objection to the production of the papers I have this night moved for . An hon . member of the same board , whom I am happy to see in his place , will do me the justice to confirm this assertion , if confirmation was at all necessary . corroborated the statement of the hon . gent . and could see no reasonable objection to the production of the papers . He , however , wished the hon . gent . would omit in the last motion the words `` secret service money , '' and allow `` Durbar charges '' instead . replied he could have no possible objection , provided `` the secret ser- `` vice money , '' if any , was included under the head of `` Durbar charges . '' He did not stickle , he said , for terms , provided the substance was the same ; he looked only to substantial justice between lord Wellesley and the public ; and , in conclusion , added , that nothing could deter him from proceeding in the line of conduct he had lain down for himself.—The sense of the house being decidedly in favour of Mr. Paull 's motions , sir T. Metcalfe withdrew his intention of a division , and the whole of the papers were accordingly ordered and agreed to . rose , and spoke to the following effect : —Sir , in rising to submit to the consideration of the house , that motion of which I gave notice on a former occasion , it is my most anxious wish so to conduct myself in this melancholy business , as to avoid giving any occasion for the discussion of points , on which there has been a considerable difference of opinion ; or for at all reviving those political animosities which we have had too often occasion to regret . I should be unwilling to disturb the manes of that great man by dissentions . I mean now simply to propose , that which I am sure the country anxiously expects , that some signal mark of our respect and gratitude shall be paid to the memory of that illustrious character , whose loss we have now to deplore . I am sure that this sentiment is generally felt throughout the nation . I have every where witnessed the feelings of the deepest regret upon this melancholy occasion . We have lost