, brought in by a noble earl ( Stanhope ) . Lord Eldon condemned altogether the principle of that bill . The lord chancellor expressed a Wish that lord Eldon would , at a private interview , assist him in adding to the bill he had already drawn , a proper proviso . Lord Eldon said , if his noble and learned friend would present his bill , he would then propose a proviso . Lord Holland observed , that the two noble and learned lords seemed to differ widely with respect to the intended bill , and the noble and learned lord on the other side the house to differ from himself . He thought it absolutely necessary there should be some understanding as to whether such a bill would be brought in or not . The lord chancellor undertook to present a bill of that description to the house as soon as he had had a private interview on the subject with his noble and learned ( lord Eldon ) . took the oaths and his seat.—Lord Ossulston gave notice that he would to-morrow bring forward a motion relative to the debt of the East-India company.—Mr . W. Smith presented a petition from Messrs. Chalmers and Cowie , Swedish merchants under the following circumstances : when a committee of the house was appointed , during the late scarcity , to enquire into the causes of the high price of provisions , & c. two Swedish merchants had appeared before that committee , and undertook the importation of a large quantity Of herrings , from Sweden , with a view to relieve , in some measure , the distresses of the people . Under the sanction of the committee they sent out a cutter to Gottenburgh to buy up the herrings before the news could arrive , which might have raised the price of herrings in Sweden . A great quantity was provided , and in this situation it was found necessary by government , in pursuance of a more pressing policy , to lay an embargo on Swedish vessels . None could consequently come here from Sweden ; and though the merchants had immediately done every thing in their power to dispose of the herrings to the best advantage , they had lost no less than 35,000l . by the speculation . They 345 applied to the lords of the treasury who sent the matter to be examined by the commissioners of the customs . It had afterwards been before a committee of parliament , but the press of public business prevented a report . The affair , therefore , must be brought forward anew . It was a peculiarly hard case , and deserved the attention of the house . The petition was then ordered to be referred to a committee.—Mr . Babington presented a Petition of the court of directors of the Sierra Leone Company , setting forth , `` that in the mouth of Dec. 1803 , the petitioners presented a petition to the house , praying for a sum of money to be granted to the said company , to enable them to maintain the colony of Sierra Leone ; and that the said petition was referred to a committee , who , after a full and particular examination of the matters contained in it , made their report to the house on the 27th of Feb. 1804 ; and that the committee stated in the said report , that the objects for which the colony of Sierra Leone was established were likely to be more effectually attained by transferring the civil and military authority of it to the crown : but they were also of opinion , that unless such a transfer should be effected , and until it took place , there appeared no better means of discharging the obligations of government towards the Nova-Scotians and Maroons , or of obtaining the other beneficial purposes proposed by the institution of the colony , than by supporting the company 's government as now established ; and the committee also reported , that the expence of the civil Establishment of the colony could not