margins Cornwallis , then governor-general of India , and the late vizier Assul ul Dowlah , in 1787 . 2 . Copy of the dispatches of marquis Cornwallis to the court of directors , or secret committee , on the conclusion of that treaty ; together with a copy of his lordship 's instructions to Edward Otto Ives , esq . on the same occasion , he then being resident at the vizier 's court , 3 . Copies or extracts of the general letter from the court of directors or secret committee to Bengal , approving of the treaty and lord Cornwallis 's conduct on the occasion . 4 . Copy of a minute of sir John Shore , now lord Teignmouth , late governor-general , dated in June or July 1796 , removing G. F. Cherry , and appointing John Lumsden , esq . resident of Lucnow . 5 . Copy of a minute of the marquis Wellesley , late governor-general , removing the said John Lumsden , and appointing col. W. Scott resident at the court of the vizier . 6 . Copy of any minute or appointment empowering the hon . Henry Wellesley , then private secretary to the governor-general , to proceed to Lucnow , accompanied by Grime Morier , esq . as his assistant , or secretary , in 1801 ; and an account of any sum or sums of money drawn by the hon . Henry Wellesley , whilst at Lucnow , or by those employed under him , whether as salaries , establishment , or durbar charges , where drawn , and the authority for such 38 payments . 7 . Copy of a letter written by lord Wellesley , or under his authority , to col. William Scott , resident at the court of the vizier , announcing the special mission of the hon . Henry Wellesley to Lucnow . 8 . Copy of all correspondence between marquis Wellesley , whether in his capacity of governor-general or captain-general , and lieut . general Gerard , now lord Lake , from July 1801 , to the conclusion of the treaty of Lucnow , with copies of lord Lake 's orders to major-general Frederick St. John , commanding the station of Cawnpour , major-general Robert Stuart , commanding Futty Ghur ; with copies of their orders to the other officers commanding corps and stations in Oude , for putting the forces in readiness to march at the shortest notice , from July 1801 to Nov. in the same year . cordially seconded the motions of the hon . member , to whom the house and the public , he conceived , were much indebted , and for whose talents he entertained great respect . He doubted not but that his motives were pure and honourable , and such he hoped ever to find them . trusted the house would excuse him for saying a very few words regarding himself . He assured the hon . seconder , the house , and the public , that he dared the breath of calumny to impute to him , with justice , any motives but those of a public nature . He bore no animosity to lord Wellesley personally , he would exert his honest endeavours to prosecute him to conviction , as the enemy to the happiness and prosperity of India , and to the best interests of the mother country ; he could consider him in no light but that of a great state delinquent , in the situation that Mr. Hastings stood on his return from abroad , with this essential difference , that what was undefined crime in the case of Mr. Hastings , was positive criminality in the case of lord Wellesley . The latter could plead no error in judgment , no ignorance of the laws of his country , having been a member of the British parliament when the articles of impeachment were voted against Mr. Hastings . One word more , said the hon . gent . and I have done . I stand , sir , proud of acting with the party to which I belong ,