mover had contrived to get a. copy from the East-India , directors , and had got it printed and circulated , exclusively among his own friends . The India directors shewed their ingenuity in calculation , 871 when they sent that opinion to the board of controul . They knew that as lord Wellesley was on the point of quitting India , he would never receive it , and consequently would have no opportunity of replying to it . in that opinion they found fault with almost every transaction of lord Wellesley 's government , from the year 1798 , to the year 1804 . Among the things they disapproved of was the expence of the government-house ; and yet the estimate of that shocking government-house was resolved upon not by lord Wellesley particularly , but by the governor-general in council , was transmitted to the court of directors so long ago as the . year 1798 , and was not then disapproved of . After the long series of transactions so beginning in 1798 , the board of directors sent to lord Wellesley , who wished to resign , and requested him to stay in India for another year . And yet the president of that body ( Mr. Grant ) , in that grave and measured tone of voice that gave solemnity to every thing which fell from him , ventured to assert directly , that the horrible business of Oude was not known to the directors when they sent this letter . He should , however , spew , that it was known to them , and even approved of by them , in a letter written by themselves to marquis Wellesley . The hon . gent . then read an extract of a letter , dated September , 1803 , from the court of directors , and signed by Messrs. Bosanquet , Robarts , Smith , Parry , R. Thornton , and thirteen directors . In this letter it was stated , `` that they had perused with great satisfaction the account of the arrangement made with the nabob vizier of Oude , and that they were glad to find that the revenues of the district ceded were more by 21 lacks of star pagodas than had been estimated ; that there was a reasonable expectation of a progressive improvement ; and that they therefore approved of the suggestion in the letter , that the revenue should not be calculated for more than 5 years , in order no ascertain the amount at the end of that period , '' or , in other words , to try whether he could not squeeze something more out of them . The letter also expressed the gene . ral satisfaction with which the court of directors had heard of the commercial treaty to be established with the nabob vizier . After such a document under their own hands , it could not be said that they were not perfectly acquainted with the business of Oude , which two years afterwards they were pleased so Strongly to condemn . He , 872 with the feelings that he entertained for his noble relative , had no other wish than for a full , free , and fair discussion of the question that had been brought forward , and was glad to think that the time for shifting , turning , and evading the question , was now at an end . He thought the mode proposed by the right hon . gent . was the most likely to bring the question speedily to an issue , Mr. Grant explained . He said he could make great allowances for the hon . gent . in the situation in which he stood . He should avoid personalities , and confine himself to sonic of the principal charges of the hon . gent . That hon . gent . accused him of saying on ft former night , that the Court of Directors had known nothing of tile treaty respecting Oude till a short time before their proposed letter of April 1805 was written ; whereas the hon . gent . quotes a