that much additional solemnity would be gained either from the place of the trial , or the number of persons who attended . These circumstances might produce a considerable irritation in the public mind ( which perhaps was what was wanted ) , and it might gratify the vanity of certain gentlemen , in giving them a better opportunity of displaying those talents which they might fancy they possessed . He felt a still greater objection to the trial being at Westminster and a party man , as much as it was in the power of government to do . could not exactly understand what the hon . gent . meant by his concluding observation ; for whether the trial was in Westminster-hall , or at the bar of the house of lords , lord Ellenborough would in either case have the same right as a peer of parliament , and nothing more . As to parliament having shewn its disapprobation to the impeachment of Mr. Hastings , by establishing an East-India judicature , he must observe , that that appointment was made in 1784 , whereas the impeachment of Mr. Hastings began in 1788 ; and , if parliament meant to shew disapprobation to impeachments , it would not merely have created an East-India judicature , but a general judicature for trying offences which were fonnerly tried by impeachment . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Caning ) had spoken of `` the strong arm of government being directed against lord Melville . '' He should have recollected , whether on a former occasion , and when he was connected with administration , `` the strong arm of government '' had not been exerted to withdraw lord Melville from justice , and to protect him from the charges which the house had brought against him . But how was it that government could now be said to use their power ? They only wished to give the greatest publicity to the trial , and publicity had always been supposed the best defence of the subject against the strong arm of government . He thought the general question had been amply discussed ; and should only observe , that the difference of expence between the trial at Westminster-hall , and at the bar , would be to the defendant nothing near what had been suggested in the course of the debate , —The motion was then put and carried . adverting to the petitions on the table from the debtors confined in different prisons observed , that he had hitherto declined to bring forward any measure upon this subject , from a consciousness that he was unequal to the task . The unfortunate situation , however , in which many of his majesty 's subjects were placed by being confined for debt , would not allow him to delay bringing forward a bill for their relief He therefore gave notice that he should , next week , bring in a bill of that description in the form which had several times been sanctioned by their lordships for the relief of Insolvent Debtors . After the bill had been read a first time , he intended to give a very short notice of the 2d reading . and several other members of the house of commons , brought up a message , purporting that the house should attend the trial of lord viscount Melville , in a committee of the whole house , and requiring accommodation to be provided for them . said , it was perfectly clear that accommodation for the whole house of commons could not be provided in that house ; the only mode therefore to be adopted in consequence of the message from the commons was to address his majesty , praying him to provide a place for the trial of lord Melville . There were other points also relative to the trial , to which he wished to call their lordships ' attention . It was of the utmost importance that , in the progress of the trial , all unnecessary delay should be sedulously avoided . It was due to the prosecutors as