evidence , in courts of justice , were not the same now as at the time of the Crusades to the Holy Land , from which period , he believed , they took their date ; for , during the space of 30 years that lord Mansfield presided in the court of king 's bench , he established a variety of rules which were not in use before , and subsequent chief justices had followed the same precedent . Upon full consideration , he was satisfied , that if the bill were not qualified in the manner now proposed , the judge could do nothing in such cases ; and bound , by a declaratory law , could not even listen to any just objections relating to the effect which evidence may have in any civil suits to be afterwards instituted . said , that his learned friend ( Mr. Romilly ) certainly possessed , in a very eminent degree , the faculty of expressing himself with great accuracy , as well as fluency ; but notwithstanding these advantages , he must confess , that with all the attention in his power to give to his observations , he could not 771 comprehend whether he gave it as his opinion , that after this bill should pass into a law , the judge would have the same discretionary power in these cases , as he possessed at present . If that were the true construction of the bill , he should not persist a moment longer , nor have any objection to withdraw his motion , which would be rendered unnecessary , if the judge were not bound to decide according to this law . If the house should think proper to do so , he should feel no reluctance to referring this bill , in its present form , to the twelve judges , and call upon them to say , whether it were declaratory of their opinions ? For his own part , he could not find the rule so much insisted on , in any of the books of law , except in cases where it had a reference to the proceedings of a court of equity ; neither did he know of any authority on which the judges could have been induced to ground their exception , except that of a single case , to be found in the Reports of lord chief justice Parker . The case he alluded to was that of M'Queen v. Newman , in which it was held , that a witness was not bound to answer any questions , against which he would be protected in a court of equity . Lord Mansfield , through a long course of years maintained the same doctrine ; but his successor , lord Kenyon , denied even the existence of the rule . The same judge , however , in a case of an arbitration , which afterwards failed , decided on the trial of the cause in court , that the party was not bound to disclose any compromise he might have offered to make , under the circumstances of the arbitration . But however these decisions might occasionally have varied , of this he was positively certain , and ready at any time to maintain , that according to the genius and principles of the old law of England , a witness was no more compellable to confess a debt than he was to confess a felony . Were it otherwise , the consequence must be , that in a civil suit , a man might be obliged to disclose a former transaction , in which he was guilty of perjury , the effect of which might be to ruin him in his circumstances ; in many cases , even to affect his life . In treating of this subject , in his Commentaries , Blackstone observed , that the law was different on both sides of Westminsterhall for that the court of chancery decided one way , and the court of king 's bench another ; but he continued to say , that he felt himself at a loss to