of kindness , and canvassing for popularity with the army of the crown . In measures which require our aid in point of pecuniary supply , undoubtedly we are at liberty to discuss the propriety of the expenditure , and to refuse to make good what we may think inexpedient or unnecessary . The alterations , therefore , in the Chelsea pension , and other additional comforts and allowances to the soldier , may he fitly stated to us for that purpose at a proper time . But even they , though we may approve of them , ought not to originate with us . No man but must approve of any thing that is likely to contribute to the increased comfort of the soldier ; but I do not like the appearance of taking more merit to ourselves than we deserve ; of talking of the hardships , the virtues , and the deserved remunerations of our army , as if now , for the first time , their case was taken into consideration , as if there were not abundant instances , during late years , under the management , and at the suggestion of those whose peculiar duty it is to watch over the army , and particularly of the illustrious personage who fills the situation of commander in chief , in which the advantages of the soldier have been consulted and promoted , his situation ameliorated , and his means of happiness and comfort enlarged—without all the noise and ostentation with which the rt . hon . gent . now brings forward his plans of improvement , and announces them as if they were the very first of their kind . I should have been glad to see the same noiseless course followed on this occasion . It is better for the discipline of the army . It is more conformable to the practice of the constitution.—If any doubts were entertained , even by the rt . hon . gent himself , of the propriety and efficacy of his plan , what could be less desirable than the public discussion of it here ? But here it is , and therefore discuss it we must , with such lights as we have within these walls and in ourselves : for the rt . hon . gent . has deprived us of all other lights , though no exertion has been wanting on the part of the gentlemen on this side of the house to procure them.— But it is said now , that though we have not 978 the opinion of officers of the army to guide us , those principles of the right hon . gent 's . plan lie deep in human nature ; and that therefore they who have a general knowledge of human nature must be competent to discuss it . We must do , sir , as well as we can ; and first , therefore , we may perhaps venture to suggest with respect to this plan , ( what would be generally true with respect to any other great plan of extensive reform and untried experiment ) , that though it might perhaps be prudently tried under certain circumstances , and with certain limitations , yet that doubts may reasonably be entertained , whether it ought , therefore to he held out as the pervading principle of our whole military establishment , and not only as that , but as the only system on which we are in future to depend for supplying the army ? Ought it not to he first tried upon a small scale , at d then sanctioned when the result is found to be favourable ? If it might be tried in peace , ought it therefore to be attempted in time of war ? If it might be attempted when our military establishment was low ought it therefore to be adopted when that establishment is at its utmost height ? Ought it to be put in force when every circumstance is against it , when no necessity calls for it , then its trial must he hazardous , and when its failure may