endangered were he to answer such questions ; but , since the declaration of the house respecting such his refusal , the petitioner most respectfully acquaints the house , that he is now most ready to attend the said committee , for the purpose of examination , and to answer such questions , deeply regretting his error , and begging pardon for the same ; and therefore praying , that the house will order him to be discharged 360 out of the custody of their serjeant at arms . '' The petition having been read , it was ordered , on the motion of Mr. Whitbread , `` that the said Alexander Trotter be brought to the bar of this house forthwith , in order to be discharged . '' Mr. Trotter was accordingly brought to the bar , where he received a reprimand from the Speaker , and was ordered to be discharged out of custody , paying his fees . The reprimand was as followeth , viz . `` Alexander Trotter ; a committee of this house , charged with the high and important duty of preparing Articles of Impeachment against Henry lord viscount Melville , having reported that you , upon your examination before the committee , refused to give evidence , this house , in its just indignation , ordered you to be taken into custody.—Your example , and the disgrace and imprisonment inflicted upon you , are a warning to all men , that resistance to the authority of this house `` is vain.—But the atonement you have made this day , by an early and full submission , having induced the house to order that you be now discharged ; you are discharged accordingly , paying your fees . '' On the motion of Mr. Whitbread , it was then ordered , `` that what has been said by Mr. Speaker , in reprimanding the said Alex . Trotter , be entered in the journal of this house . quitted the woolsack , and stated , he had a declaratory bill to submit to the consideration of their lordships ; he adverted to the proceedings and discussions which had taken place , and which had induced the proposal of the present bill . These , their lordships would recollect , arose principally from a question proposed by a noble and learned friend of his , `` Whether , according to law , a witness were bound to answer questions , the answers to which did not tend to accuse himself , but to establish , or tend to establish , that he owes a debt , recoverable by a civil suit ? '' On this , the opinion of the Judges was called for , and a great majority of them were of opinion , that a witness had no such right to demur . After such a decision , and what had been stated by his noble and learned friend ( lord Eldon ) , that in the course of his long experience , he never heard of such a claim , urged on 361 the part of a witness ; after what his noble friend at the head of the court of King 's Bench , had also stated to the like effect ; and after what he knew himself , who was exactly in a similar predicament ; he thought the best mode was , to declare the law as stated in those opinions and declarations . It did not appear in the event , that the question proposed by his noble friend , was , in point of fact , liable to any objection ; neither did it appear , that the answers of the learned Judges were not satisfactory to the house : on this principle , the bill he held in his hand proceeded . His lordship then adverted to some subordinate legal considerations , which seemed partly to arise from a contemplation of the particular circumstance which originally gave birth to the measure , and which might be thought necessary to be attended to on such an occasion as the present ; but he thought it proper