bill , while nothing was ready to substitute in its stead , what would the right hon . gent . have said ? Would he not have said ; `` Here , this is your haste to shew your triumph over the gentleman who is now no more ? Could you not have waited with patience , and allowed the act to take its course till you were ready with a substitute ? '' He would appeal to the right hon gent . if that would 469 not have been his conduct ; and , if his right hon . friend now said that this bill formed no part of his plan , did it not follow that this was not the time to investigate or discuss its merits ? in reply to the appeal made to his candour , acknowledged , that it the Additional Force act had been repealed before the new system was proposed , he should not only have arraigned it as an impatience to obtain a triumph , but also have contrasted it with the conduct of his right hon . departed friend , who did not repeal the act of his predecessors , until he had a substitute ready to replace it . For some years , the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) had been saying , that a proper system of defence might be formed by any other than drivellers , by getting rid of the existing incumbrances ; but now it appeared , that he did not find the task so easy as he was in the habit of representing it to be . thought that the different topics which had been discussed this night , would come more properly before the house on a future occasion . He thought , however , that it was hardly correct in the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) to say , that it was impossible the question could have been put from a good motive , more particularly as his noble friend did not press his question concerning the plan which the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Windham ) had in contemplation , but limited it as to the penalties . This he thought was a reasonable and proper question , as , while it was suffered to remain in suspence whether they were to be levied or not , it acted with a double disadvantage . With regard to the expectation that had been said to exist on this side of the house , he denied it to be peculiar to this side , and thought it not unreasonable , considering the pledges that had been held out . The right hon . gent . had been in the habit of considering what had been done on this subject as mere drivelling , and representing it as necessary only to clear away the rubbish . It was not wonderful then that some disappointment should be felt when he was so backward with his plans . For his own part however , he had met with no disappointment . He never thought the right hon . gent 's plans would be realized . He never believed that better plans could be got than those now existing . explained , that he ascribed no bad motives to any one , and had only said that he could see no good one for those enquiries , agreed with the hon . gent . who had just sat down , that this was not the time to enter into a discussion on the subject . He however thought the conduct of the gentlemen on the other side was so extraordinary , that he could not refrain from adverting to a few particulars . They had required his right hon . friend to make a statement of certain parts of his plan , when he had already declared , that the plan he intended to propose , was not entirely arranged . It seemed as if their object was to induce him to make declarations , which hereafter might be stated as a curb on his actions . But what