such great talents and integrity as those respectable characters who composed the present administration , and to banish the joy with which all ranks of men witnessed the paternal care of his majesty , in calling forth persons of the most exalted talents to direct the affairs of the country . If all this alarm was allowed ; if it was found that the public was extremely uneasy ( and indeed , for his own part , he heard no uneasiness expressed any where ) ; if this alarm , in short , was well founded , his objection to the motion was still stronger than ever , because it would not cure the evil complained of . It would go to prevent any privy counsellor from giving his advice to the king in the character of a judge . A very great inconvenience would arise from confounding the privy council with the committee of the privy council . The king had an undoubted privilege to call any privy counsellor to that committee . Because for a number of years no instance occurred of a judge being of such committee , that was no argument that the practice was unconstitutional . He never heard a complaint of any injury 266 suffered from a judge being of the king 's council . And if any reform was now deemed necessary , let a law be passed to declare that no judge shall sit in the council . But there was no occasion for such a law ; because no grievance was to be removed . He did not believe that any such uneasiness as was stated , rested on the public mind , on the appointment in question . If this motion was carried , all judges must be excluded from the privy council as well as the Cabinet . He could not avoid deprecating the moment at which this motion was made . It was necessary that the new administration , to execute the arduous duty which at this moment of danger they had undertaken to perform , should have the public voice and opinion in their favour . Without public confidence , all their talents could avail nothing . He considered this motion to be one as ill-timed and injudicious as any that that ever was made , and , if agreed to , it would be of no avail . said it was a very difficult thing to ascertain the bulk of the public opinion during so short a period as that which had elapsed since the appointment in question . For his own part , he believed the measure had communicated throughout the public a general sentiment of dissatisfaction and distrust . He wanted no reform or alteration . His only object was to preserve the liberty of the subject entire , and in doing that there was no occasion to go back to the reign of Edward III . Those who were called cabinet counsellors , were the responsible advisers of the king . It was a matter of notoriety , that the lord chief justice was not habitually summoned to the council . He was also the first criminal judge in the country . The two situations were incompatible ; and of all the absurd constitutions which modern constitution mongers had adopted , none were more discordant than that of the chief criminal judge being at the same time a minister of state . Suppose the case of a book , declared by the Cabinet to be a libel on his majesty 's government , and the author ordered to be prosecuted ; was it fitting that such person should be tried by a chief justice who was at the same time one of his majesty 's Cabinet ministers , and consequently one of the prosecutors of the very person whom he was trying ? He did not wish to make the slightest personal allusion to the present chief justice of the King 's Beach , but merely to argue the 267 question upon general principles . Arguing in this way , it was well known that the Judges of the court of common law