production of the papers moved for , although he must observe , that his hon . friend did not appear to him to have stated any necessity or parliamentary ground , upon which they ought to be laid before the house . As to the hon . gent . 's allusion to the propriety of a declaration on the part of his majesty 's ministers , relative to the system of government meant to be acted upon with regard to India , he was at a loss to conceive any reason upon which that demand could be justified . No disposition was manifested to deviate from the course which was now pursuing respecting India ; and until such disposition should appear , he apprehended that it was quite unnecessary in ministers to make any declaration upon the subject . Indeed , it seemed to his mind that , according to practice , some resolution should be adopted by the house , expressive of its opinion and wish , before ministers were called upon to enter into the question . The hon . gent . had alluded to the opinions formerly delivered by him , relative to the government of India . To these opinions , he could assure his hon . friend , that he still completely adhered . They were declared above 24 years ago ; and as far as he had since had opportunity of observing the affairs of India , to which , perhaps , he had not attended as much as other men had done , or as much as he ought , he had never seen or heard of a transaction which served to weaken the confidence he entertained in the justice of his original opinions , but winch did not rather tend to their complete justification . However , an act had passed in consequence of the resolutions upon the subject of India , which he had the honour of supporting . That act had been now proceeded upon for a series of years , and when the subject should be regularly brought forward for discussion , he would be perfectly ready to state his sentiments respecting it . At present he should only say , that under that act , a board of controul had been appointed , and of all the boards which had presi- 383 ded over the government of India , he saw least ground to question the intentions , or to ask explanations as to the views , of the present , by whom every disposition was shewn to follow the course prescribed in the resolutions formerly adopted by the house , and of which the hon . mover professed to approve . No one could doubt the propriety of entering into an investigation of the affairs of India : but the present did not appear to him to be the proper time . When the India budget shall be brought before the house , his hon . friend was aware , that the statement to be looked for on that occasion , would naturally be connected with the political system of India , and that then would be the proper time to select for a full discussion of that subject . The right hon . gent . repeated his disinclination to oppose the production of those papers , although no adequate reason was assigned by the mover , although no intention was announced , proposing an enquiry , or of grounding any proceeding upon them . At the same time he took occasion to remark , that he could not conceive any good reason for the alarm and anxiety which was , by his hon . friend , and by other friends , for whom he had a high respect , so particularly stated to prevail with regard to the government of India . It really appeared to him very strange , that a much greater degree of jealousy should seem to apply to the present board of controul , than to that which preceded it.—Upon the whole , the right hon . gent . did not feel the propriety of calling upon ministers for any distinct pledge