been purchased at the enormous expence of above ten millions sterling , besides the depriving our more efficient descriptions of force of many men who would otherwise have entered into them . The expence of the Volunteers then has been nearly equal to the whole of the Property Tax for a year . Great as this expence is , had it produced as much security as could have been procured for time same money in any , other way , there would now be no occasion to attempt to change it . In considering , however , the best way of deriving advantage from the assistance of the population of the country , without citing the example of the Tyrolean peasantry , or the peasantry of any other country , I conceive the general question to be , whether it is better that the mass of the people should be loose and unat- 681 tached , but under the idea of their being liable to be attached , if necessary , to any corps that his majesty , in the exercise of his royal prerogative , may think most proper , or whether they should he put into Volunteer corps under the idea that they are not to be attached to any other body ? I again repeat that my wish was , that the Volunteer corps should consist of a higher class of life , of a better condition , of such a description as it would not be proper to mix with soldiers of the line , and whom no one would wish to see obliged to serve in the condition of a common soldier in a regular regiment , but that the great body of the peasantry , that description of men from whom the regular army ought to be recruited , should not be shut up in those Volunteer Corps . Could I realize my wish to see the great mass of the population of the country so far trained , as to be able , either to act as an armed peasantry , or to recruit immediately whatever losses the regular army might receive in action , then , indeed , I should consider the country as invincible . Should its armies receive a check , it could immediately repair the disaster , and would rise like Antæus , when flung to the earth , with redoubled vigour . The certainty of immediately repairing our losses , while the invaders could not repair theirs , would inevitably turn the victory in our favour . Suppose five regular regiments were to lose 1000 men in a battle with the enemy , I contend that those regiments would be much stronger if they were filled up with recruits such as I have described , than if a regiment consisting of 1000 men were to come up to their support in their skeleton state . These are the ideas that govern me , and on which a wise and permanent system may be established gradually , for I am no friend to sudden change ; the Volunteers may gradually be brought to the state described in 1798 , in a letter of lord Grenville to the lords lieutenants of counties : I mean , that state which would give the country , men of a better condition , and supported at their own expence . In order to effect this purpose , there would he no necessity for any violent measures or severe compulsion . I should propose a very different course from what has been hitherto adopted : instead of requiring a rigid discipline from the people , I should propose that sort of training which will be very easy for them to acquire , and which will answer all the purposes I have stated . Now , to bring things to this state , the first object 682 is , to reduce the scarcely tolerable expence of the Volunteer system . No longer looking to the Volunteers for assistance in the field to the regular force of the Army , I shall propose to relax their discipline , and retrench their allowance . I shall leave