the house could not hesitate to adopt the motion before them . 543 The substantial ends of justice might , indeed , be attained by a trial at the bar of the house of lords , but not with the same satisfaction to the public mind . He had always preferred the trial by impeachment , as more applicable to the high rank of the person accused , and the nature of the charges brought against him ; and for the same reason , he thought that the trial should be conducted with every possible solemnity , so that the public might be convinced that no rank or station , however high , could protect any man from a solemn decision . The public expected this solemn trial , attended with every degree of publicity , and would not be satisfied without it . With regard to its bearing hard on the private fortune of lord Melville , a similar plea had been urged by Mr. Hastings , but it had not been listened to by the house . The hon . gent . also complained of the delay that would ensue ; but this house would not be accountable for any delay that might take place . The house were prepared to establish their charges , and such complaints might be addressed with more propriety to another house . In fact , all the difference in respect of time between a trial in Westminster-hall , and one at the bar of the house of lords , would merely be in their lordships travelling at times between the hall and their own house . He concluded by giving his support to the motion . said , he could see nothing to persuade the house to do that in lord Melville 's case , which it had found so inconvenient in that of Mr. Hastings . In the course of that trial the delay was disgraceful , and the expence intolerable . He had all along been against sending any accused person to be tried in Westminster-hall , if any other place could be found where the ends of justice could be obtained ; and he had formerly contended against taking this case from the ordinary course of law . He was sorry when the house had come to a different determination ; but he still hoped , that they would not adopt that mode of trial , which , in the case of Mr. Hastings , had done them no credit . Every end of justice would be fully answered by a trial at the bar of the lords , while the solemnity , the dignity , and decorum requisite on such an occasion , were liable to be interrupted in the promiscuous assemblage at Westminster-hill . Was the case of lord Macclesfield of less importance than the present ? Were the feelings of the public less interested by it , and less roused on 544 that occasion ? But in his case , a trial in Westminster-hall was not thought necessary . An hon . gent . had said , that it was necessary to satisfy the expectations of the public ; but if they expected any thing beyond the distribution of justice , he did not see how they were entitled to be satisfied . But it might be said , that they looked forward to a great public spectacle ; he believed , however , that the public held such spectacles in abhorrence . The trial of Mr. Hastings had completely disgusted them with such exhibitions . If the 21 days trial of lord Macclesfield were compared with that which lasted eight sessions of parliament , it would be easy to see which deserved the preference . The various necessary delays that must ensue , and the time that must be consumed in a thousand ways , were all arguments against a trial in Westminster-hall . Even the money that might be necessary to fit up Westminster-hall , should not be lightly thrown away at the present moment . We were so touch in the habit of voting large sums , that small sums lost their importance