, it was well known , had refused that step , from the means of contributing to the public service by his counsels and advice . He called on them not to restrain the prerogative of the crown , in the undoubted right his majesty possessed of calling any one of his subjects to his councils . After a few more observations on this subject , the right hon . gent . concluded by moving as an amendment `` That the other orders of the day be now read . '' said , that before he proceeded to state shortly the grounds oft which he was about to support the motion which had been made by his hon . friend , he wished to say a few words , with a view to disclaim the motives which seemed to be attributed to him and those who thought with him , by the right hon . gent . who spoke last . That right hon . gent . had said , that at a moment when the union of all the talents that could possibly be collected was so necessary to meet the dangers and difficulties by which the country was at this moment so peculiarly weighed down , he and his friends were attempting to drive from his majesty 's councils a person of the most eminent talents , acknowledged virtues , manly judgment , and unquestionable integrity , which he had described . He , for one , protested against this most unfair mode of arguing . When a question of this nature was brought forward , if he had his wish , allusions to personal character would form no part of the subject . If the question was at all worthy of attention , and that it was , the right hon . gent . himself admitted , when he told us that this affair had made a deep impression on the country , and that the grounds on which it was supported appeared at first view 299 extremely plausible , if it was at all worthy of attention . then it was fitting that it should be discussed on its own merits , as relating to a chief justice , and not as referring to any particular individual . It was therefore , he contended , unfair in the right hon . gent . to impute any motive whatever to them that pointed at the character of lord Ellenborough , when they in fact argued not from the unfitness of Ellenborough , when they in fact argued not from the unfitness of that noble and learned lord in particular to fill a situation in the Cabinet , but from the unfitness of the place for any person who held the office of lord chief justice . If the high talents and integrity of lord Ellenborough were deemed so essential in the Cabinet—and to every thing that could be said in his praise he was perfectly willing to subscribe—then there was an obvious mode of availing themselves of those talents and that integrity , by advancing the noble and learned lord one step higher , and putting into his hands the great seal ; and , after the panegyrics which had been lavished on the independence of the noble and learned lord , he could not believe that he had refused to accept this promotion , from the consideration that it was better to retain a place for life than accept the precarious office of lord high chancellor . But , not contented with asserting that a judge might with propriety sit in the Cabinet , the right hon . gent . also maintained , that his very independence rendered him one of the fittest persons in the world for such a situation , because he could give his opinions unwarped and unbiassed by any consideration of self-interest . He viewed the matter , however , in a very different light from that in which it was regarded by the right hon . gent . He considered it in that point of view in which it had been represented by his hon . friend near him , who