they had received the message from the commons , and had ordered the necessary summonses to be issued for the attendance of the witnesses , and also for bringing with them , and producing the papers , books , and accounts set opposite to their names . rose , agreeably to notice , to move for leave to bring in a bill , for preventing all interlocutory or ex parte proceedings in criminal matters , from being published in newspapers . No man , he declared , had a greater disposition to support the liberty of the press than he had : none could more anxiously wish that that liberty should be extended to its utmost possible limits . No man , however , who was a friend to the press , on rational and liberal principles , but would wish to see it kept within some fair and satisfactory bounds . It was well known that not a case occurred in which the evidence , supposing it to be even of the most unsatisfactory and doubtful nature , did not find its way into the newspapers , thereby prejudicing the public mind , and there was too much reason to suppose , often even that of the jury , who , it was to be feared , could not always divest themselves of the prejudices they had imbibed in consequence of those partial statements . The practice alluded to was acknowledged by most of his brethren at the bar to be improper and illegal ; and , in evidence that it was esteemed to be such , two editors of papers in the county of Sussex had lately been subjected to 6 months imprisonment for a similar offence . It might be asked , why , in such circumstances , bring in this bill ? His answer was : because the law was not sufficiently known . It had been his misfortune to be counsel in two cases in which complaints of this nature had been made to and felt by him ; the case of col. Despard , and the more recent one of Patch . In both of these cases it was submitted to him , in what way redress could be procured for the injury under which the party was supposed to labour . His answer was , as it would unquestionably be in any other case of the kind ; —It was impossible that 796 any redress could be procured without increasing the odium and suspicion which formerly existed against them . The attorney-general , as the case now stood , could not properly complain , the law on this point not being sufficiently explicit . Neither he , nor the party likely to become the victim of this suspicion , being in a capacity to complain , the question was , Who could ? The learned serjeant 's object was to give a penalty of 100l . to any person who would prosecute in such a case ; and , as he knew the public to be so desirous of hearing statements of this kind , and proprietors of newspapers inclined to stand at no expence or trouble which could gratify the public curiosity he proposed conferring a power of punishing a violation of the act by imprisonment . Not only were proceedings before magistrates , in cases of felony , improper subjects prematurely to meet the public eye , but there were also cases which occurred in the courts in West-minster hall , to which it was his meaning that the present bill should extend , and which he conceived to be equally improper as ex parte statements . These were motions for criminal informations . Such applications proceeded merely on affidavits on one side ; and the facts , as appearing on the face of them , very frequently on proceeding to trial , turned out quite otherwise . It was , in such cases , highly improper that the observations of the judges on those ex parte and fallacious statements , should be read by persons called on , probably , afterwards , to decide on the merits of the case