would go farther , and say , that the meaning of the judge in this passage , was 307 by no means that which the hon . mover ascribed to him . His meaning was to be collected from his illustrations ; he illustrated his meaning here by two cases . In the one , he said , that it was consistent to have the judicial power connected with the executive , or legislative , and this inconsistence was done away by the act of Charles II . which abolished the Star Chamber . Now , what were the powers of the Star Chamber ? They were in all cases to decide without a jury , and without leaving the right of appeal to any other tribunal . The other case was , that despotism was more tolerable in France than in the East , because the judicial power was committed to the parliaments . Therefore by his own meaning , as it must be collected from his illustrations , the sentiments expressed in the passage adverted to will not apply in the present case . But the hon . gentlemen had not made up their minds on this business it appeared . The hon . mover insisted strongly that the admission of the lord chief justice into the Cabinet was illegal , but his right hon . friend near him said that it was not illegal , but that it was inadvisable . Lord Ellenborough had assisted in the Cabinet at the examination of governor Picton , and afterwards sat as judge on his trial . The judges were often called to the house of peers to give their advice to the lords , and therefore might often give opinions which might afterwards lead to trials before themselves in their own courts . Yet this was no objection to their giving their advice to the peers . The lord chancellor sat in the house of lords and voted in appeals from his own decisions . He desired them to look at the case of the rebel lords , in which , as well as in other instances , many peers sat in the Cabinet during the examination , and afterwards voted as judges in the house of peers . Chief justice Eyre hay sat in the Cabinet and examined offender , whom he afterwards tried in his own court . After some instances of the same nature , the noble lord adverted to the case of lord Mansfield . He had in the course of this day seen the original writ of summos issued to lord Mansfield . He could take upon him to say that noble and learned lord attended every council from 1760 to 1763 . In 1763 he left off attending the council , not from any sense of its incompatibility with his judicial situation , but , according to a letter of his own , which was in existence , because he would not sit 308 with the duke of Bedford , whose measures he disapproved of . In 1765 he returned again , and was named as one of the council of regency in the bill framed by sir Fletcher Norton , who would not have included him if the association was unconstitutional . In the riots of 1780 , lord Mansfield was present at the proceedings in the council , and afterwards sat as judge upon the rioters . From all these facts , he could see no parliamentary ground for the motion now before the house . The purity of the judge could not be sullied by giving his advice in political matters . From the earliest periods of our history , the chief justice had been one of the king 's vicegerents , one of the members of the councils of regency , and always summoned to give his advice on cases of great public delinquency . Thus the principle of constitutional law was in favour of the appointment . admitted , that up to 1763 , lord Mansfield sat regularly in the Cabinet , but never after 1765 ; therefore the latter part of his life was , in this