every one must remember something of the Nabob of Arcot 's debts ; it was a tolerably notorious topic . That distinguished statesman , Mr. Burke , had many years since very properly stated his opinion , that a combination of evidence served to shew that sums had been distributed for a course of years , in the name of the old Nabob of Arcot , to the servants of the East-India company , in a most scandalous manner , and that there was strong reason to suspect that most part of the debts demanded were wholly fictitious . And that great orator sheaved that , even if these debts were really due , they were , from their amount , calculated to excite alarm , as the affairs of the company were so distressed , as to be unequal to their liquidation . This the house 759 would recollect was in the year 1784 , when he situation of the India company was almost prosperity itself , compared to what it was at present . But even then , as Mr. Burke remarked , the company 's servants 'were in affluence , while the company itself was very much embarrassed . Yet although such was the case , although the company 's servants were possessed of no less than 10 millions , still their claims of three millions of debt upon our subsidiary princes were paid off by order of the board of control , against the strongest remonstrances from the court of directors , seconded by the opinion of lord Macartney . This Served to shew what might be done through the interest of individuals , notwithstanding this distress of the company 's affairs ; and as bearing very closely upon the present question , he requested gentlemen to look at the speech of Mr. Burke , to which he referred , and which , independently of its relevancy upon this occasion , must be read with pleasure by every man of taste ; for certainly among all the productions of ancient and modern eloquence , nothing could be found worthy to be put in comparison with it . The hon . gent . adverting to the bill in progress through the house , observed , that it was not accompanied by any specification whatever of the amount or nature of the debts to which it was meant to apply . This specification it was his wish to obtain . Seeing that so many millions had been already paid on this score , and that the more these claims were paid , the more they seemed to grow , he desired at once to ascertain their precise extent ; that knowledge attained , questions would then arise whether such claims were made by bonâ fide creditors or not ; whether any , and which of them , should be paid ; whether , in a word , under all the circumstance , that money should be granted to such claimants which ought to be applied to the support of our army and navy ? That no equitable demands were to be found among those brought forward , he was not prepared to say . But , before any were acceded to , the house should be made acquainted with the whole amount . It would be unsafe to proceed without such knowledge , for if a comparatively small sum were at first granted , it would be difficult to say how far the house might be led upon the principles of that grant . It might not be know when to stop , and therefore he thought it best to make a stand in limine . The hon . gent . took occasion to appeal to 760 the house and the country , upon the want of assistance he had experienced from those who ought to be forward , in consistency , to support his endeavours to procure a full investigation of the affairs of India . In this instance particularly there were many for whose presence and co-operation he had a right to look ; among these was the respectable member for Norwich ( Mr. W. Smith