by the house . In discussing this question , there are some general principles upon which it will be impossible , I apprehend , even for the right hon . gent . and myself to differ . It can not but be considered as a serious misfortune for any country to find itself compelled to undertake a fundamental revision of any of its leading establishments . If this remark is generally true , it is not less true with respect to its military establishment , and at no time so peculiarly true as in the midst of war , and possibly at the eve of a contest to be maintained on our own ground with a formidable enemy for the existence of the country The house must feel that in no slight case ought parliament to be called on at such a moment to bring into doubt and question every part of its military system , to paralyze the exertions of some of the main branches of our public force , as well as the Measures already approved and adopted by parliament for the increase of the army . During the protracted period which such a discussion must necessarily occupy , and the doubts it must occasion , can the house , or the right hon . gent . expect that the same energy and spirit will pervade the public 691 force ? The army impatiently waiting to know the extent of the indulgences which are hereafter to attach to the profession of a soldier ( an expectation hazardous to excite , in proportion as it is difficult to satisfy ) ; the militia , to know the extent of the right hon . gent . 's designs for reducing a force , he has hitherto rather tolerated than approved ; the volunteers , whether they are to be doomed to a lingering or an immediate dissolution ? In the midst of such a complicated and extensive enquiry , can the right hon . gent . or his majesty 's other ministers , be equally qualified to discharge their many other pressing duties ? Occupied as his mind has been for the two last months in projects of reform , the right hon . gent . may possibly have forgot that he had any other enemy to contend with than the opposers of his military schemes , or that he had any army within his grasp , which could be turned to the annoyance of our real enemy . I press these considerations to shew that parliament , before it enters upon a task in many respects both difficult and perilous , should require those who propose it to make out to their satisfaction a case , if not of inevitable necessity , at least of strong and evident expediency , before they call for their interposition to the extent claimed . The right hon . gent . in opening the question to the house , has been wholly silent on the present actual amount and composition of the army . He has been as little explicit in stating to the house the points in which he considered it to be inadequate , and the extent to which he proposes to carry it . He has , however , generally laid down the expediency of endeavouring to obtain some considerable increase of that force : in this principle I cordially agree with him . The right hon . gent . has not denied that the quality of the regular army , so far as it goes , is unexceptionable on this highly-gratifying consideration ; it is certainly only to discharge a debt of justice to the illustrious personage who now presides , so much to his own honour , over that army to bear testimony to the zeal and indefatigable exertions with which he has , for a series of years past , followed up its improvement . At no period of our history has the science , uniformity , and discipline of the army , been comparable to what it now is ; and I am sure I speak the sentiments of the profession at large when I assert