greater part of the continent now is , under the absolute power of France ; and no one can feel more desirous than myself , of strengthening their hands to the utmost , that they may be enabled the better to bear up against these difficulties ; but I must contend that , with respect to all the main and leading features which constitute internal strength , and afford the best means of successfully prosecuting the war to an honourable conclusion , no administration ever found themselves , on their coming into office , in a more commanding situation . 707 The noble lord ( lord H. Petty ) has found a revenue highly and progressively productive . Public credit , such as to enable him to borrow for the service of the year on terms highly advantageous to the public ; and the general prosperity of the country , such as to admit of his adopting the manly resolution of raising a large additional proportion of the supplies within the year . The noble lord ( lord Howick ) has found a navy , on the numbers and efficiency of which it is as little necessary for me to comment , as upon their late unrivalled achievements . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) has found an army exceeding by 25,000 men the greatest army the country ever before possessed , and of a description which qualifies them to fulfil every wish their sovereign can form with respect to their exertions , if their character and constitution is not broken down by inconsiderate and speculative innovations , I again repeat , that the government has great difficulties to surmount , but they arise from causes which my late right hon . friend , and those who acted with him , had neither the power nor the means to regulate or controul . Whatever was immediately under his own guidance has been successfully conducted ; and I do not hesitate to assert that on all the essential points above alluded to , viz . the finances , the navy , and the army , compared with the difficulties and embarrassments under which they are disposed to represent themselves as taking the government , the present administration may be considered as on a Bed of Roses . I trust the house will pointedly discourage any attempt to tamper with our establishments at such a crisis , which require nothing but time and perseverance to render them equal to any purpose we can have in view . No case calling for any fundamental change has yet been made out , and until such necessity shall be made more evident , every consideration forbids the entering upon so hazardous an experiment . spoke in substance as follows : — rise , sir , to make a few observations on what has fallen from the noble lord , and which appears to me so extraordinary that I could not have imagined that any human nerves were sufficient to enable any one gravely to make such assertions as he has hazarded . He has told us that the country is now placed in such a state of proud splendour and universal prosperity , as never had been handed over by any ministry to their successors . 708 Gracious God ! and in what does this prosperity , of which he boasts , consist ? Undoubtedly the navy , by the most unparalleled gallantry , and the most wonderful success , even beyond human calculation , is in a state in which the task of my right hon , friend near me ( Mr. Grey ) is comparatively easy . But may it not he questioned whether all the merit is due to the last board ? nay , whether with a reference to the future supply and maintenance of the navy , every thing is quite so meritorious as the noble lord asserts ? But of the splendid victories achieved , is the whole credit to be concentrated in the last 18 months ? Is none due to that Board of Admiralty , at which lord St. Vincent presided ; none