so inconsistent with the true principles of freedom . He Was satisfied , that if ministers did not now see the impropriety of the measure , they soon would be Convinced by the disapprobation of the Country . He rather thought they doubted its propriety , but were too obstinate to confess their error . They would find , however , that it would have been better to lave given up file point when its danger was first exposed ; than to have waited till the discussion rendered it more odious all over the country . He concluded with Saying , that the first error , considering the authorities and examples , was venial ; but , to persevere would be a crime , because without the least necessity the measure risked that which Was so dear and so important to the country , the pure and the unsuspected administration of justice . said , he was not a little surprised at the language of the hon . and learned gent . who spoke last . He seemed to condemn the Conduct of ministers , because , the moment notice was given of the present motion , modesty had not induced them to accede to the object of it without rendering a discussion necessary . The late Minister , with whom that hon . and learned gent . had acted , had not certainly often shewn this excess of modesty , and at leas his right hon . friend near him ( Mr. Fox ) had not the advantage of any such example from their immediate predecessors in office . He did not , however , wonder , that the hon . and learned gent . wished to avoid the debate ; in this respect , his discretion was commendable ; for he had been able to support his favourite position by such frivolous arguments , that its weakness was completely exposed . But the hon . and learned gent . said , he had used the greater industry to collect the public sentiment , and the opinions given , from all descriptions of persons were uniformly against the appointment of lord Ellenborough to a seat in the Cabinet . There were two ways of asking questions ; the one to gratify innocent curiosity , the other to excite mischievous suspicions : what was the design of the hon . and learned gent . in his 336 enquiries , he would not presume to determine.—Some remarks had been made on the new opposition ; he , for one , did not-deprecate their exertions : whether it were an attachment he felt to the old benches , or whatever was the cause , he did not know ; but certain it was , he did not wish to see them hastily abandoned by their present occupants ; he certainly thought every administration the better for an opposition , even that of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) with all his partiality for him . He hoped the new opposition would be vigilant , and even wished that they Might be over-zealous , or any thing but over-numerous . He could endure the language of impatience from the hon . gentlemen in their altered predicament : one of them had lost a warm naval cloak ( Mr. Canning ) ; another , a splendid India shawl ( lord Castlereagh ) ; and a third , a graceful professional robe ( Mr. Perceval ) ; and it was natural to expect , they would feel a little the chill of disappointment . The hon . and learned gent . said , that lord Mansfield was a warning to every chief justice in future , on account of the distress he suffered from his folly in accepting a seat in the Cabinet . Lord Mansfield went out of office in 1760 , for the best reason in the world , because he was turned out . In 1765 , he again came into office , and soon afterwards went out for the same good reason , which he might assign in common with the hon . gentlemen opposite , because he