There were no differences as to facts . said , the reason why government had not participated in the promised payments was , that in 1793 , when the charter was renewed , hopes were entertained , that the war would very soon be at an end ; but , unfortunately , those hopes had been disappointed , and we had ever since been engaged in war , either with the French or the native powers , and sometimes with both , by which the debt had been enormously increased , and the expences of the war had been placed to the debit of the company 's accounts , with no other allowance than the difference between a war and peace establishment ; and yet , from the account made out since 1793 , it would appear , that the company 's dividends had been paid out of the profits of their trade . As to a select committee , he was certain nothing could be done by it that would not be better effected by his majesty 's ministers forming the board of controul . replied at some length to the various arguments that had been made against his intended motion for a select committee . The noble lord opposite , ( said the hon . gent . ) accuses me of reading the act rather hastily : to that observation I shall make no reply . The noble lord ( Folkestone ) who with so much honour to himself , and advantage to the public , has this night seconded and supported my motions , has made so able a reply , and joined so cordially in my construction of the act , that any observation on my part , would only weaken the arguments of that noble lord ; happily , too , I am borne out by the opinion of the right hon . secretary ( Fox ) , of which I am not a little proud . The noble lord has said , that the situation of the company in 1802-3 was flourishing , prosperous , and happy , and their resources ample , and possessed of the means of fulfilling their engagements made in 1793 . The present is not the time for the proof of this assertion ; but I hold in my hand an opinion not likely to be controverted , that of the directors themselves , which I beg leave to read ; it is from the third report of the select committee , dated in the very year 1802 , that year so triumphantly referred to by the noble lord . In the third report of the select committee of the court of directors , after alluding to the letter of my lord Melville , they say , `` Mr. Dun- 220 das ( we quote his own words ) says : When I saw the Indian debt rise to above 10 millions , bearing interest , and still likely to increase , I thought it my duty to state to you the propriety of restoring to India , from your treasury at home , a part of that balance ; and this led me to state , that I was ready to meet the Indian debt , even at the large amount of 14 millions . Every person conversant with the affairs of India , will concur with Mr. Dundas , that the safety of the empire depends , amongst other things , on the comparative magnitude of the debt . He was alarmed , and with reason , when the amount was 10 millions ; but , as an exertion , and with a responsibility of which he appears to have felt the weight , he was ready to meet it on the 30th of June 1801 , at the large amount of 14 millions . However discouraging the prospect may be ( alluding to the debt at 16 millions ) it is aggravated by circumstances which never existed before . The establishments are increased , the political resources absorbed , and it is further intended to deprive the company of a resource , essential to save it