from utter destruction . '' It is for the noble lord to reconcile these contrary opinions . The hon . chairman ( Mr. Grant ) has said , that the trade of the company has been profitable ; but what trade , I ask , and I ask it confidently ? The trade of China has been most lucrative ; for there we have no territory , no armies , no establishments ; but I am ready to meet the hon . gent . and to prove , that the investments from Bengal have been purchased with money produced by loans at a high rate of interest , saddled with a farther Commission of 10 per cent . to the commercial servants ; and that the Bengal commerce during the last five years , has produced a positive loss of not less than 3 millions sterling in the amount invested ; and now the debt and interest remain , and must remain to the last hour of the charter , a debt due in India by the company.—The noble lord and the hon . chairman , have maintained , that the increase of the debt has arisen from wars . Now , sir , primâ facie , the same , in the first place , is contrary to your laws , and the argument , unless the wars can be justified , a very unsatisfactory one . But I deny the fact ; and , if there is one part of lord Wellesley 's conduct more to blame than another , it was the unprepared state of our army , in every essential for commencing active operation when hostilities com- 221 menced . So unprepared was lord Lake for taking the field , that government was forced to means unjustifiable , oppressive , and unjust , to enable lord Lake to move from Cawnpore . Let the requisitions made on the vizier , for elephants , camels , horses , bullocks , waggons , and bearers to carry the sick and wounded of the army , decide the question . I deny again , that to the war is to he attributed the alarming state of the debt ; it will be found in your system of finance , in the provision of your investments , and in the profuse , wasteful , extravagant , illegal expenditure of the public money by the late governor-general . I was anxious and eager to abstain from all mention of that nobleman on the present occasion ; but , when causes unfounded in fact are to go forth to the public , I feel it my duty to state the true causes of the increase of the debt which we so much deplore , however galling they may be to the noble lord alluded to.—Another hon . gent . ( Mr. Johstone ) has stated this motion as premature , and advised me to stay for the budget . Sir , the budget has nothing to do with the object I have in view ; it is to the errors of the system I object . Besides who , I ask , attends ' to the voluminous accounts yearly produced ? they are only calculated to tire the reader , not to instruct . But , sir , I repeat again , the correctness of the accounts , and the sums total , are foreign to the object of enquiry I have in view . The system of finance , of commerce , of expence , are all faulty , all defective ; and it is to these I wish to apply a remedy through the means of a select committee.—I would willingly comply with the suggestions of the noble lord ( Morpeth ) , did not a sense of duty prevent me . The negatives will prove the breaches of law ; and I must persevere in my motions , and divide the house , if they are objected to . One word more , sir , and I have done . The line I am pursuing is to me a troublesome one , and no personal advantage can possibly result to