breasts of other commanders , in every particular , to emulate his admirable conduct . thought it unusual to word such motions so minutely , which it was the usage of parliament to express in the most general terms . He should , however , willingly adopt the spirit of that part of the amendment which recognized the services performed by lord Collingwood , after the battle of Trafalgar . rose and spoke as follows ; I can not refrain from troubling your lordships , with a few words , from the very high opinion I have long entertained of that truly meritorious officer lord Collingwood , 80 as well as of the earl of Northesk , and the very many captains I have a high respect for , that bore so conspicuous a part in the glorious and unparalleled victory of Trefalgar ; and I will venture to presage , that the noble lord now in the command of his majesty 's fleet in the Mediterranean , wants only an opportunity to prove himself another Nelson , in judgment as well as valour . No one is better able to estimate the transcendent merit of the late viscount Nelson than I am , as it was my good fortune to have his lordship three years under my command , with opportunities of placing him in situations that gave full scope for the exercise of that zeal , judgment , and bravery , I well knew to be inherent in him ; therefore , whatever tends to perpetuate to the latest posterity the great and brilliant services of my late much lamented , and truly respected friend , must have my most cordial approbation ; and to give it , is highly gratifying to my feelings . After what has been so very ably , fully , and justly expressed by the noble mover , it would ill become me to trespass longer on your lordships ' indulgence . said , he could not content himself with giving a silent vote upon the motion before their lordships . The events of the last summer were among the most brilliant achievements which were to be found in the naval annals of England . There was not one of those actions which was not entitled to distinct praise ; but the victory of Trafalgar stood proudly pre-eminent , and eclipsed the glory which would otherwise have encircled them . He should consider it as one of the happiest circumstances of his life that he had been connected in administration with a noble earl ( St. Vincent ) , to whose judgment the selection of lord Nelson for the command in the Mediterranean was to be attributed . Of the zeal and distinguished talents of that great commander he had occasion to judge , and the result of his judgment was , that no officer was ever better qualified for the important enterprizes which had been committed to him . He had left behind him a name which would ever exist in the memory of his countrymen . The feelings which his glorious but lamented death had excited , even smothered and suppressed the exultation which would otherwise have followed the great event that had . occasioned it . It was one of the great qualities inherent in his character , that he inspired all around him with the same gal- 81 lant enthusiasm and ardent zeal in the service of his country which he felt himself . In the prime of his life , in the blaze of his fame , he had fallen . His death had made an indelible and lasting impression on the hearts of his countrymen , but it had this of conselation in it , that it left a glowing example to future times . With the highest opinion of the conduct of lord Collingwood in the late action , for which no praise could be too great , he wished the illustrious duke would not insist upon the amendment which he had read . He thought it adviseable , upon such occasions , to adhere as closely as possible to former precedents observed , with respect