declaration he alluded to was made before there was any prospect of an immediate change , on the first day of the session , when the right hon . gent . had observed , on a wish being expressed for some delay of the public business under the circumstances of the moment , that five days delay was the longest the military system would admit of . This declaration had been made under circumstances of a peculiar nature ; and with what feelings , he left the house to determine . The right hon . gent . had wholly mistated the argument of his noble friend . He assumed , that it was admitted on their side of the house , that some remedy was necessary . But in their observations they did not compare the right hon . gent . 's measure with their own , but with his promises ; not with the system hitherto acted upon , but with that which he had held forth : They compared what he was to do , with what he had promised he could and would do . A long delay had taken place since the accession of the right hon . gent . to power , and yet he did not think himself called upon to make any previous declaration to the house and the country , of the measures he proposed to adopt . But no person , who had attended to the discussions in that house for the last four years , would think the application for information on such topics very new . It was particularly to be expected from an administration , combining , as had been asserted , and as they themselves represented , and what he was not disposed to deny , all the talents , all the abilities , arid all the experience and wisdom of the country , that they should be ready to bring forward their measures without much delay . The right hon . gent . had proposed many systems , and advanced many theories for the public service before he was in office , and yet he had been so long in administration without either having made up in his mind , or been 464 able to persuade his colleagues to agree to his plan . If they were to agitate these questions with a view to draw from the right hon . gent . a premature disclosure of his measures , they would ill discharge their duty to the public . But it was to be recollected , that the late ministers wished for a varied force ; the right hon . gent . on the contrary , would have it all uniform , that is , of the description applicable to foreign service . Was it not therefore alarming , that so much time should have been suffered to elapse without his having stated his intentions on this head ? They wished to keep up the Volunteer force ; he , on the contrary , though he did not depreciate or undervalue the Volunteers individually , had declared the whole system to be radically wrong . Was it not therefore alarming , and was it not natural , for those Volunteers , who , in a military view , had fallen under his suspicion , should be anxious to know , as early as possible , what measures the right hon . gent . meant to adopt with respect to them ? Another source of anxiety arose from the circumstances relating to the Additional Force bill . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) high in the confidence of the present ministers , had on the first day of the session given notice of a motion for its repeal . Was -it not matter of great anxiety to know the course that would be pursued with respect to this measure ? Another source of anxiety was the principle of responsibility being confined to the individual member of the administration , who was particularly concerned in the execution of measures . From this doctrine he differed . The aggregate , and not the individual