a man of the purest and most disinterested patriotism , of the most exalted talents , whose energy and whose firmness 42 have , in times of the greatest difficulty and danger , been eminently serviceable to his country . Under these circumstances , I have wished to avoid entering into the details of his long administration , or mentioning any thing which could provoke a discussion respecting any separate and insulated part of his conduct . Upon this occasion , I propose to the house to take as a precedent , the honours which were paid by a former parliament to the memory of his illustrious father , the great lord Chatham . I think that it is provoking no difference of opinion to say , that his son was at least as great a man as he was . I , therefore , intend to adopt the very words of that precedent in the motion with which I shall have the honour to conclude . There is only one observation that I wish previously to make : as I happened not to be in my place , on a former night , when an hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) suggested that it would be proper to postpone the consideration of my motion , until another discussion should have taken place , I must now say , that my motion is founded on the review of a long administration of upwards of twenty years , during which the exalted personage whose loss is so much felt and lamented , enjoyed the approbation of the country . With this impression I thought it would be improper for me to postpone a motion , the ground of which was the general character and conduct of the object of it , merely on account of the possibility of discovering some error in his administration upon the subject of treaties , which are not yet in possession of the house . I shall therefore conclude with moving , `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , that his will be graciously pleased to give directions , that the remains of the right hon . William Pitt be interred at the public charge ; and that a monument be erected in the collegiate church of St. Peter , Westminster , to the memory of that excellent statesman , with an inscription expressive of the public sense of so great and irreparable a loss ; and to assure his majesty that this house will make good the expences attending the same . '' rose to second the motion . He had opposed the measures of the right hon . gent . during a great part of his political career , but was not , however , disposed to refuse any consistent mark of respect , as a tribute to the integrity of his character , and his rare and transcen- 43 dent talents . He would not be understood , in voting for this motion , to mean any condemnation of the line of conduct he had himself pursued , whilst opposing the measures of the right hon . gent . now unfortunately no more . He had since acted with that right hon . gent . but though ranked amongst his political friends , he had not enjoyed his private friendship . In the support he gave to the present motion , he was actuated solely by his admiration of his virtues and extraordinary talents , which might be justly appreciated without the advantage of familiar or friendly intercourse . He thought the house called upon to pay some signal mark of respect , in this instance , by perpetuating the memory of a member so able , so eminent , so distinguished , and disinterested . rose , and said : Mr. Speaker , I can not , consistently with my feelings of public duty , agree to the motion which you have just read ; I greatly commend the manner in which the hon . gent . has brought it forward , and in opposing it I will endeavour to follow his example , to avoid