the establishment of packets , and granting large salaries and sinecures to his followers , ( amongst which was the grant of 1500l . a year to sir William Burroughs , ) amounting altogether to the sum of 1,300,000l . ; the erection of a college at Fort William , without the authority of the company , which cost 181,689l . ; an necessary journey of the noble marquis , in 1801 , to the upper provinces , in which the most extravagant expenditure took place , one item of which was for 1100 boats , and the whole charge 30,000l . There was a charge also of 220,000l . for the erecting and up a palace for the residence of the marquis , which was decorated in a style of splendour unparalleled even among Eastern princes . There was a charge for house and garden for the noble marquis at Bhurtpore , 15,000l . Besides all this , there was a charge for reviving a body guard of cavalry , which had been put down by sit John Shore , who , on a principle of economy , was satisfied to be attended on state occasions by a party of the garrisons commanded by a captain ; but marquis Wellesley resolved to revive this body , and to increase his own splendour ; and it wag maintained , for the first five years , at an annual expense of 40,800l . ; and for the whole period , including for horses . accoutrements , 857 and outfit , the sum of 240,000l . There was also a large sum advanced by the marquis for building a town-house for the citizens of Calcutta , the cost of which was afterwards to be reimbursed by them in such subscriptions as could be obtained Within four years ; statue of lord Cornwallis was designed to be erected in the town-house , instead of which , was thrown amongst the rubbish , in the vaults under the building , and an expensive statue of lord Wellesley erected in its place , and this at a time when an arrear of five months pay was due to the troops . The next Charge against him was , the appointment of his brother , the honourable Henry Wellesley , in 1801 , to the government of Oude , with the title of governor and commander in chief , and at an expence , in thirteen months , of above 26,000l . which exceeded the annual allowance of the company to the governor-general . He arbitrarily retained in his own hands , to the exclusion of all authority or interference from the court , to the amount of 628,206l . per annum , and Under the influence which such a patronage enabled him to exert , he procured addresses from every part of the country , in approbation of his justice , conduct , and services ; and further , although the trade laws of the country strictly forbade him to accept any money , from the people of the country , in consideration of his official authority , yet he received for the luxuries of the table , and other purposes of his own private gratification , no less a sum than 120,000l . ; and While he was thus misapplying such enormous sums of the company 's property to the most corrupt and profligate purposes , and for the maintenance of his household and establishment in the most gorgeous stye of splendour and profusion , he was supporting those extravagancies by loans borrowed in the name of the company , nominally at an interest of 12l . per cent . but , from the manner in which they were raised , at a real interest of 16l . per cent . Throughout he had set at nought the authority of his employers , and acted in direct opposition to his instructions . Mr. Paull concluded his statement by saying , he had read it as part of his speech , and should now move that it be ordered to lie on the table . observed , that he apprehended that could be no question