common law , because it was indispensably necessary to them , but it had always been the reverse in the courts of common law , the judges of which had uniformly been governed by their own rules . Another reason which induced him to disapprove of the proviso , was , that the bill declared what the opinion of the majority of the judges was , and they , in delivering those opinions , had not , in any one instance , referred to the rules of equity . He thought that , from the expression `` generally speaking , '' the judges did not lay down the rule universally ; but , as the house were now about to declare the law , they should be extremely careful not to do so , contrary to the opinion of the majority of the judges.—The question was then put , and the proviso . negatived . said , there was a short answer to the argument of the right hon . gent. , that the principle of enlisting soldiers , in general and even colonial service , for limited and short periods , was new to the British service . On the contrary , so far from being new , it was neither unusual nor unfrequent . It had been done in the seven-years war ; it had been done in the American war , when men were enlisted for a term of only 3 years , and the number of men raised after the adoption of this measure , far exceeded what had been raised prior to it . He could not therefore see what necessity there existed for calling for opinions on a subject , the merits of which had been already decided by experience . observed , that the impatience of the right hon . gent . that night for the production of the papers which he moved for , was pretty much of a piece with . the eagerness which had prevailed on other points , with a view to anticipate the premature discussion of subjects not before the house . The question to which the motion and the argument of the right hon . gent . that night were directed , was not before the house ; and when it should be brought forward , the house should certainly have the full benefit of those opinions to which the right hon . gent . had alluded . He was , however , a little surprised that the right hon . gent. , in his speech on the subject , had not been able to anticipate some part of the objections likely to be urged against his motion : and , considering the tenacity of gentlemen on the other side of the house , on the subject of producing papers moved for , when they were in office , the endeavour to press the production of those documents moved for that night , was rather an unfair attempt to place his majesty 's ministers in a very awkward and unpleasant situation . The right hon . gent . must certainly admit , that however it might be the wish of ministers to comply with the motion of any member for the production of documents in their possession , in order to the fullest information of the house , yet , that there were often papers which those in office must 781 feel it their duty to keep back ; and though the inference drawn by the right hon . gent . on the present occasion was not a just one , yet it might be , that the papers now to be withheld , were so withheld against the inclination and wishes of his majesty 's ministers . For his own part , however , he would candidly own , he made no such sacrifice , having no wish on the subject , one way or the other . But though , for the reasons he should hereafter state , he might deem it necessary to withhold those papers from the right hon . gent. , he could assure him , so far from being decisive in