hon . gent . absolutely overwhelmed with similitudes . It was like decanting ; it was like double distillation ; it was like a pump ; it was like capillary tubes ; it was like a reservoir ; it was like a cow 's stomach ; it was like the lobby of the House of Commons . Now , Sir , nothing , as I have said , can be more happy than these illustrations : they are very useful too , as they afford a due through the variety of the rt . hon . gent . conceptions ; —not a due , like that of old , by which the rt . hon . gent . might be able to find his way back out of his own labyrinth : but rather like that of the fair Rosamond , by which his pursuers are enabled to follow him into it . Strange as it may seem , therefore , when we follow the rt . hon . gent . into all the recess and intricacies of his plan , we find him employed in putting together all the old exploded contrivances of his predecessors . Who could have thought that these heterogeneous materials , on which he has exhausted all his pleasantry , the stricken deer , and David Simple , and the cat and the Kitten , and the decanter , and the still , and the pump and reservoir , and the capillary tubes , and the cow 's stomach , and the lobby of the lobby of the House of Commons—that all these would after all , be found in the philosophical apparatus with which the rt . hon . gent . himself is to exhibit his own military experiments ! —Yet so it is . The ballot he proposes , it is true , to abolish in the militia : but he establishes it for his trained mass , in a tenfold proportion and accompanied ; as usual , by its old friend , fine . The concurrent recruiting he proposes , to introduce into the English militia : the transfusion , or double enlistment , be continues where he finds it , in the Irish : contradicting in this manner , every principle which he has himself promulgated , and adopting every practise which he has himself condemned . — I am far from contenting , however , that by this contradiction of himself alone , the rt . hon . gent . has necessarily precluded himself from forming a good plan . I contend on other grounds , that he has nor formed one ; and on these grounds I contend that he has viciousness of the principles of those which he proposes to abolish . I contend , therefore , that the question which the House has to decide to night , so far as the additional force bill is concerned , is purely 998 a question of comparison , —of comparison between two modes of applying the some principle , that which already exists and which has been found good for something at least , and that which the rt . hon . gent . purposes to propose , and which promises nothing salutary , and nothing useful . It is not a question simply , whether the additional force bill shall be repealed and its principle altogether got rid of , —for the principle after all the rt . hon . gent . promises to reenact ; —but whether we shall gratify him by giving up a measure altogether , which a little alteration may make unobjectionable , and then trust to such hopes as he has given us for a perfect system to be produced hereafter . That any thing which ha has yet opened deserves that name , the most sanguine of his admires can not contend or believe.—But even if the Additional Force act had failed of its effect as completely as the rt . hon . gent . contends , which ( I deny ) let the rt . hon . gent . moderate his imaginary triumph , and before he congratulates himself on having