had been alluded to on this occasion . It was childish to say abuses should be suffered to go on because enquiry was inconvenient . To abstain from the production of a paper of the most useful general nature , because part of the information it contained might be applied to a particular question , he looked upon as foolish and absurd . The questions on the marquis Wellesley 's conduct were so plain and direct , that they could be easily decided upon , without having recourse to collateral or remote matter , which nobody would think of connecting with them . said , that whatever his opinion might be of the system of measures pursued in India , in the latter years of lord Wellesley 's administration , as indeed of many of those measures he could not help thinking very unfavourably , yet he was no way concerned in bringing forward the enquiries respecting them , which as hon . member ( Mr. Paull ) had agitated in that house . It was not the practice of the court of directors , to bring impeachments before parliament . They were not represented in 827 that house ; concord between the different branches of the India administration , was in general important to the due management of affairs ; and the situation of the court was a delicate one , when they had contend with persons of high rank and , connections , who filled the first situation in the India government , and supported probably , as they would be by the administration at home ; under which circumstances , the mode of impeachment must be a very unpromising and inexpedient one for them to take . Even without proceeding to that extremity , they must in the circumstances described , sometimes find themselves under great difficulties in following what appeared to them to be the path of duty . Besides this general reason which weighed with him as a member of the Direction , he thought it evident that unless the leading talents and influence of that house supported a motion for impeachment , an attempt to introduce it , must prove a vain attempt ; he moreover thought the present crisis , in which the safety of the nation called for the chief care and attention of the house , an unsuitable time for going into so intricate and tedious a business as the impeachment of an Indian governor would be found ; and he avowed still another reason for being disinclined at the present moment to the agitation of such a measure , namely , the importance of preserving to the country in its actual situation , the union of all the talents and interests which formed the present administration , among the members of which , it was understood that a difference of sentiment respecting the conduct of the late government did exist , and that difference , if they were forced into the public assertion of it , perhaps upon various points , might have consequences prejudicial to the country . Influenced by these views , though he had at first approved of the intention of an hon . colleague of his Huddlestone ) to move for an extract of the paper now in question , as calculated to elucidate a subject already before the house : yet , on further consideration , and on hearing the ground on which that motion would be resisted , he had avised his hon . colleague to drop his intention . But the present motion was a very different one . It did not call for an extract of the proposed dispatch of the court of directors , in order to throw light on the Oude negotiation of 1801 ; it called for the whole of that dispatch , not with any particular reference to 828 the charge respecting Oude , but for the purpose of bringing the general matter of it before the house . This was a new question ; and to such a proposition he could not refuse his assent , because if he did , it might seem that he was