and being added to the surplus of 1803–4 , would make the surplus of subsequent years rather more than 450,000l . Such was the increase of revenue under British care , while the Nabob lived , not in the embarrassed condition of his predecessors on the musnud , but in a state of comfort , affluence , and splendour . Such were the fruits derived from that undivided government which the late marquis Cornwallis wished to establish , as appeared from the following extract of his letter to the court of directors , dated the 10th of Aug. 1790 : `` I must freely own , '' says the noble marquis , `` that I could not venture to propose any plan , on the success of which I could have any firm reliance , unless the Nabob could be induced by a large annual revenue , regularly paid , and properly secured to him , to surrender the management of his country for a long term of years , to the company.—The Nabob 's age , his long connection with us , his right to the possession of the country , which , however , without our assistance , would have been but of little value to him , and exaggerated accounts of former services , may furnish topics for popular declamation , and may possibly engage the nation , from mistaken ideas of humanity , to support a system of cruelty and oppression ; but whilst I feel conscious that I am endeavouring to promote the happiness of mankind , and the good of my country , I shall give very little weight to such considerations , and should conceive that I had not performed the duty of the high and responsible office in which you did me the honour to place me , if I did not declare , that the present mixed government can not prosper , even in the best hands in which your part of it can be placed ; and that unless sonic such plan as that Which I have proposed should be adopted , the inhabitants of the Carnatic must continue to be wretched , the Nabob must remain an indigent bankrupt , and his country an useless and expensive burthen to the company , and to the nation . '' This , said the hon . gent . was a sufficient proof that the late marquis Cornwallis entertained a just conception of the best mode of promoting the British interests in India , and establishing the happiness of the native states connected with the company . The recommendation of his lordship was , in 1801 , effected upon a more 734 extensive scale by lord Wellesley , and in this respect the system of both , although it was the fashion of the day to point out the variances in their plans , was precisely the same . The hon . gent . added that his only intention was to state the advantages resulting from the de facto government of the Carnatic ; whether , when its origin was taken into consideration , it was a government de jure , he would not now pronounce any opinion , as the question ought to have no place , for the reasons he had before adduced , in the discussions of the bill he should have the honour to propose . Having explained the origin , amount , and conditions of the fund to be applied , under the directions of the deed , to the liquidation of the just debts of the late Nabobs of the Carnatic , he then proceeded to state the mode to be employed in ascertaining the bonâ fide claims , in separating the real from the fictitious creditor . Three commissioners were appointed by the East-India co. with the concurrence of the creditors , for the purpose of examining the origin , nature , validity , and justice of every individual claim , and each claimant was bound to prove his debt . This proceeding was in strict conformity to the principle laid down by the late Mr. Burke , in his famous speech on this subject