discussion which might occasion some uneasiness and alarm to the public mind ; but as those doubts had been stated , and were considered worthy of discussion at the present moment , it was necessary that the question should be set at rest . It appeared to him , that the tendency of the objections which had been made would be to fetter the legitimate prerogatives of the crown , to limit the sphere of public duty , and the means which his majesty possessed of calling for the advice of persons of distinguished ability , in his privy council . Whatever would tend to withdraw from the public service the great abilities of the lord chief justice , he should deplore as a public calamity ; but still it would be a sacrifice that must be made , if the law and the constitution required it . The noble and learned lord ( Eldon ) had , however , given up the point , so far as to confess , that it was not illegal or unconstitutional , but considered , that it was so highly inexpedient , that he hoped lord Ellenborough would , upon consideration , resign his situation at the Ca- 269 binet . The subject had been for some weeks under the consideration of lord Ellenborough , and that noble and learned lord had not pleaded `` guilty '' to the charge of having accepted it situation which it was not proper for him to fill . The case of lord Mansfield was by no means a solitary case , as had been stated . Lord Hardwicke had for six months united the offices of chief justice and chancellor , and during that time sat in the Cabinet . There were numerous instances of judges being privy counsellors ; there were also instances of lords chief justices executing much higher offices than that of Cabinet minister ; although , certainly , it was not to be expected that many antient precedents could be found for their having a seat among that selection of privy counsellors which had been lately termed 'the Cabinet . ' In the 5th of queen Anne , a bill was passed for regulating the succession of the crown , by which lords of regency were appointed to exercise all regal functions for the term of six months , or until George I. or the heirs of the house of Hanover , should come over to this country . Among these lords regents was the chief justice . This was certainly a much more executive office than that of a Cabinet minister . A bill of such importance did not pass without the most serious discussion , and great difference of opinion ; but no one ever thought of objecting to the lord chief justice being one of the regents . Again , in the year 1751 , there was a council of regency appointed by an act of parliament , which was much discussed in every stage , and in the discussion of which there were several conferences between the two houses . The then lord chief justice was in this instance also appointed one of the regents , without the slightest objection having been made on account of his office . These appeared to him to be very strong precedents indeed . There had been two instances of lords chief justices having been as regents appointed to exercise the functions of royalty : there were the precedents of lord Mansfield arid lord Hardwicke , who actually did sit in the Cabinet when they held the office of chief justice , and there were innumerable instances of judges having been also privy counsellors . There had been in modern times some change in the privy council . Their proceedings were now of a more public nature , and not connected so much as they had been in former times , with the arcana of government . 270 He believed it would be very hard for any noble lord to point out by the constitution , any difference between a privy counsellor and a member of the Cabinet . The oath of