the general ) should bow to his opinion on military affairs ? Is a young lieutenant , whose parents may happen to possess abundance of wealth , to be permitted to say to his superior officers , `` I will buy you all out , and take the command of the regiment ? '' Is the sensibility of the regular army to be so severely wounded ? and what , I ask , is the advantage to be gained by this violation of individual honour ? Is a gentleman , who has distinguished himself in the most dangerous services , to be placed under the controul of a man utterly ignorant of the duties of the profession of arms , and who has experienced none of the perils and suffering to which that honourable occupation is exposed ? In future I would recommend that no Volunteer should hold a higher rank than that of captain ; that is , that no officer of the line of a higher rank 688 than that of captain , nor any captain commanding a corps , shall be commanded by an officer of Volunteers.—These , sir , are the principles from the adoption of which I look for a permanent and great supply to the regular army . On the other hand , our population will be prepared to harass the enemy on his march , and nearly every individual of the country will he prepared to fill the station of the man who shall fall , at least he will be so far trained as to make a soldier in a very little time . This measure , if authority were wanting to recommend it , is calculated to do what was recommended by the eminent statesman we have lost . It is calculated to obtain that point most desirable for the country—to get our whole population gradually into that trained state , in which every one would be capable of being made a complete soldier in a very short time and with very little trouble . The measure I propose , will give one general training . It will give it with very little trouble , and without taking the men from their homes . It will give it by portions without much expence , and commutable for voluntary service in a corps . It is to be but an annual measure , in order that the opportunity of revision and amendment may recur as often as possible . Compulsion will have no place in the system , unless it should become indispensable . As to the operation of the measure ; so little do I look to it for immediate effect , that I expect the seed will be some time in the ground before it shews a blade . I promise no rapid growth . I do not profess to be able instantly to remedy the evil . When things have been so long going wrong , it is unfair to expect a nostrum that shall without delay cure the disorder . The number to be raised under the Levy en Masse will , I should conceive , be about 200,000 men ; with regard to the bounties , I do not conceive that an immediate operation ought , under the present circumstances , to be expected , but , they will , in the language of ? Change , be `` looking down . '' I trust the measure will tend to reduce the present exorbitant bounties . I do not mean to state that the measure now proposed is one of more confidence than others , but I hope it will wear well . I have now , sir , only to return my thanks to the house for the indulgence afforded me during the long time I have trespassed on its attention , and shall conclude by moving , for leave to bring in a bill to repeal the act passed in the 44th of his majesty , called the Additional Force bill . The question being put , and spoke as follows : —Sir ; however widely I may differ in opinion from the right hon