, and even according to what was now proposed , would be inadequately provided for . It was of the utmost consequence to attach that class of men so to the naval situations they held , as to take from them all wish of inducement to go into the merchant service ; to which , he lamented to say , that many of them were at present strongly inclined . He had no objection to the gradation made from admirals to lieutenants , but very much wished that greater attention had been paid to the pay and situation of the first lieutenants of men of war , who had now no more rank or pay in the service , than young lieutenants of a day 's standing , though in action they were every moment liable to have the whole command of the ship . He thought that , for the sake of maintaining a proper distinction , they should be allowed a further daily encreased of 5s . pay , which , to the nation , would not make an additional expence of more than 5l . a day throughout the whole navy . As to the warrant and petty officers , he would again repeat , that they were the flower and strength of the navy of England , and amongst other things , had charge of the stores of the ships , which cost the nation so many millions . He thought it but reasonable that their pay should be encreased to 5l . a month , which was what they could get in the merchant 's service ; and as there were but 3 of them in each ship , the rise could not be attended with any great expence . In great ships where there was more duty , they certainly were inadequately paid , though he would not say the same of them from 74 gun ships downwards . In his opinion , the situation of petty officers should correspond with that of quarter-masters , and the situation of warrant officers with that of serjeants in the army . The petty officers in time of peace , would get 3l . per month in the merchant service , but if government were to allow them the same , they would have no inducement to enter it ; and he thought it would be much better to do it now , during war , than wait till a time of peace , on the arrival of which 916 he feared a great number of them would quit his majesty 's service , for one in which they could find superior encouragement . Were it done now , he thought it might produce the best effect ; for though , perhaps , no man would prefer submission to military discipline , to being at his own liberty , yet , when accustomed to it , and already placed in a satisfactory situation , he might feel no inclination to change it . As to the able-bodied and ordinary seamen , they were certainly deserving of every encouragement that could be given them ; but meritorious as their services were , he would rather see the chest of Greenwich applied to the encouragement of the warrant and petty officers . The house would perceive , that the only difference of opinion between him and the noble lord was respecting the appropriation of the money . He would go farther in his observations , and though the practice of impressing for the navy was one , no man could ever dream of giving up ; yet he would maintain , that it would be much better to get as many men as we could voluntarily , than to depend entirely upon that practice . He also suggested the expediency , as a further inducement to the service , to grant the out-pension of the chest of Greenwich to the widows of such men as had been slain in service ; and also to all such petty and warrant officers as had served for a certain number of years , without incurring any punishments by Courts-Martial , or by