would not have acted in a manner which he would consider as improper . Much stress had been laid upon the opinion of judge Blackstone . Whatever merit might be discoverable in that writer , it could not be denied that many of his theories were fanciful and impracticable . He would attack the principles advanced by the noble lord who had spoken so long and so eloquently , and assert that there was no such distinction to be found in the constitution , as that which he endeavoured to maintain . He would give but little authority to the wild , the beautiful theories of Blackstone , for , in order to meet them , it would be necessary to abrogate the jurisdiction of that house , What do the noble lords say by way of answer to the precedents produced ? Why this ; the case of lord Mansfield was one innovation upon the constitution , let us not have a second . From the earliest periods of our history it would be found 281 that legal persons have been called to the councils of the reigning sovereign . The grand justiciary formerly was the first minister . His lordship then examined the precedents of sir Edward Coke , of sir W. Temple , of the regency of queen Anne , charged with no light matter , the settlement of the political succession to the crown . Of that regency were both the chief justices members ; and if seditious bad taken place , if libels had been published tending to obstruct that settlement , the offenders must have been tried before one of those judges , if he did ins duty.—With respect to the instance of lord Mansfield , he would say a few weeds . He never could have thought , that it would have become his duty to defend the memory of lord Mansfield against the reflection which had been thrown upon it , that his character for the administration of justice had suffered during a certain period of his life . His lordship here read several passages from the speech of lord Mansfield , upon the motion brought forward against him in the year 1775 . The charge then was not that he was at the same time chief justice and a Cabinet minister , but that long after he had ceased to have a seat in the cabinet , he continued to be one of the secret advisers of his majesty . His lordship next observed upon the cases of chief justices Holt , Lee , Mansfield , Kenyon , the last of whom , it was said , was only occasionally called to the council . There was nothing , he said , which should prevent a firm and upright judge from doing his duty , both as the head of the criminal judicial power , and as one of his majesty 's Cabinet council . He cited from a minute of the council , a precedent , on the 9th of June , 1780 , when chief justice Wedderburn attended it to enquire into the cause of the late riots , was one of the sub-committee which collected the evidence , and reported upon it to his majesty , and afterwards was one of the commission which sat in the Borough for the trial of the rioters.—Having pointed out a variety of instances in which judges had attended the Cabinet council , his lordship observed , that the answer given to these instances was Very extraordinary . It was said , that the judges whose names had been mentioned , had only attended the Cabinet occasionally , and that therefore their cases afforded no precedent . But it was manifest , that to them the objection urged by the noble lord would must particularly 282 apply , since they had attended the council for the express purpose of examining pert sons who might afterwards be tried before them . If the noble lords Who supported the motion were serious , they would carry it a little farther , and propose to resolve that it is inexpedient for his majesty to appoint