and of his Highness the Nabob Omdut ul Omrah , late Nabob of Arcot , and of his Highness the Ameer ul Omrah , now also deceased , or one of them , and parties to the articles of agreement there , in after mentioned , was referred ; which being read , the hon . gent . rose and observed , that before he proceeded to move for leave to bring in `` a bill , for enabling the commissioners acting in execution of an agreement made between the East-India company and the private creditors of the late Nabobs of the Carnatic , the better to carry the same into effect , '' the house would naturally expect from him some preliminary observations , tending to explain the grounds upon which this measure was introduced to the notice of parliament . Indian subjects were usually deemed to be dry and complicated in their nature , and hence they did not generally receive the attention which their magnitude deserved . He was , therefore , obliged to an hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) now absent , on account of a domestic misfortune which he ( Mr. H. ) sincerely lamented , for endeavouring to rouse the attention of the house to this measure which , he agreed with him , was of great importance . Unfortunately for him ( Mr. H. ) it was also a subject of great extent , so that he should be under the necessity of troubling the house at greater length than was agreeable to his inclinations . In order that the house might completely understand the Whole transaction , he felt himself compelled to go back as far as the year 1784 , when parliament first took cognizance of the private debts of the Nabob of Arcot , 725 and to describe several treaties with the princes of the Carnatic , subsequently to that time ; he should however , be as brief as the nature of the subject would allow . In 1784 , an act was passed , the 24th of the king , cap . 25 , intitled , `` An act for the better regulation and management of the affairs of the East-India company , and of the British possessions in India ; and for establishing a court of judicature for the more speedy and effectual trial of persons accused of offences committed in the East Indies . '' By the 37th section of that act , it was provided that , `` whereas very large sums of money are claimed to be due to British subjects by time Nabob of Arcot , in the recovery whereof it is expedient that such assistance should be given them as shall be consistent with the rights of the company , the security of the creditors , and the honour and dignity of the said Nabob ; be it enacted , that the court of directors of the said company shall , as soon as may be , take into consideration the origin and justice of the said demands , as far as the materials they are in possession of shall enable them to do ; and that they shall give such orders to their presidencies and servants abroad , for completing the investigation thereof , as the nature of the case shall require , and for establishing , in concert with the said Nabob , such fund for the discharge of those debts , which shall appear to be justly due , according to their respective claims of priority , as shall be consistent with the rights of the said united company , the security of the creditors , and the honour and dignity of time said Nabob . '' The first question which presented itself , was , what was done in consequence of this legislative enactment ? The statute was promulgated at Madras in Feb. 1785 , and soon afterwards a treaty was concluded between Mr. Davidson , the acting governor of Madras , and the Nabob Wallak-Jah , by which it was stipulated that his highness should annually pay four lacs of pagodas as a military