ings , it would have been much stronger than that now before the house . Impressed as he was with the eminent virtues , the transcendant talents , the distinguished service of his deceased friend , he had no difficulty in stating , that he should have felt the compliment paid to his illustrious father , and which his hon . friend had copied , rather cold and inadequate on this occasion ; but it was deemed advisable to follow the precedent chalked out in the case of lord Chatham , and the precise words were adopted ; because , even highly as Mr. Pitt 's friends , with justice , esteemed his merits , it was not conceived right to take any novel or extraordinary proceeding , to mark the public deference for his character . It was not thought just to place the name of Mr. Pitt on such a pedestal , as should by its comparative elevation depress the distinction and consequence of other meritorious public men.—With respect to the observations of a learned gent . on the other side , ( Mr. Ponsonby ) that the system pursued by Mr. Pitt should be altogether abandoned , that it should be interred with him , he begged to remark to the learned gent . nay , he would advise him , if he wished to attach the confidence of parliament and the country to the party with which he acted , to adopt a different tone . For he had little doubt , that if dangers should arise similar to those against which Mr. Pitt contended , the councils of the country would-feel it necessary to recur to the system of Mr. Pitt . The efficacy of that system had been experienced , its benefit to the country was universally felt and acknowledged . To that system we , in fact , owed the internal peace of England amid the convulsions of Europe , and the security of the English constitution . To that system the learned gent . owed the consequence he possessed , the honours that awaited him . Any deviations , therefore , from such a system , under similar circumstances , it was not wise to recommend ; and sure he was , that such recommendation would not be graciously received among the respectable and intelligent part of the people.—Adverting to the remarks that had been made on the alleged failures of Mr. Pitt , the noble lord challenged any gent . to mention a minister in the history of the country , who , if success were to be the criterion upon which public honours were to be voted , was by any means entitled to such honours as Mr. Pitt . 70 Had not that distinguished person saved the constitution ? Had not the measures of his administration been productive of unprecedented prosperity ? And were not the success of our arms in war , infinitely more splendid than any thing that had been achieved during the administration of every one of his predecessors , not even excepting that of his illustrious father ? Whether we looked to the amount of our military forces , and their efficiency wherever they had occasion to act ; whether we looked to our means of defence or attack , we saw ample grounds to assert the success , to panegyrize the wisdom and vigour of Mr. Pitt . But if we looked to our navy , what an impressive testimony of his active vigilance and provident attention presented itself to our view ! It was notorious , that , under his administration , that important branch of our power had advanced by rapid progression , and attained unparalleled glory . In that department indeed , his administration presented a series of the most brilliant successes , terminating in that glorious action which immediately preceded his death , which from its character and result , seemed to have crowned the expectation which even a sanguine admiration of the British navy would induce one to form.—The noble lord expressed a hope that the feelings by which he was actuated , would plead his excuse for trespassing