, that is , to furnish them with a facility to borrow more and more . This sinking fund then , in contradiction to its title and to all its pretensions , is in fact the medium not of real diminution , but of positive increase of debt . It is time for us to consider , whether that effect be worth purchasing at such an enormous expense . At all events I hope that cunning arguments and nice distinctions , such as we have heard heretofore on this particular point , will not be repeated verbatim by his majesty 's present ministry . We have heard enough and too much from ministers of all sorts , of the promising , the prosperous , the flourishing state of the nation , with some slight and moderate abatements only , on account of a few temporary inconveniencies and transient difficulties , which they are too candid to deny . As long as existence can be held together , the patient is sure to hear nothing from the faculty , but compliments and congratulations on his florid looks and healthy appearance . Now what do all these Nattering indications consist in , and what do they demonstrate ? Why , sir , without pushing the conclusion to all extremity , without saying or meaning that the case is desperate , I hold it more or less true in fact , that the bloated surface proves 607 nothing but a failure in the stamina . When ever it bursts , you may possibly be relieved but it is full as likely you may expire . Now compare the evidence with the allegation In this metropolis , I know that there did never exist such a scene of expence and luxury , and of unbounded dissipation of fortune , as London exhibits . If extravagance and profusion are proofs of wealth , we need not look further . The proof is equal to the proposition , and exceeds it Reflecting men , I believe , will not trust implicitly to these appearances . In fact , they can only be accounted for by a glut of factitious riches . No man wastes a real property at this rate . No man parts with gold and silver with the same facility , with which he squanders a mere paper security , which he knows he can not change into specie . The circulation of this paper however , as long as it lasts , gives life and activity to all the means of immediate enjoyment . It is true . They , who are satisfied with the present , are not likely to consider the consequence . Others perhaps may submit to be better taught by experience . The history of France furnishes an example in point , on a great but still on a very inferior scale . There never was a period of such extravagant expence and riotous profusion in Paris , as in the days that preceded the fall of the royal bank in 1719 . France was deluged with paper as we are . Suddenly the credit of the bank failed . Down went the paper , down went Paris , and down went France * . In time however , that great kingdom revived and rose out of its ashes , because it had resources within itself , which could not be annihilated . But our situation , it seems , on the whole is prosperous . We are overwhelmed with paper . There is no specie in circulation . Does any gentleman here receive a guinea in a thousand pounds in the collection of his rents ? If you sell your house or your estate , in * '' My intention is , to prove that an ill-concerted system of credit may bring ruin on a nation , although fraud be out of the question : and , if a nation be plunged into all the calamities , which a public bankruptcy can occasion , it is but a small consolation to be assured of the good intentions of those , who were the cause of it . On