the naval service ; and felt highly gratified by the attention the noble lord had given to the subject ; but he was disposed to go somewhat farther , and thought , that two amendments he had to propose would render still more complete the system of encouragement and amelioration proposed by the noble lord . The first amendment he would propose , was that the first lieutenants of the line of battle ships , in order to render them superior to lieutenants of inferior rates , and of their juniors in point of service , be allowed 1s . per day above the ordinary pay of lieutenants . He proposed , that those having 6 years seniority should be admitted to this distinction . The additional expence would not be above 5 or 6l . a day , which was a trifling consideration in comparison of the advantages that , in his opinion , would be derived from it . The next amendment he had to propose respected the petty officers . At present they were eight or ten in number on hoard each ship . The noble lord had stated his intention to increase their number . This however , he thought , would introduce considerable inconvenience . Instead of augmenting the number of the present class of petty officers , it would be better to introduce a new class , and to make that description of men , so useful on board a ship , and known by the appellation of quarter-gunners , rank with the petty officers , giving them 1s . per day in addition to their present pay . There was one generally to every four guns : the additional expence , even in a first rate , would be very inconsiderable . There was 930 another description of seamen also , to whom a sufficient encouragement was not held out in money ; he would therefore recommend that the Greenwich out-pension , in case of their deaths , be held out to their widows , orphans , or mothers . This would be an inducement to them to remain in the service , and would make up , in some measure , for their small pay . In the observations he had made , his lordship did not wish to be understood as indicating any inclination to oppose ministers ; on the contrary he had communicated to the first lord of the admiralty all the observations he had now stated , as well as those on a former night , previously to the estimates being laid before the house . This deference , he thought , was becoming in a professional man , and due on all occasions to a first lord of the admiralty . As a proof that he was not disposed to urge any question in Opposition to ministers , or entertained any wish to embarrass them , he had , on a former occasion , declined urging the thanks of the house to sir David Baird and sir H. Popham , when he found the proposition contrary to the inclination of ministers , though he thought those meritorious officers had deserved very highly of their country . The noble lord then was proceeding to read his amendments in form , when reminded the noble lord , that the subject before the house was a resolution , granting his majesty a certain sum . This grant might either be approved of , or the resolution might be thrown out , but it could admit of no restriction . If the sum Was granted , it must remain at the disposal of the crown . was of opinion , that the only mode of proceeding proper for the noble lord , if he persisted in the amendments he had adverted to , would be to propose new estimates , agreeably to the alterations he wished to introduce . He spoke in high terms of the candour of the noble lord , and could not suspect him of a wish to oppose ministers , except where he should feel it his duty to do so . He had to return thanks to