the second reading of this bill , disapproved of the principle of the bill altogether , and asked whether counsel might not be heard against it at a future stage ; and was informed by the speaker that they might . approved of the principle of the bill , which he considered as a boon to the West-India merchants , and stated that he had been at a numerous meeting of London merchants , where ; a majority had agreed with him . again rose , and was called to order by Mr. Wilberforce ; but being informed by the speaker that he was in order , he proceeded to state that , in his opinion , this bill was a scheme indirectly to abolish the slave trade , which could not be done in an open and direct manner . thought the slave trade an evil that could not be remedied , but he never purchased a slave himself . He heard nothing of the meeting of merchants adverted to by the hon . baronet . approved the principle of the bill , which he considered as beneficial to the West-India merchants.—The bill was then read a 2d time . The royal assent was given by commission to the 2O Millions loan bill , the Irish Treasury bills bill , the Irish Militia Service bill , the Cape of Good Hope Trade bill , and the British Fishery bills.—The earl of Kinnoul was sworn , and took his seat , as baron Hay , on his lordship 's attaining his majority . presented the following message from his majesty : `` G. R. His majesty thinks it proper to acquaint the house of lords , that he has found himself under the necessity of withdrawing his ministers from the court of Berlin , and of adopting provisionally measures of just retaliation against the commerce and navigation of Prussia . His maj. deeply regrets this extension and aggravation of calamities , already so severely felt by the nations of the continent , whose independence and prosperity he has never ceased to consider as intimately connected with those of his own people . But measures of direct hostility , deliberately adopted against him , have left him no alternative.—In a moment of confidential intercourse , without even the pretence of any cause of complaint , forcible possession has been taken by Prussia of his maj. 's electoral dominions . Deeply as this event affected the interests of this kingdom , his maj. chose , nevertheless , to forbear , on this painful occasion , all recourse to the tried and affectionate attachment of his British subjects . He remonstrated , by amicable negotiation ; against the injury he had sustained , and rested his claim for reparation on the moderation of his conduct , on the justice of his representation , and on the common interest which Prussia herself must ultimately feel , to resist a system destructive of the security of all legitimate possession . But when , instead of receiving assurances conformable to this just expectation , his maj. was informed that the determination had been taken of excluding , by force , the vessels and the commodities of this kingdom from ports and countries under the lawful dominion , or forcible controul of Prussia ; his maj. could no longer delay to act without neglecting the first duty which he owes to his people . The dignity of his crown , and the interests of his subjects , equally forbid his acquiescing in this open and unprovoked aggression . He has no doubt of the full support of his parliament , in vindicating the honour of the British flag , and the freedom of the British navigation ; and he will look with anxious expectation to that moment , when a more dignified and enlightened policy , on the part of Prussia , shall remove every impediment to the renewal of peace and friendship with a power with whom his maj. has no other cause of difference than that now crea ed by these hostile acts . '' The message having been read , lord 807 Grenville moved