be satisfactory to the house ; and , if so , he should be at his ease.—There was , however , another accusation made by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) , against him , which it was impossible for him to pass over in silence . He had been accused of hurrying this measure , and endeavouring to take the house by surprise . The hon . gent . had said that the printed report and papers were not delivered to the members until the moment before the subject was opened on Monday last . Here the hon . gent . was under a mistake . They were delivered at the houses of the embers early on Friday morning in the last week so that nearly 4 days were allowed for the examination of a very small collection of papers.—The house having honoured him with their attention on the general subject for so long a time on 765 a former night , he should not now have taken any part in the discussion , but for some observations which fell from his learned friend near him ( Mr. Serjeant Best ) . His learned friend had insisted that the agreement between the creditors and the East-India co. was not founded on fair principles , because the terms were too hard and severe against the real creditor , while to the fictitious , all which he obtained would be gain . It did not appear to him that this argument was entitled to great weight . If the real creditor became a party to the deed , he had no right to complain of terms , for his execution of it proceeded from his own choice . If he declined to accept it , the deed did not stand in his way . He was , as before its existence , at liberty to pursue any means of recovering his debt , no remedy was taken away from him ; the same redress was open to him . This alternative considered , is learned friend , he thought , would not be inclined to risk the same observation a second time . His learned friend had , also , spoken of the act of 1797 , which prohibits the servants of the company from engaging in loans to the native princes of India . Although such loans were a violation of the orders of the company , yet that act , by prohibiting them , admitted their previous legality . Subsequently to the passing of that statute , if any person engaged in such loans , without the previous sanction of the court of directors , or the governor in council of one of the company 's governments , the contract was void , and the party was guilty of a misdemeanour . The commissioners , though unrestricted in this respect by the deed , could allow no claim contrary to the statute.—After a few more remarks , by Mr. Serjeant Best and lord Castlereagh , the motion was agreed to . then said , that in prefacing his second motion , he should intrude but a few minutes on the patience of the house . In what he had said , he had not entered into the merits of the bill , good or bad . He had indeed stated , that the hon . gent . seemed to him to have carried on the measure with precipitancy ; but that , he now agreed , had been sufficiently accounted for . As to his having insinuated that the hon . gent . was himself interested in the measure , he begged it to be understood that he had not insinuated , but had expressly stated , that he did not think the situation of a member of such a committee and of a member of this house exactly 766 compatible ; and what had been stated as to the scruples entertained by the hon . gent , himself , as to the propriety of the bill originating with him , seemed to shew that he himself was not exactly satisfied that two such characters ought