As the existence of a Cabinet council has never been legally acknowledged , there is , of course , no legal record of the members comprising any Cabinet ; and we have it not in our power to state any thing of authority upon the subject , but what may have come within our own observation , or may 310 have been communicated to us by our fathers . Therefore , when the hon . gentlemen ask us to produce precedents , applying to the case before the house , we must answer that we have it not in our power to produce many , and they appear to doubt even the few we can offer . Some profess to think , that the case of lord Hardwicke 's being in the Cabinet while chief justice of the King 's Bench , is doubtful . Certainly there is no official authority to remove such doubts . It is stated by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) that lord Mansfield was not known , at a certain time , to have been in the Oabinet , until it was confessed by that noble lord himself . Although the right hon . gent . was wrong in this particular instance , still his confession serves to sustain the proposition I have in view , as to the difficulty of adducing many precedents upon this subject . The right hon . gent . has frequently spoken of the Cabinet , as a responsible body ; I wish that right hon . gent. , or any gentleman who supports his opinion , to point out from what parts of our statutes , or of the recorded proceedings of this house , he has learned that the Cabinet , or any individual bebelonging it , has been , as such , held to be legally responsible . From newspapers and conversations abroad , the right hon . gent . has professed to obtain much information upon this topic . But , upon such an occasion , would it not be somewhat more correct to consult the statutes and the journals of this house , than such sources of knowledge as the right hon . gent . has quoted ? When the right hon . gent . speaks of the responsibility of the Cabinet , I would recommend him to consider , whether it would be expedient to insist upon the attachment of responsibility to the whole of such a body , for every ministerial act ; and whether such a measure might not be apt to endanger , if not in most instances to defeat , the object of responsibility ? For any act done in my office , I am directly responsible to parliament and the country ; and perhaps it is much better for any purpose of practical responsibility , that it should fall on one man , than on a body ; for this obvious reason , that the difficulty of producing conviction and punishment is the less in one case . than in the other . I do not mean to say , that it is not desirable to bring forward the charges of guilt against all the advisers as well as the agent , if it were practicable to prove the charge . The immediate actor 311 can always be got at in a way that is very plain , direct , and easy , compared to that by which you may be able to reach his advisers . There are to be seen many cases in which parliament have tried to get at the advisers too . But how have they tried to do so ? Look at the mode , and that mode alone will sustain my argument , that the Cabinet counsellors are not legally known . For in the addresses presented upon such occasions as I have referred to , it will be found , that parliament apply to know by whom any measure to which the address alludes , may have been advised . Surely , then , such an application serves to shew , that the Cabinet has never been