I was but a short time in the office which I have honour to hold , when I found that measures were taking to lay the claims of this class before parliament ; information reached me from a variety of channels , that petitions were left at the different ports for signatures , praying an increase of the pay of naval lieutenants , and that it was intended to have such petitions presented to parliament . The copy of these petitions I have seen , and it was , no doubt , couched in terms the most proper and respectful that could be devised ; and the object of the petitioners struck me to be unexceptionably fair . But still I had objections to that mode of proceeding . I therefore thought it my duty to discourage it . I however took every means in my power to enquire into the case , well satisfied that if there were any ground of complaint in any part of the navy , parliament would seize the first opportunity to remove it , and the country would be forward to applaud the act . The result of my enquiry has served to convince my mind , that not only the class alludes to , but every other class in the navy , from the superior officers down to the ordinary seamen , labour under disadvantages which ought to be immediately set aside . With this conviction I am of course of opinion , that no measure of relief can he effectual , that in fact , any concession will lose much of its value , if partial in its application ; and that the only way of doing substantial justice , and giving general satisfaction , is by raising the rates of allowance to all the classes of the navy . The complaint of the lieutenants , the house will recollect to be by no means new : 910 Some years since application was made in their favour , and the consequence was , an order merely to raise the pay of the lower lieutenants to a level with that of the higher . So far as the arrangement went , it was , no doubt , advantageous , but to only one of he parties , although the complaint was from the whole . That the ground of such a complaint should be totally removed , I am sure the house will concur with me in thinking ; and also that no complaint should be allowed to exist in any rank of our navy , from the highest to the lowest . Indeed , it can only be necessary to state this proposition to insure acquiescence , without any argument whatever . I shall , of course , exclude from the new arrangement , those officers who received last year any addition to their pay ; I mean the masters and surgeons . They were undoubtedly entitled to the attention they have experienced , but they have received their due proportion upon the scale I now propose . To all the other officers I shall extend the augmentation . I have said that I shall make no partial selection , and in this resolution I am justified by the advice of the most competent authorities , of persons best qualified to judge upon the subject . It has been strongly urged to me , by every person with whom I have consulted , that the warrant and petty officers are particularly entitled to a liberal allowance ; and not only the necessity of preserving a fair proportion , and the policy of guarding against discontent , but justice itself pleads in favour of the seamen . Indeed , in the opinion of all naval men , it would be highly imprudent to advance the pay of the warrant and petty officers , without granting a proportionate advance to the able and ordinary seamen . I am aware that an advance was made to the latter in 1797 . But still it will be admitted that , from the enhancement of all articles of the first necessity , and the depreciation of money