so long on the attention of the house . He professed the utmost anxiety to avoid any observation that had the least tendency to render the debate personal , or to provoke party feelings . In this , indeed , he but imitated the conduct of the gentlemen on the other side , who had throughout performed what they conceived to be their duty , in a manner that redounded highly to their credit . Certainly , the friends of Mr. Pitt had no reason to complain of any part of the course pursued by these gentlemen . Not an expression was heard that was calculated to excite an unpleasant sensation ; and he was happy to perceive that the discussion was , on the whole , not less honourable to the individuals engaged in it , than it was creditable to the individual who was the subject of it . to bear testimony to the great public virtues and splendid talents of Mr. Pitt , in whom he declared the love of country was to be found as sincere and ardent as ever yet existed in any human bosom . With regard to the assertion , that 71 success was a proper criterion by which to appreciate the merit of a great man , the hon . gent . reprobated the idea , as inconsistent with wisdom and justice . But if the character of Mr. Pitt were to be tried by that rule , where were we to look among the great men of ancient or modern times , for any who had stronger claims to the gratitude and respect of their country , than those which could be advanced in favour of that illustrious personage ? Success , however , might be , in many instances , a Very erroneous criterion of real merit . Results might sometimes arise , the cause and credit of which might not at all belong to the plan of operations intended to produce them . He was aware that parliament acted entirely from results , in voting addresses for naval or military achievements . But the reason of that mode of proceeding was obvious . The parliament could not act as a military or naval court martial . It did not belong to them to enquire , or to plan or conduct . Upon such subjects they could only decide from results . But the case was quite different with regard to great projects of domestic or foreign policy . Such projects the house was able to examine , and , upon examination , they might appear to have been contrived with the utmost wisdom , although productive of very unfortunate results , through the weakness or treachery of those employed to carry them into execution . The application of these general remarks , the hon . gent . observed , must be obvious : they were meant to guard against premature impressions upon a subject , into which he would not enter further at present , as he was very unwilling to utter any sentiment upon this occasion , that was likely to excite opposition . He would offer no opinion upon the subject of the last campaign , but simply observe , that it did not follow , that , because success was on the side of the enemy , Mr. Pitt was to be allowed no merit . This question , however , was yet to be determined ; and , until the determination should be pronounced , he would not pretend to say that his deceased friend was deserving of praise , at the same time that he protested against the application of censure . But , overlooking this question altogether , there was a part of Mr. Pitt 's political life , upon which the world had long determined , which fully entitled that great ornament of his country to his country 's best wishes . When the revolutionary spirit had convulsed France , and alarmed the whole civilised 72 world , that distinguished statesman completely succeeded , by the vigour and sagacity of his measures , in preventing that dreadful plague from reaching us .