on a different term of service ? Is there no danger of jealousy and discontent ? If you make discharges claim able in time of war , how is .war to be carried on ? If to be claimed in time of peace , at least the temptation will be considerably diminished . If you lengthen the period , you impair your principle : If yore shorten it , you hazard perpetual fluctuation and confusion . By the rt . hon . gent 's . own confession , you can not apply it to the existing army with . safety : can you refuse it to them without danger ? After all , can you hope to maintain your land-service on a principle which , if you attempted , to apply it to the favourite service of the country , would infallibly leave you without a navy ? , I will not push this contrast farther , but 988 every reflecting mind will supply the considerations which I think it best to pass over in silence.—In short , in whatever point of view I look at the rt . hon . gent 's . plan , I see nothing but inconvenience and embarrassment . I do trust he will yet reflect before . he puts it into execution . I have heard of a person , who , describing his own progress in some of the new-invented modes of agriculture , said of one of them , that `` he had read himself into its ; and worked himself out of it . '' The rt hon . gent . I apprehend , has read or reasoned himself into this system of experiments ; I do trust that he will pause while there is yet time , and before he is worked out of it at the expence of public danger and confusion . I do trust at least that the house will recollect the interest which the country has at stake , and that they will not suffer the rt . hon . gent . to hazard it wantonly , rashly , and unnecessarily , at a moment the most critical , and the most urgent . Let the rt . hon . gent . try the experiment , if he will , upon a small scale ; let him raise distinct corps , as has been done before , as was done with respect to those regiments which we have been told of towards the close . of the American war . But let not the house be called upon to sanction this partial experiment as the general principles upon which the British service is henceforth to stand : before you know that it will succeed at all and while you yourselves confess , that the whole existing army : must remain an exception to it.—The rt . hon , gent . has extolled in the highest terms the advantages of a large regular army . On that subject undoubtedly there can been difference of opinion . But without carrying to too great an excess a veneration for the establishments and opinions of our ancestors , we may be permitted to doubt the propriety of carrying the regular army to . an unlimited extent , without any check or balance in the other parts of the military system of the country . Upon emergencies , our regular army may safely be augmented to any point to which we can conveniently . carry it : but it has always hitherto happened fortunately at least if it has not been contrived wisely , that the other descriptions of cur force have grown with it in the same proportion.—The rt . hon . gent , is endeavouring to lay the foundation of a large regular army , while he is : sapping all the other establishments which ought constitutionally to accompany it . The rt . hon . gent . may perhaps tell me that the checks and balances to which I allude , are mere crea- 989 tures of the imagination ; for that it is utterly improbable that our militia or volunteers should in any instance be drawn out