, who , in my opinion , was the sole , certainly the chief supporter of a system , which I had early been taught to consider as a bad one . Thinking thus , it can not be expected that I should so far forget my public duty , and the principles which I have uniformly professed , as to subscribe to the condemnation of those principles , by agreeing to the motion now before the house . But , I defy the hon . gent. , I defy ally person who differs from me , I defy any one of those who are most desirous of misrepresenting my motives , to point out any possible feeling of interest or ambition , that could induce me to oppose it . My motive is a sense of public duty , which would be violated , if I were to agree to confer honours , on grounds which to me do not appear to warrant my concurrence . Sir , I am sorry that this motion was ever made . I said so before , and if those who were most nearly connected with Mr. Pitt by the ties of blood , 65 and who may he supposed to be most interested in his glory , and the respect that is to attend his memory , had been consulted , I believe a mode might have been struck out , by which a suitable mark of respect might have been conferred on him , without reducing us to this dilemma . Now , however , it is too late . The thing is done , and can not be helped , and nothing remains for us but to do our duty , however much our feelings may be hurt by the performance . I must therefore conclude with saying , that , in my opinion , my public duty does call upon me in the most imperious and irresistible manner , to oppose the motion ; and that however painful to my feelings in every respect it may be , I must do my duty . said , that the few observations which he had to submit to the house upon this subject , were not meant so much as a reply to what had fallen from the hon . member who had just sat down , and who had spoken throughout by no means in the spirit of an adversary , but rather with a liberality that was highly honourable to his feelings and character . The testimony of the hon . gent . to the exalted virtue , and the incorruptible honour of his right hon . friend , must be peculiarly gratifying to all those who revered the memory , who valued the fame of the illustrious personage who was the subject of this debate . Upon the arguments of that hon . gent . in opposition to this motion , it was not his intention to reason . This , in fact , was riot a question to be determined by argument . It was quite a question of feeling . The acquiescence of that house and the country , in such a proposition , was more to be looked for from intuitive feeling than from cold reason ; and if that feeling did not exist , it was in vain to think of arguing men into it . With regard to the allusions which had been made in the course of the debate to the merits of that distinguished person , the late earl of Chatham , and the attempts to contrast these merits with those of Mr. Pitt , he felt himself justified in saying , that there was a very marked distinction between the cases of both . The different circumstances in which they were placed , must be taken into consideration before any fair estimate could be formed of their relative merits . Mr. Pitt , it was known , had to manage the government in times of peculiar peril , at an era indeed unparalleled in the history of this country or of the world—without 66 any precedent whatever to assist his