had not been answered on this head . He thought that the holding a situation which was in its nature precarious , and yet an object of ambition , had a tendency to destroy the confidence which resulted from the independence of the judge . He trusted he could not be here misunderstood , so far as to be thought to allude to any particular individual . He only viewed the point in the abstract , and contended , that when you placed , in the situation above referred to , a person who by law had been jealously , made independent , you did in a great measure do away the effects of that independence . This would be evident , if once it was admitted , and it could not he denied 300 that the removal of a lord chief justice from a place which was an object of ambition , would be attended with sonic degree of discredit to him , for , to avoid this discredit , there would at least , on some occasions , be a temptation for him to act in a manner not altogether consistent with his duty and character . That it was an object of ambition to hold a place in the Cabinet , he thought could not be denied . The thing had of late been abundantly proved ; for it was impossible to converse in the street , or read the newspapers during the last six weeks , without knowing how eagerly such places were sought after . In four instances it had been lately proved that Cabinet places were considered as objects of ambition , in addition to other efficient situations . He therefore , he supposed , might take it for granted , that a place in the Cabinet was an object of ambition ; and when this was admitted , the matter of salaries and emoluments made very little difference in the present question . The right hon . gent . agreed in the panegyrics that had been pronounced on the administration of justice in this country . It was one of the greatest blessings , if not the very greatest , of our constitution . It was no less firm than it was valuable . It had withstood the shock of parties , of usurpation , and of rebellion . To what cause were we to attribute this ? Not to any particular statute by which the distinction between the judicial and the executive powers had been established , but from the universal feeling and sentiment that such a distinction ought to exist , and that with the exception of a very few instances it had existed . But , if the administration of justice in the country was thus admirable , it was the most important of all duties , and would afford ample employment for all the talents , virtues , integrity , and every other excellent qualification , which had been justly ascribed to the noble and learned lord who at present occupied the situation of lord chief justice . What he objected to was this , that instead of confining the attention of any lord chief justice to the discharge of his duty in that capacity , which would afford him full and ample employment , you were starting other objects of ambition to which his views might be directed . He would indeed still pursue the objects which were more intimately connected with his profession ; but instead of building his fame on the strict and honourable administra- 301 tion of justice , he might be aspiring after other objects of ambition . A most serious evil was thus introduced , which would be done away by the passing of these motions ; or , if that could not be hoped for , he would at least indulge the expectation , that it would be remedied by the mature and unbiassed reflection of those persons who now formed his majesty 's administration.—There was one very great fault and error into which the right hon . gent . had fallen , for his argument seemed to imply , that independence