the present session , and stated , that this petition was only a renewal of the former one . A copy of the petition will be found in vol . iv . page 1 . It was brought up , and ordered to be taken into consideration on Tuesday the 4th of February.—Mr . Williams , secretary to the commissioners of naval enquiry , presented at the bar the 12th report of that commission , and also some observations by way of supplement to the first report of the commissioners of naval enquiry , on a memorial presented to the house by the commissioners of the navy board . Ordered to lie on the table , and , on the motion of sir C. Pole , to be printed.—On the motion of Mr. Alexander , the committee on expiring laws , together with the other standing committees of privileges , trade , religion , courts of justice , & c. and the several standing orders of the house were voted . pursuant to notice , moved , that the resolution of the house , respecting the appointment of a committee of Impeachment against lord Melville , of the 25 26th of June , 1805 , and also the act of last session , for continuing the proceedings respecting that impeachment , notwithstanding any prorogation or dissolution of parliament , be read . The resolution and the act having been accordingly read , the hon . gent . then moved , that the said committee do sit and proceed with the matters referred to them to-morrow morning , and that lord Robert Spencer be added to the said committee.—Ordered . acquainted the house , that he had received from marquis Wellesley the following letter , in return to the thanks of this house , signified to him by Mr. Speaker , in obedience to their commands of the 3d day of May 1804 , see vol . 2. p. 369.—Fort William , the 30th May , 1805 . Sir , ' I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letter , under date the 4th of May 1804 , transmitting the resolutions of the house of commons of the 3d of May 1804 , respecting the late military operations in India , against the confederate , Marhatta powers.—Your letter , together with the resolutions of the house of commons , has been published in general orders to the army , and the separate resolutions of the house have been transmitted to the several public officers distinguished by that high honour . Copies of my letters transmitting those resolutions , and of such answers as I have received , accompany this letter.—I request that you will be pleased to submit to the house of commons , the dutiful sense of gratitude and respect with which I receive this honourable testimony of the approbation of the house.—The proceedings of the house of commons on this occasion are calculated to confirm , in every branch of the civil and military service in India , those sentiments of zealous attachment to the public interests , and honour , which have distinguished the conduct of his majesty 's and the honourable company 's servants during the late war.—The expressions which you have been pleased to employ in transmitting to me the resolutions of the house of commons , demand my most grateful acknowledgments , and constitute a considerable addition to the honour conferred by the commands of the house . I have the honour to be , & c. WELLESLEY'.—To the right hon . Charles Abbot , Speaker of the house of commons . presented to the house a petition from the gentlemen and freeholders of the county of Berks , on the subject of the Additional Force bill , and praying its repeal . The petition , he said , was sighed by all the respectable clergy , gentlemen , and freeholders of the county , and had been unanimously agreed to at a most numerous meeting of the county , held for the purpose of considering the subject . It had been found by experience that the act was impracticable , and