a project , I must confess the noble lord seemed to boast rather too much of what might have been the event . But he spoke as if something particular had been in view . If there was , I do thank that it was the noble lord 's duty to tell the king 's government where the enemy 's vulnerable points were . It has ever been my practice , if I had any information , to give it , whoever were ministers , that it might be acted upon if useful ; and I confess I should have expected the noble lord to have done so . We certainly should be glad to know what vulnerable points the noble lord believes could be attacked with success . If , however , he means only that they would have made some diversion , I am not so sorry that the noble lord withheld his advice . After what they did last campaign , when two armies were sent to different quarters , where they were of no use , and 710 where they never made any diversion of the enemy 's forces , I have very little hopes that the noble lord would have given us much instruction as to useful diversions now . I trust , however , that though the noble lord has told us that we have only to leave things as they are , that we have only to maintain the prosperity we found , the house will have the candour to judge of us by our conduct , and will bear in mind the difficulties we have to encounter in the relative situation of the country to our enemy , that most important of all considerations . The noble lord , indeed , though he has talked so much of complication , seems to have an understanding so formed as to be utterly incapable of conceiving any relation between objects . He saw nothing but a large revenue , but saw nothing of the large debt . He talks of a large army , but he does not consider that our enemy has an army , a very large army . Surely it is not enough to tell us of an army larger than in queen Anne 's time , or even in the American war , when the relative state of circumstances is so wonderfully changed . I might then quit this part of the subject by saying , that the state of the country is almost in every point directly the reverse of that described by the noble lord ; but I would beg leave to ask him , whether that most prosperous state of the country had all arisen between May 1804 , and Feb. 6th , 1806 ? The noble lord himself may claim the merit of the prosperity of both . But will some of those very near him ( Messrs. Cannning , Rose , & c. ) agree as to the proud situation of the country in May 1804 ? Nay , would not the assertion have appeared strange to that right hon . person on whose memory the noble lord has frequently drawn this evening ? Was it prosperous in 1804 ? and what is the difference in the increase of the army since then ? Some 20,000 or 30,000 men , perhaps . With respect to the parish bill , the very circumstance mentioned by the noble lord , as to its not being executed , appears to me decisive of its being a miserably bad measure . The noble lord ascribes its non-execution to the ignorance of the parish officers . But in truth it was not the ignorance of the parish officers . I know that , in the part of the country where I live , within five miles of the commander-in-chief , the bill has never been acted upon : and it is ridiculous to say , that it was solely from the ignorance of its object . The truth is , the bill was found to be absurd and imprac- 711 ticable , and therefore it was not executed . —To