, I can not find any thing to throw a ray of light on the subject . The company take possession of the territory of Guicowar , they hold it in his name , and the first thing done is to lend him 352,000l . Why , on the very face of the transaction there is something which calls for explanation . The words of the official dispatch from Bombay relative to this prince and territory , were these— `` This state has for its present native ruler a chieftain of avowedly weak intellects . Our support therefore must be extended to all the operations of its government ; holding as we do , the immediate charge of the Guicowar chieftain 's own guard , and dividing with his troops the garrison of his capital . `` —Does any man believe that the Guicowar ever received a shilling of this loan ? If there be really such a man , I shall only say , that that man knows nothing of the politics of India.—The hon . gent . concluded with moving , that there he laid before the house `` extracts of any letters or accounts received from the presidency of Bombay , relative to the sum of Bombay rupees , 31,25,944 , inserted in the account of their disbursements for the year ending the 30th April , 1803 , and said to be money lent to Guicowar . '' said , that had he been a member of the house yesterday when the notice of this motion was given , he would have taken the liberty of asking the hon . gent . to postpone bringing it forward , until the board to which he had the honour to belong should have an opportunity of considering the subject , and of enquiring into the nature of the papers connected with it . This indulgence he hoped the hon . mover would not be disinclined to grant to a board so recently appointed . The application would not , he trusted , be deemed unreasonable , when the nature of the business connected with their office was taken into view ; when it was considered that it might be necessary to look over a number of papers which the noble lord on the other side ( lord Castlereagh ) knew to be pretty voluminous , before an opinion could be formed , whether it would be consistent with the public interest to accede to the object of this motion . As the grant of this paper Was not so very pressing in its nature , he hoped the hon . gent . Would have no objections , to post- 191 pone it for a day or two ; and be assured the hon . gent . that , in the mean time , the subject to which his motion referred should be carefully enquired into . said , he was as ready as any man to acknowledge the debt of gratitude which parliament and the country owed to the hon . mover , for the zeal and assiduity which he had uniformly manifested upon the important subject of our interests in India ; and he perfectly concurred with that hon . gent . that it was essentially necessary the house should apply itself to the attentive consideration of those great interests . But , in order to enter into that consideration , every part of the subject should be laid before the house . The whole of the question should be completely understood . With respect to the assertion , that the India budget not having been brought forward last sessions was an unprecedented omission , be begged leave to set the hon . gent . right ; for precisely the same omission occurred the first year be was president of the board of controul . But as to the cause of the last omission , of which the hon . gent . had complained , it was known to have proceeded from the delay of the accounts from India , which were indispensably necessary to the preparation of the budget ; and the same cause occasioned the omission