any particular class . thanked the hon . gent . for the attention paid by him to the convenience of a certain class of the members of that house , and suggested Monday , the 21st April , as the most convenient day after the recess for taking up the consideration of the bill.—The bill was then ordered to be read a second time to-morrow . moved to postpone the order of the day for taking into further consideration the report of the committee to whom the petition of the private creditors of the late nabobs of the Carnatic was referred , and moved that the same be taken into consideration on Monday se'nnight . wished to know if the report would be printed in time for the previous consideration of members , before they were called on to discuss a subject of such importance . answered , that it was now printing , and he had every reason to think it would be finished time enough to be in the hands of every member during the recess . If not , however , he should have no objection , hereafter , to any reasonable delay . said , the subject was one of the utmost importance , which involved a question of some millions , no less than six , which certain gentlemen , who called themselves the creditors of the late nabobs of Arcot , said were due to them by those princes : if this was now to be paid , it must come out of the coffers of the East-India company ; and in their present most embarrassed and distressed situation , he felt it of high importance to consider how far it was prudent to throw such a claim upon them . said , that the question before the house regarded only 3 short 640 postponement , and would not allow him to go into the merits of the measure . On Monday se'nnight he should move for leave to bring in a bill , and would fully explain the grounds upon which it was founded . At present , he should abstain from all argument , as not being the proper time for discussion . moved for a copy of the letter from the governor and council at Bengal , dated 28th March , 1805 , to the court of directors of the India company , in relation to the friendly conduct of the nabob of Oude towards the British troops engaged in the Marhatta war ; which was ordered . rose to express his hope , that an hon . gent . opposite to him ( Mr. Huddleston ) who had given notice of a motion for that day , respecting the production of India papers , would have no objection to defer that motion to another day , as a right hon . friend of his , not now in the house , ( Mr. Fox ) was precluded by indisposition from attending in his place , and who was certainly desirous of being present at any discussion which might take place upon this subject . answered , that from the polite and modest manner in which the noble lord had shaped his request , as well as an earnest desire that the right hon . gent . alluded to should be present when he made his motion , because , from the known opinions on that subject always avowed by that right hon . gent. , he relied upon his support to his motion , he should have no objection to postpone it till Thursday . moved for an Address to his Majesty to request a Copy of the Second Report of the Commissioners appointed to revise and digest the Civil Affairs of the Navy . Ordered.—The Irish Militia Service bill was read a second time , and committed for Monday the 14th inst.—The royal assent was given by Commission to the Expiring Laws bill and three private bills . The Commissioners were the lord chancellor , lord Walsingham , and lord Auckland.—The Cape of Good Hope Trade Regulation bill was read a third time and passed , and a message