India ( for observe we are not speaking of China ) , was no disadvantage to the company or to this country ; —that bullion was just as much an article of export as any other commodity ; and that , whether they exported that , or an equal value in manufactures , was just the same thing in a commercial sense . In a nation over-run with paper as we are , this is , at first sight , a strange proposition . The export accounts for the scarcity of specie , and that scarcity accounts for the abundance of the paper . But , is the proposition true in a commercial sense ? Has the noble lord never heard of the balance of trade between one country and another ? Certainly I do not pretend to much knowledge on these subjects : but , I have read a good deal , and I appeal to all the written authorities and more especially to the merchants of England on this question—Whether a nation , that constantly pays its commercial balance in specie , is not universally understood * On the 26th of March 1802 , the chairman acquainted the court , that Mr. Broderick had sent to him , by order of the board of controul , certain drafts ( viz . of orders to he transmitted to India ) —that he had laid those papers before the special committee , who had made a report thereupon , of which the following is an extract : — '' The committee feel themselves constrained to report to the court as their opinion , & c. that the letter received this morning from the board , together with the two commercial paragraphs to be transmitted to India , when taken altogether , demonstrate a decided and unequivocal intention of invading and destroying the commercial rights and privileges of the East-India company . Still , however , flattering themselves that those rights , solemnly and deliberately granted to them by the legislature , will not be forcibly superseded or destroyed . Resolved unanimously , that this court approve the said report . '' Another letter of Mr. Broderick , alluded to by the hon . gent . contains the following passage , on a subject purely commercial : `` Under the present circumstances , they ( the board of controul ) conceive that it would be unnecessary to send out any paragraphs , the tendency of which might be to occasion uneasiness in the mind of the governor-general . Dated 21st July , 1801 . '' 204 to be the loser by that commerce ? In former times , we never exported an ounce of silver to India . The investment for a long period was annually supplied out of resources of one kind or other on the spot ; for several years , out of the surplus of the territorial revenues . While those latter resources lasted , the company obtained their investments for nothing . It was the only possible course , by which a tribute could be remitted from Bengal to England . Those supplies have been gradually exhausted . But they have left behind them the habits and the consequences of an unnatural precarious abundance : I mean expensive establishments , and extravagant habits.—The result , as I am informed by persons who understand this subject much better than I do , and as I firmly believe to be true , is that the company are considerable losers on the prune cost of their Indian investment , including all charges . What the consequence has been , or is likely to be to the state of the company 's affairs at home , I need not argue at present . It will speak for itself when the directors apply , as I believe they will do , for relief and assistance from the public.—It will then be a national question in this house , to what degree the property of the public shall be applied to support the instant demands and necessities of the India company . On that day , they shall find me , what I