this kingdom who may be desirous to be present at this trial . `` —The hon . gent . was really at a loss to comprehend the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) , when he stated that the trial would be more public at the bar of the house of lords than in Westminster-hall . Would not the members of the house of commons wish to attend that trial ? Yes , but they could not satisfy their wishes in the former place , for want of space . The 549 right hon . member observed , however , that the house of lords had been enlarged since the time of lord Macclesfield 's trial ; so had the house of commons ; and the relative situation of both houses was still nearly the same as ' to room and convenience . The trial of lord Macclesfield afforded also a kind of warning ; for he had read , that the pressure of the crowd at the trial of that noble lord was so great , that one of the managers had been squeezed to death . ( A cry of name ! name ! ) The name of the hon . gent . as well as he could recollect , was Mr. Fazakerley . He certainly thought that this trial should be held at Westminster-hall , as the place most . suitable to the dignity of the house and the country . In reply to the right hon . member 's observation as to the peers ' admissions , he would say that the question was still the same ; for if the peers could exercise a privilege in the one place , they were entitled to exercise it in the other . The simple point therefore arising from this part of the subject was , which of the two places was capable of holding most people . The hon . member ( Mr. R. Dundas ) said that he was acquainted with the private fortune of lord Melville . Certainly , in the prosecution of their duty , the managers had come to the knowledge of many private circumstances , which it was impossible for them to separate from the public transactions of that noble lord , He could not agree , however , that because a person against whom a charge had been preferred , represented smallness of fortune and inability to support the expences attending trial that there fore all proceedings should be shaped in conformity to his wishes . If this argument were allowed , it would destroy all prosecutions ; for the party accused had only to plead poverty , and thus escape , perhaps , from the punishment which he merited . If the house of lords deemed it essential to the interests of the public , that Mr. Hastings should have been tried in Westminster-hall , instead of taking it at their bar , was not the same reason substantial for having lord . Melville 's trial at the same place ? He was one of his majesty 's ministers , enjoying the confidence of the crown ; and holding the situation of first lord of the admiralty , he was a privy counsellor ; in short , he held those situations which ranked him amongst the first subjects in the realm ; it was highly necessary , therefore , that the public should receive every faciity to attend the trial of so great an indilidual It was due to the noble lord him- 550 self to give publicity to his trial , in order , if he were innocent , to enable the people to judge fully of the hardships under which be must labour from the imputation of guilt ; and , on the other hand , if the noble lord was guilty , the place of trial ought to be capacious enough , if possible , even for the whole nation , whose interests were most deeply involved . said that he had listened in vain with a view to hear any essential reason of justice or expediency urged , why the trial should take