distance from the place of election . To this he certainly had no objection , although he could not see on what principle such non-residents were entitled to it . In large counties taking the poll at several places , might in some degree obviate the inconvenience complained of . At present there was only the alternative of a shameful compromise between the contending parties , or a scene of dreadful riot and extravagance at the place of contest . An objection might be urged , that the law might entangle the candidate , and that no man might be safe in his election , if he had given a glass of wine to an elector . But had there been a petition to this effect from place , where the voters were resident , and where consequently the operation of the act of king William had extended ? There was another trifling objection which might be made : it might be said , that a strict adherence to the letter of the law would destroy old English hospitality . In his conception , however , it would promote it ; for the country gentleman would not be deterred from shewing genuine old English hospitality by the necessity , that was now imposed on him , of providing for the extravagant expense of a contested election . It might also be said that voters would become indifferent as . to their representatives , and that all manifestations of popular spirit would be repressed . To this he could give a direct answer . In his own election for the borough of South-wark there was , though no riot as formerly , as strong a manifestation of public spirit as 377 ever . All the difference that he could perceive was , that the speeches of the candidates were listened to by sober men instead of drunken ones . When the house came to the resolution that no candidate should be allowed to spend more than 5l . at an election , a sum which was afterwards increased , to ten was it intended by them to leave a loop hole permitting candidates to expend 10,000l .. at an election ? Was this practice in consonance with the spirit of the resolution which was passed by the house , thanking the electors of some counties for having elected their members without expense ? In 1774 , a committee was appointed to revise all the laws relative to elections . The report of that committee was well worth the attention of the house . That report suggested the expediency in some counties of making compensation to the freeholders for their expenses , & c. but not the least hint of throwing this burden upon the candidate . It therefore confirmed his opinion , that the candidate should be exonerated from any such charges . He wished this broad principle to be established , that every man must vote at his own expense , and any particular cases that might occur might be left to the consideration of committees . It would be for them to determine what amounted to a bribe and what not . A bottle of wine given by a candidate to his equal , could not be considered as a bribe , but there might be instances in which even such a trifling gift would influence a man of a different description . If the bill winch he proposed , should pass into a law , he firmly believed that all the evil proceeding from popular elections would be done away . As the law stood , men of small fortunes were completely excluded from parliament . It was a mere mockery to say , that a man possessed of 600l . a year was qualified to be the representative of a county . Perhaps there was no county in which among the men of moderate property there was so much talent , and so much integrity , and yet these men were virtually excluded unable as they were to undergo the expenses of an electioneering contest . The only sufferers by the bill would be men of no