that it is reduced to such a necessity . It would be , in itself , a considerable humiliation or degradation to Prussia , to be obliged to give up those provinces to which it was so much attached , and which had been called , `` The cradle of the house of Brandenburgh . '' The degradation of this cession was still much increased by the conduct of the people of Anspach , who entreated their sovereign not to abandon them . Instead of lessening the ignominy of the cession , it was a great increase of dishonour , to sell a brave and loyal people for what was called an equivalent : it was an union of every thing that was contemptible in servility , with every thing that was odious in rapacity.—On the 26th of Jan. , an official letter was written from baron Hardenberg to Mr. Jackson , expressly stating it to be the intention of his Prussian majesty to take possession of Hanover only until the conclusion of peace between England and France . In the answer to that letter , his majesty expresses his firm reliance on the declaration of his Prussian majesty , but wishes the terms to be more explicit . The language that Prussia held at that time to our court , was the same she then 890 held to Russia , and to every other court with which she was connected by the relations of friendship . Soon after this , the convention with France appeared , and then the court of Prussia wished to represent the measures taken with regard to Hanover , as in a manner dictated by France ; they would have it supposed , that it was rather an object of French than of Prussian ambition , that they should be possessed of Hanover . At first , they endeavoured to represent to the government of this country , that it was more for our interest that Hanover should be occupied by Prussian than by French troops ; and their argument was this : ? If we have it , the ports may be still open to your commerce , or at leas your manufactures may have a passage through our territory. ? This hope was , however , now entirely cut off , and M. de Schulenburgh , in his manifesto , professes to take the country as a present from France , which she had won and held by the right of conquest . No example could be found in all the histories of war , and no mention had ever been made by the writers on ht law of nations , of any power having a right to receive as a present , a country occupied during a war by one of the belligerent powers , but not ceded by the other.—The house must therefore see to what extremity we are now reduced . It would be idle to say that a war with Prussia would not be a calamity . It is impossible but that it must be a calamity to this country , to have the number of its enemies increased . It is also a painful consideration to think that there is no mode of returning this calamity on the aggressors which will not , in some degree , fall also on neutral and friendly nations , and even on ourselves . The house will , however , feel that there are occasions in which a manifestation of our principles and of our resentment become necessary , although attended with the calamities inseparable from war . If such an outrage as this were passed over , might not every other nation in Europe , and particularly those who have less power to resist than Prussia , say to us , `` we wish as much as you that the power of France could be restrained , but you see our situation , and the great power of France , to which we are exposed ? What are we to do ? '' If this question were put to me , I should answer , that powers in that situation must