. who had accepted the office of steward of his majesty 's manor of East Hendred ; and for the borough of Portarlington , in the room of T. Tyrwhitt , esq . who had accepted the office of steward of his majesty 's Chiltern Hundreds.—Lord Henry Petty moved , that there be laid before the house an account of all offices granted in reversion in England , stating the nature of each office , the date of the grant , and the period of time for which it was granted , —Mr . Rose 181 observed , that a return of this nature had been lately made , and therefore that the account need only be called for from the date of the last return . He had no objection , however , to the motion . The motion was then put and carried , without any amendment.—His lordship then moved , `` that an account of all offices granted in reversion in Scotland , with the nature of each office , the date of the grant , and the period for which it was granted , should be laid before the house . '' Ordered . He made a similar motion for Ireland , which was also agreed to.—Lord Henry Petty moved , that there be laid before the house an account of the increase or diminution , between the 1st of Jan. 1805 , and the 1st of Jan. 1806 , of the salaries , emoluments , and expences of all offices in England . Ordered . He then moved for a similar account with respect to Ireland , which was also ordered.—Lord H. Petty brought down the following message from his majesty : `` G. R His majesty , taking notice that by the act of parliament for allowing an annuity to earl St. Vincent , that annuity is limited to the earl and his two heirs male ; and , being desirous that it should be further extended , recommends this object to the consideration of that house . '' On the motion of lord H. Petty , his majesty 's message was ordered to be referred to a committee of the whole house on Thursday next . rose , in compliance with a habit which had of late prevailed in the house , to give notice of a motion which he intended to bring forward . This habit , he observed , which rendered a previous notice necessary when a motion of importance , or one which was likely to meet with opposition , was to be proposed , had certainly not always prevailed there . But however , that he might not be deficient in any point of form , which had been deemed proper by the house , he now gave notice that to-morrow he would move for a paper relative to the finances of the East-India company . This motion would be founded on a question , and it depended on the manner in which that question should be answered , whether or not he should bring it forward at all . In case , however , it should be necessary , he hoped that this would be considered as a sufficient notice . rose to give notice of a motion which he intended 182 to submit to the house on Monday next , relative to the situation which the lord chief justice of the king 's bench at present occupied in the cabinet . wished that the hon . member would state more explicitly the nature of his motion . replied , that he had not as yet framed it , so as to be able at present to be more explicit . ( General Fitzpatrick ) observed , that he had last session given notice of a motion respecting the military justice of this kingdom . As this was , in his estimation , a matter of the highest importance , he had always been anxious to have it brought forward as soon as possible . But peculiar circumstances had prevented him from pressing it at the commencement of the present session , as he once intended to have