done . At a later period , an event had occurred which rendered it necessary for him to postpone it still farther . Since that event , other circumstances had occurred , which induced him to abstain altogether for the present from urging his proposed motion ; for the alteration which had taken place with respect to those by whom the affairs of the army were to be managed , and in his majesty 's government in general , afforded well-grounded hopes that the defects of which he complained would be remedied by the executive power . With these sentiments , he thought it would be quite unnecessary for him to make these defects at present the subject of parliamentary investigation . Amendment was undoubtedly requisite in the points to which he intended to have directed the attention , of the house ; but , for the reasons above stated , he would beg leave to wave his motion . rose , and begged to ask a question of the noble lord , whom he then saw in his place , relative to a report which had gone abroad on a very important subject . It was by no means his intention to interfere with , or ask any questions relative to taxes ; but he hoped there was nothing improper or irregular in requesting the noble lord to say , whether he had applied to the governor and directors of the bank , for information relative to appropriating a certain portion of the sinking fund towards payment of the interest of the new loan ? Such a report was in circulation , and had occasioned considerable alarm and uneasiness 183 in the public mind . He hoped , therefore , the noble lord would excuse his troubling him for an answer to what he had taken the liberty to ask . said , he was extremely happy in having an opportunity of assuring the worthy alderman , and the public , that there was no foundation whatever for the report he had heard on that subject . rose , pursuant to notice , to move for leave to bring in a bill relative to the first fruits in Ireland , and the regulation of Dr. Boulton 's charity . This was a fund which had been left about 50 years ago by Dr. Boulton , archbishop of Armagh , to assist in maintaining the poorer clergy . The fund had of late very much increased . The object of the present bill was merely to enable the trustees in cases where the incomes of curates , & c. were below 100/ . a year , to raise them to that sum from this fund , as far as it would go . He concluded by moving for leave to bring in a bill to amend the act of the 29th of George II. , relative to the first fruits in Ireland , and for the better management of Dr. Boulton 's charity . This motion had been made last session , but had from some accidental circumstances been deferred till now . thought that this might be a very proper motion , but the reason why he now rose , was to suggest to the learned gent . that however unexceptionable the thing might be , it was desirable that he should wait till another gentleman was present , who might wish to attend to this bill through every stage of its progress . This was the practice of the house , and a practice founded not only in decorum but in use too , and might be peculiarly proper in this case , as the hon . gent . alluded to , would in all probability hold a very high situation in Ireland . replied , that he was perfectly disposed to comply with this practice , but on the present occasion it was unnecessary , as the hon . gent . referred to , had last session an opportunity of examining this measure , and had then stated no objection to it.—Leave was then granted . brought up a petition from certain freeholders of Middlesex , against