country of the service of a noble lord of such high talents , such eminent abilities , such great experience , and incorruptible integrity , as were possessed by the distinguished personage who was the object . of this motion . He admitted , that if the noble lord had been called to a situation incompatible with his judicial functions ; if he had been brought into an office that would impede the impartial administration of justice and the laws ; if such were the case , whatever advantages might be derived from his eminent abilities , he would rather they should all be foregone , than that such consequences should be produced . He felt , that the administration of justice was one of the greatest blessings any country could possess , and that it was purer in this than in any other quarter of the globe . He considered the end as infinitely beyond the means . It was the upright administration of justice that secured the government and protected the people , and insured to the individual , who sought wealth in foreign climes , the quiet and undisturbed enjoyment of the fruits of his industry on his return to his native land . There would be no value in wealth , if the government at home were weak , and the channels of jus- 293 tice polluted . But he wished the house to consider what would be the effect of calling lord Ellenborough to the Cabinet ? That noble lord was no common person . If any man could be independent ; if any human circumstances could insure independence , that noble lord could not but be independent . He had attained the highest rank in his profession . He stood in that proud , eminent , and exalted situation , in which no object could he presented to him to tempt him to swerve from his duty . He was a public character too , more under the observation of the public than any individual in the nation . All the business of his court was public , and there was a greater variety of cases submitted to its decisions , than to that of any other court of justice . He would venture to say , that whilst so high a sense of moral rectitude , whilst so scrupulous a regard to justice prevailed in this country , no chief justice would ever be found to act unjustly . He should be glad to know , what objection there could be to the noble lord 's assisting at the deliberations of the Cabinet on foreign affairs , and that council was first called the committee for foreign affairs ? The relations of foreign nations , and of this country with them , must in the present state of things , constitute a considerable part of the deliberations of that council ; and he would be glad to know what there was in such discussions that could tempt a judge to swerve from his duty ? It was perfectly true , that there might he questions relative to sedition , insurrection , or treason , brought into discussion in the Cabinet , and that , after attending such discussion , the chief justice might also have to preside a 8judge at the trial of the offenders . But what effect would that produce on his mind ? He desired it to be recollected , that no person was appointed to the place of judge , till after a certain time passed in the profession , when he had acquired profound learning and great experience . Was it likely that in such a man his principles would be afloat , or that be would be led by the Cabinet ? Was it not more likely that he would lead the Cabinet . ( A loud cry of hear ! hear ! ) He should repeat the expression . He should again insist , that on questions of criminal law or prosecutions , it was likely that a criminal judge 's opinion would influence that of the Cabinet , and that in that sense he would