desired effect from this circumstance . But , however , the present ministry had agreed to take the affair into consideration , and he , was now authorised to state , that this petition was brought forward with the sanction of office . expressed the wishes of ministers to afford every facility possible to the steps that might be taken for the settling of this business . It had engaged the attention of the privy council , and it had occurred to them that another bill should be brought in to continue the suspension of the present regulations , with a view to bring in a bill as soon as possible , to fix the proper regulations . In his opinion one bill would not answer the purpose.He thought that different bills would be requisite , according to the various points to be settled . expressed his satisfac- 349 tion at what had fallen from the noble lord . It always appeared to him that the various points embraced in this business could not be properly settled without the authority of government , and this therefore was a course of proceeding which he had always recommended . He was doubtful , however , whether the matter could be finally settled in the course of the present session . There were a great variety of points to be considered , such as the difference in the quality of the articles , the machinery , and the 7 years apprenticeship required at present from those who exercised the trade . He would give no opinion now on that head , but he hoped that the whole would be minutely examined when the bills came to a committee . The . Woollen Clothiers of York had not as yet been heard on this subject , though others had enjoyed that advantage . He was earnestly desirous that this business might be soon and completely settled . said , he was so sensible of the necessity of some effectual regulations , that he was willing to give every assistance in his power towards a revision of all the laws upon the subject . wished lo submit whether it would not be proper to appoint a committee for revising the laws relating to the Woollen Manufacture in general ? replied , that he did not know of any objection to it . thought it might be right to remind them , that the practice of the house with the view of convenience , in such cases was to appoint a committee of revision , in preference to bringing in a number of different bills.—The petition was then ordered to lie on the table ; as was also another petition to the same effect , from the Cloth Workers of Wilts , Somerset , and Gloucester . In an appeal from the court of King 's Bench , Macdonall v. Baily , Mr. Knapp was heard for the defendant , after which the judgment of the court of King 's Bench was affirmed , with 80l . costs.—Mr . Fordyce , surveyor-general of the crown lands , presented the third report respecting the land revenue of the crown ; which was ordered to lie on the table.—The qualification indemnity bill was read a second time , and committed for tomorrow . presented a petition from the city of Cork , praying for leave to bring in a bill to enable the inhabitants to erect a new gaol in Cork . Leave granted.—Mr . Fordyce presented tile third report from the surveyor-general of the land revenues , which , on the motion , of Mr. Vansittart , was ordered to be printed.—Mr . Allnutt , from the commissioners of the Thames navigation , presented , an Abstract of an Account of all money received and disbursed by the commissioners appointed for improving and completing the navigation of the rivers Thames and Isis in the year 1805.—The Marine Mutiny bill was reported , and ordered to be read a third time to-morrow.—Lord Temple brought in the bill for allowing the exportation of corn and other articles for the use of his majesty 's foreign garrisons ; which was