is going to propose a compulsion more violent than the country .has ever experienced , by calling out his mass ; and this after the services of so many volunteers have .been tendered and accepted . I confess I entertain strong doubts whether the rt . hon . gen. is warranted in this project ; whether after the country has , under the option given by the original levy-en-masse bill , redeemed itself from the compulsory training by furnishing more , much more , than the stipulated proportion of volunteers , it is fair and just on the part of the government to propose returning the volunteers upon their lends , and calling for the literal execution of the service in lieu of which they had been accepted . It is for rt . hon . gent . to explain why he prefers the mode of proceeding Which creates the greatest compulsion , and produces the least service ; but it behoves the house to take care that they do not countenance an injustice.—To obtain the levy of this mass , recourse is to be had to ballot — ballot , which the rt . hon . gent . has held up so frequently to abhorrence and derision ! But no matter . The rt . hon . gent . has a notable expedient in this ballot for keeping up the volunteers . He is no enemy , not he , to the volunteer establishment , which , on the contrary , he wishes to keep up , and to keep up by his ballot . How ? The rt . hon . gent . can not mean to subject to the ballot , volunteers who may have exercised their right of quitting the corps to which they belonged . The ballot is for the purpose of training men loosely ; an individual who , has been for some time in a volunteer corps , can not by any means be supposed to stand in need of any training of this description . How therefore , can the rt , hon . gent . expect to maintain the volunteers by the operation of the ballot ? If it is indeed intended to subject those who have quitted , or may quit their corps , to the ballot , this appears to me to be so gross an act of injustice , that unless some other gentlemen , better qualified , shall do so , I shall myself propose a clause to prevent it.—With regard to this mass , several questions arise , which no doubt the rt . hon . gent . will some time or other , think it fit to answer . How are they to be trained ? how combined ? and whither are they to go ? To find officers for the purpose of training shot be so easy as the rt . hon . gent . imagines The militia upon which he appeared to reckon , 994 certainly can not spare them . The very fault of the militia , is that it is itself imperfectly officered at present . The officers of the second battalions have been mentioned for that purpose : but of the 57 second battalions , 30 are 300 strong , and want all their own officers ; and the remaining 27 , which are not filled up to : that amount , are officered only in proportion to the amount to which they are filled . But supposing them trained , what is then to become of them ? are they to be ticketed and labelled , and laid by for use ? under whose custody and superintendance ? who is to be answerable for their forthcoming ? how will it be possible to keep a register of 200,000 names a year , which in six years will amount to 1,200,000 , so as to enable government to lay their hands upon them , immediately on their being wanted ? The nature and the object of their training are likewise to . be matters of consideration . If they are to be employed in annoying the enemy from over hedges