late Nabobs , confined their care , as directed by the acts of parliament , to the interests of British creditors only , but allowed native creditors also to prefer their claims . It was likewise to be taken into the account , that when the Nabobs contracted these debts , they had no other means of payment than the revenues of their country , and to no other resource could their creditors look for the liquidation of their demands . Many of them , indeed , had received tuncas , or assignments , upon the revenues from the Nabob , directed to the Aumildars , or collectors , who nevertheless could not , or would not satisfy them . Hence the hon . gent . contended that , although the revenues were not strictly bound in mortgage , they were virtually pledged , into whatever hands they might fall , to the discharge of every bonâ fide claim . It was further to be considered , that the act of 1784 , by directing the East-India co. to establish , in concert with the Nabob , a fund out of his revenues for the liquidation of his debts , recognized the principle that his revenues were justly applicable in such a measure . The 33d of the king , c. 52. sect . 146. by repealing many parts of the act of 1784 , while it specifically retained the clauses relating to the Nabob 's debts , again acknowledged the same principle . In pursuance of that principle , twice solemnly recognized by Parliament , the East-India co. had now consented that 3,40,000 pagodas should be annually set aside for the gradual liquidation of all the just debts of the late Nabobs . Had the directors acted otherwise , it would have been fairly imputable to them that , while the revenues were not their own , and their own property could not be touched , they were ready and willing , in conformity to the directions of the legislature , to aid British creditors in the recovery of their debts ; but now the revenues belonged to themselves , now their own coffers might suffer , and their own treasury be affected , they turned a deaf ear to the creditors , forgot 731 the spirit which governed the legislature , and pursued a contracted , a mean , and a selfish policy . Nay , the British creditors , whose demands were in existence before the promulgation at Madras of the act of 1784 , would have a still stronger case against the court of directors , as they might say , `` Now the revenues of the Carnatic are in your possession , you pay no attention to our claims ; but had they not been granted away by the Nabob , you were bound in law to assist us in the recovery of our just debts , you could not refuse your aid . Thus we are placed in a worse situation now the Carnatic revenues are in the hands of our countrymen , than when they were the property of a foreign prince . '' Enough , he trusted , had been said to make it appear , that in honour , in justice , in regard to the principle twice sanctioned by Parliament , the East-India co. were bound to provide a fund out of the revenues of the ? Carnatic , for liquidating the bonâ fide debts of late Nabobs . But it might be asked on what conditions was the continuance of that fund to depend ? The first was , `` that it shall be annually set aside so long as the administration of the the revenues of the Carnatic shall be vested in the East-India co. '' It was needless to shew that , if the revenues were placed in the hands of the Nabob , or in any other hands , the obligation on the part of the East-India co. to provide for the debts of the Nabobs , would no longer exist . If there were any gentlemen within the walls of parliament who , because they