Yet the hon . gent . chose to overlook all these papers , and to bring forward the charge before the house , with regard to which not one document was to be found on the table , or was ever moved for . Thus , strange to tell , the hon . gent , passed by the accusations ; to substantiate which , he had been so long collecting evidence , and fixed upon One with regard to which he had not yet attempted to adduce any evidence whatever . But the hon . gent . pleaded as an excuse for this , that he was provoked by a noble lord ( Temple ) and another member , who were perpetually teazing him , as he stated , because he did nothing but move for papers , instead of bringing forward any charge . So far the hon . gent . seemed disposed to deal in a sort of repartee with the members of whom he complained , and therefore proposed a charge , with reference to which he had moved for no papers at all . The right hon . gent . did not mean it to be inferred from the motion he was about to submit , that he was in all Case adverse to the publication of a charge before trial , or that he had that objection to what were called ex parte statements , upon which the principle of a bill , lately introduced a learned serjeant ( Best ) , seemed to rest . On the contrary , he was determined to oppose that bill in every stage of its progress.—Returning to the subject of his motion , the right hon . gent . observed , that it was highly material this 896 charge should be brought to issue soon as possible . But as that issue was not to he looked for , he felt that nothing should be allowed to go forth from that house accompaniad by the letters and extracts of dispatches from lord Cornwallis and others , of which no previous notice had been given , and which were calculated to prejudice the public mind upon the subject . He understood that several months would elapse before the documents to which the hon . gent . alluded the preceding day , could be prepared , and laid before the house . If so , it would not surely be consistent with justice to allow the publication of a paper that must unfairly operate against the accused . An objection was the preceding night started to his motion , on the ground that it was not calculated to produce the effect in view , as the charge under consideration would be published among the votes of the house , which were usually circulated among the members . But that statement he found , upon enquiry , to be erroneous , as this paper would be printed in the journals , which would not , of course he published . The hon . gent . in order to satisfy the house , would ask his right hon . friend near him ( Mr. H. Addington ) , in what time the documents , on which the charge before the house professed to rest , could be got ready ? The right hon . gent . concluded by moving `` That the order made yesterday , for printing the Article of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanours against marquis Wellesley , be discharged . replied , that to prepare the list of papers alluded to , would , he was sorry to say , require a considerable time . This he was . enabled to state from his experience respecting other papers of a similar nature ; and he was sorry for the delay , because it was highly desirable , that the whole of this case should he disposed of with all convenient expedition . He was sure , that every member must sympathize in the feelings of lord Wellesley , in consequence of such suspence . Wishing , therefore , the speedy decision of the question , he regretted to