He therefore moved that the bill be read this day 6 months . said , that a bill founded on the same principle had already twice met with the sanction of the house , though it had not passed in consequence of certain alterations it had undergone in the lords . He therefore had not thought it necessary on the first reading of the bill to enter at length into the merits of it . He contended that the provisions of this bill should have formed a part of the late bill on the residence of the Clergy . That bill had extended great indulgence to rectors , and he should be sorry if there did not now appear the same feeling for curates as there had then been displayed for rectors . Was it not equitable that when rectors were per- 923 mitted an absence from their charges of 4 months in the year , curates should receive a comfortable subsistence for regularly performing the duty of a parish ? He thought that it was just rectors should be told , you may reside if you please , but if you chuse to indulge in non-residence , you must provide some person qualified , to discharge the duty , with a comfortable subsistance . It had been said , that every thing of this kind should be settled between the rector and the curate , and that the compensation from the one to the other should be permitted to find its own level . But he contended that this mercantile principle was inapplicable to this subject . The interest of the public must also be attended to ; and it was their interest that parochial duty should be well performed . It was certainly essential to the proper performance of that duty , that the curate should be enabled to appear with some respectability in his parish ; and how could be do this , unless removed from that state of indigence to which so many of them were condemned ? He should consider it as the greatest boon which could be granted to the country , were every parish to enjoy a resident clergyman of respectability . With respect to the discretionary power of bishops , he had no objection to their being imperatively bound by the act to assign the due proportion , namely , one-fifth of the living , to the support of the curate , in the case of non-residence . He hoped , however , that if gentlemen considered the importance of every parish enjoying a residing clergyman , they would not object to the bill going to a committee , in which it might undergo many amendments . was astonished to hear the learned gent . call on the house to take time to consider of the merits of the bill , as in his statement in bringing it in , he had said , that it contained nothing new . The learned gent . had expressed a wish that , if possible , every curate should have 250l . but , he believed he could with truth state , that the average of the livings in England did not amount to more than that sum . Parliament might insist , on the residence of the clergy , but he conceived it had no more right to dispose of their property than that of any other set of men . The avowed object of the bill was to compel the residence of the curates ; now it so happened , that this object was not obtained . Bishops had the power of appointing a curate when the rector was absent , but 924 the public had no security that that would be done . The noble lord then adverted to the different parts of the bill , to all of which he objected ; and concluded by saying , he would oppose it in the present stage , as he did not think it could be altered in a committee . He said that a strong case ought to be made out before the house could think of transferring property in the manner