the subject on which a communication had been made to the house , when the duke of Richmond had been at the head of the ordnance department , respecting the best mode of fortifying the dock-yards , was a more delicate question than the present , and argued that the papers ought to be granted . contended , that there could have been no breach of delicacy , in laying before the house the report of officers appointed to draw up their opinions upon public opinion referred to them for consideration . The opinions under discussion stood upon different grounds , having been confidently communicated to the commander in chief , at his desire , to assist his own judgment . It had been said , that their opinions might be referred back to those who gave them , in order to their being produced in a more perfect form . But were they all in existence ? Were they at 792 hand ? Or was it convenient to do so ? No parliamentary ground had been laid for the motion , and he should therefore oppose it . —The question was then put on the motion , and negatived without a division . begged to call the attention of the house to the papers that had been printed since the right hon . gent . had opened his sketch of the measures he had proposed to bring forward . These papers would shew that the bill , now proposed to be repealed , afforded the best means of obtaining a supply for the army , as it was now in full force , and all the difficulties which it had encountered were got over . He hoped the house would interpose its authority to prevent the country from being deprived of its effects . He called on gentlemen to examine these papers , in order to prepare themselves for the debate on the 2d reading of the bill . concurred with the hon . general in hoping that gentlemen would come prepared to judge of the bill , after having read the papers on the table , which , he was convinced would satisfy them that the bill had completely failed . recommended to the house , in his turn , an examination of these papers , because he was sure the result would be the reverse of what had been stated by the hon . member who preceded him . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Pitt ) who had brought forward the measure , had stated last session , that on the average of the 3 weeks preceding the 6th of March , that year , it had produced nearly 200 per week , and on the average of the 3 months preceding , it would produce 9 or 10,000 in the year . And in the 50 weeks ending the 14th of last March , it had produced above 9000 men . In the last 15 weeks it had produced an average of 258 per week , which would give 13,200 in the year ; in the last 10 weeks an average of 277 , or 14,600 in the year ; and in the last five weeks , an average of 356 per week , being at the rate of above 18,000 in the year ; and this under all the discouragements which interfered with its operation . They would also find by the papers , that the bill had not been effectual in the first instance , because it had not been understood . When it had been explained by the inspecting field officers , the 793 result had been to give renewed activity to the bill . thought the house obliged to the learned gent . for the course of reading he recommended ; but was of opinion that they should adopt a more enlarged system of education . He begged the house would consider not so much the number of men raised , as the means by which they were raised , and the manner in which the bill had been received in the country . observed , that the hon