and after the 31st of May , 1805 , from the late governor-general of India to the Secret Committee of the Court of Directors , together with their inclosures , were then put and agreed to.—On the question that there be laid before the house a copy of a letter from lord Lake to marquis Cornwallis , dated Sept. 2 , 1805 , relative to the reduction of the irregular troops , by order of marquis Wellesley , Mr. Francis asked , whether the papers then moved for comprised all the documents on the subject of the irregular troops ? Mr . Pole replied , that they comprised all he thought necessary for his purpose . He was not aware of any others requisite to bring the question fully before the house , but if any other gentleman should be of a different opinion , he could have no objection to agree to any motion that might be made for the production of such further papers as should be deemed necessary . moved the 2d reading of the bill from the lords , declaring the Liability of Witnesses to answer . On the question being put , said , he did not mean to oppose the 2d reading of the bill , because he should be equally at liberty to state his objections to it on the question for the speaker 's leaving the chair , if his learned 525 friend should propose to have it committed , Undoubtedly clauses might be added in the committee , which would render the bill less objectionable than , as it then stood , it was . The bill in its present form appeared to him unnecessary , and , in principle , extremely objectionable as , he was convinced , would be the opinion of the house , when it should seriously examine its provisions . In his opinion , it would not , in its present form , either answer the purpose for which it was intended , or declare the law as laid down by the high authorities , that had been called on to decide that point . said , he would not then enter into the merits of the measure , but proposed that the bill should be committed on Thursday next , when he should be ready to discuss the question with his learned friend . The bill was then read a second time . begged leave to renew the observation which he had made on Friday last , relative , to the unprecedented case of bringing forward the Ways and Means of the year , before the particulars of the army expenditure had been submitted to parliament , or consequently the whole of the supply for the year voted . He had since looked into precedents , and was most strongly confirmed in what he had on that day urged as the opinion that struck him at the moment . There was not an instance , since the Revolution , of the ways and means of the year having been brought forward before the Army Estimates were voted . When he had stated his opinion on former night , he admitted that a supply to a certain extent had been voted . He was not then aware that the motion which stood for this day would have been put off . But really he felt constitutional objections the developement of the ways and means till the whole of the military expenditure should be voted . The supply already voted was 24,460,000l . Of the ways and means , only the land and malt had been granted . The noble lord might also consider the war taxes as a part of the ways and means , which , with the land and and malt , would amount to 16,000,000l . If to this were added the amount of the amount of the loan to be made and provided for in general statement of the Ways and Means of the year on Friday , the Ways and Means would greatly exceed the supply , and against this excess there was nothing to be set but conjectural military estimates