nation relied altogether on a standing army , and because the people could not be trusted with arms But it would be a libel on the people of England to suppose that a very different result would not take place in this country , even were the standing army extinguished , provided our gallant Volunteers were under the direction of able officers . He could not but remark , that the rt . hon . gent. , in an exposition of his new system , had conveyed a pretty strong libel upon the Militia and Volunteers of the country . He here reiterated several of the rt . hon . gent 's expressions on that occasion , and expressed a hope that he would not persist in the intention he had announced , of drawing the coats of volunteers form their shoulders , and clothing them in carters ' frocks . It was not upon a regular army that a nation ought to be taught to depend , as , in that case , the people became supine , indifferent to every thing martial , and regardless of the means for their own defence . did not think it fair to consider the Additional Force act as an abstract proposition . Its repeal made part of the system of the rt . hon . gent . who presided over the war department , and it was not possible to discuss it without adverting to his plan . The impression upon his mind was , that the rt . hon . gent . wished to lower the volunteer system from what he stated in his opening speech . There might be defects in that system , but he would not consent to part with it , until the rt . hon . gent . came forward with something in its place . The objections to the allowance of rank he could not consider as unfounded . It was certainly a privilege which had been profusely bestowed . It put him in mind of What took place in Ireland formerly under the old militia , of which there was a corps in the county of Cork , consisting of only 20 men , and in which there were lieut . colonels . He gave his support to the amendment . was not surprised that the gentlemen who supported the bill , wished to confine the discussion to it , and wave the consideration of the other ports of the new system . They were aware that much prejudice against the act which it was proposed to repeal , existed both in and out of that house , and they resolved to rely rather upon the objections to the bill than upon the merits of their own plan . He complained , that in a particular county , Berks , 1016 which had been forward in petitioning against the act , the magistrates had not done their duty ; and in support of his assertion , he read a letter which had been laid on the table from the inspecting officer of that district . He deprecated any alteration in the Volunteer system , and particularly the discontinuance of the permanent duty , to which he attributed the scanty returns of that force now before the house . One fort , night 's permanent duty he had the authority of experienced military men for declaring , would do more towards the improvement of their discipline , than the 25 days proposed by the rt . hon . gent . He was unwilling to give op the bill without seeing a sufficient substitute . vindicated the conduct of the magistrates and parish officers of Berkshire , who could not , he contended , succeed in raising the men required , unless they violated the provisions of the act under consideration , both with regard to the bounty , and to the space presented . The hon . gent . observed that the execution of the act was quite impracticable . He remembered a letter to have been sent by the secretary of state to the lord sent of Berkshire , requiring him to assemble