services of the state . When the French fleet came up to Dungeness , in the year 1744 , the total amount of the army to defend the country was only 19,000 ; a circumstance which might still be in the recollection of many gentlemen at this present day . It was impossible now to think of keeping up an army upon the principles adopted in the reign of George the second ; and such being the case , it served no end to advert to what could not possibly be effected at that distant period . As to the proposed mode of recruiting for limited service , he did not think that it would have the effect of even increasing the first levy , and far less would it tend to retain the men in the second instance . This had been a constant complaint in regard to the army of Reserve , and the same thing would undoubtedly occur in the present instance . It had been already found that desertion took place more frequently in the limited , than in the unlimited service . The army of this country might be said to be always an annual army , from the circumstance of that house enjoying a privilege , which he hoped they would never be deprived of , that of voting a sum annually for its maintenance . Men could not , therefore , be said , to be enlisting for life , when it appeared that they thus only enlisted for the particular length of time during which their services might be required . By the present practice in the army ( a practice which did not appear on this occasion to have been adverted to ) , no man was retained in it above 24 years . This was an imitation of the custom of the ancient Romans , whose soldiers , after having served 20 years , procured what was denominated a remissio , and were afterwards transferred , to another description of service . He had not the smallest objection to this custom being , strictly attended to , and enforced ; but he should be extremely sorry indeed , to find a new system , not likely to produce any good effect , introduced . This was running the risk of altering the army in the most irregular manner . What constituted the superiority of the regular army ? It was the feeling which the men had of their being soldiers , and kept on a different footing from those who were raised on a different plan . He warned the house to pause before they attempted to introduce such a dangerous innovation , and to reflect upon what 719 might probably be the consequence in regard to the navy of Great Britain . He was not at all aware that some regulations would not become necessary , in order to ascertain a specified term of service for sailors and marines , men who might be said at present to be engaged in an unlimited species of service . He most sincerely hoped that ministers would not encumber themselves with any opinions which they might have formerly uttered in that house , when they in their own consciences were , he believed , convinced that their plans would not be successful . If we were to keep up our army even in time of peace to the amount of 150,000 men , we might reasonably suppose that between 50 and 60 thousand men would be found necessary for our colonies , for garrisons , and for reliefs , & c. This would be keeping up a larger army than would otherwise be necessary , and that principally for the purpose of relieving those men whose time was expired . It had been found by the experience we have already had in the militia , that no sooner was a man 's time expired , than he retired from the service with the utmost eagerness . He saw no occasion for our imitating the custom of other countries who stood in situations entirely different from ours . He agreed with the right