awkward situation would he be placed , sitting in judgment upon an offence actually committed against himself ! In cases of riot too , arising from the dearness of provisions , and to suppress which , government might possibly have recourse to strong measures of authority ; was it advisable that one of the Cabinet ministers should be sitting as judge to try the persons who should be found offending against the laws applicable to such contravention ? His noble friend had stated , and truly stated , that there was but one instance since the revolution , of a common law judge acting as a Cabinet minister . Why did he begin his researches from the revolution , but for this reason , that it was only from that period that the independence of the judges commenced ? In that period there was only the solitary instance of lord Mansfield , for he could not consider lord Hardwicke 's case as a fair precedent , tilling as he did , for certain reasons of weight at the time , the offices of chancellor and chief justice together . With respect to the particular case , if there had existed any circumstances which made it necessary , and such he would admit might exist , to call lord Ellenborough to the Cabinet , their lordships would not have heard of the present motion . The case of a lord chancellor having a seat in the Cabinet bore no analogy whatever to that of a chief justice , for the jurisdiction of the former in no degree applied to criminal law . The chancellor was removable at pleasure , because he was a Cabinet minister ; neither the judges nor the master of the rolls were , because it was not intended that they should ever become responsible advisers of the crown . With regard to the arguments drawn from the two regencies , he would observe , that one of them was never acted upon , and the other only for a short time . A noble and learned friend of his who spoke early in the debate , allowed that it was neither illegal nor unconstitutional . He knew how difficult it was , when once you admitted that a thing was not illegal , to prove that it was unconstitutional ; but he would contend , that the appointment of the chief justice of the King 's 277 Bench , of a common law judge to a seat in the Cabinet , was not congenial with the pure principles and practice of the constitution . He should be sorry to see that respect which was due to the sacred character of a judge , diminished by such an innovation upon the constitution . Whatever might be the decision of that house , it could not be concealed that the general feeling of the country was against the appointment . replied to the different lords who had supposed the motion . He said , that a most artful attempt had been made to confound things which were in their nature separate ; and to separate those which were in truth the same . It had been ingeniously attempted to make an active , ostensible minister of the king , and a person merely summoned to a committee of the privy council , one and the same thing , though nothing could be more separate and distinct . And next , it was attempted to make a member of such committee and a member of the privy council separate and distinct characters , though they were really one and the same . The artful meaning of this was , to fabricate a supposed responsibility which did not exist and was not known to the constitution . It was to endeavour to make a mere confidential counsellor of the king responsible equally with an actual , efficient , ostensible minister , in a particular department . The constitution knew no such thing ; no measure could take place , no act could be done but there was one active responsible person to whom parliament and the country had to look for