of their being themselves made liable to a civil action . Although he professed the highest respect for the authority of those judges who held the rule to be the other way , yet it must be recollected that the point had never been seriously argued before , or probably those great and learned judges might have altered their opinions . He had always held that witnesses could be compelled to answer questions , even although their answers might expose them to civil actions , and the more he considered the practice of the courts , and the reason on which it was founded , the more he was confirmed in that opinion . He , therefore , agreed with his learned brethren in the answers they had given-to the questions that had been submitted to their opinion . differed in opinion from the learned Judges who had preceded him . He conceived , that , by the mild laws of this country , no man was bound to criminate himself ; or to give evidence against his own pecuniary interest , and perhaps to his utter ruin . It was allowed , that neither in a court of equity , or at law , was a man bound to answer what might expose him to a penalty or forfeiture . He could not see the reason why a man should be excused from answering questions which might expose hint to the penalty of five pounds for killing a hare , and yet should be obliged to answer questions which might expose him to ten thousand pounds in damages , or to lie in jail all his life , it he should be unable to pay those damages . This difference , it appeared , was more grounded upon practice than upon any principle . The practice , however , of the courts of equity differed most materially from that of the courts of law . In the courts of equity , although the parties were liable to be compelled to answer upon oath , yet they had time for due deliberation and legal advice , and besides the answers could not afterwards be misrepresented . It was very different , however , in a court of law , when a question rapidly put by an ingenious lawyer , and 238 answered without consideration , might expose the witness to ruin . If this answer could be given against him as evidence in another trial , it would be given in without the witness having any opportunity to explain his answer . There were many other differences between the rules of evidence in the court of equity , and those of common law . In the former , an infant could not be compelled to answer , in the latter he could . He did not consider that the principle laid down by lord Mansfield was entitled to more weight , than the opinions of so many great and eminent Judges , who had determined the other way . His opinion was , therefore , contrary to the opinion expressed by his brother judges . said , that he had always , until this question was agitated , considered that the rule of law was , that a witness was excused from answering such questions as involved his pecuniary rest , and , so thinking , he had concurred with other Judges in refusing a new trial moved for on that very ground . The fact was that , till the present question was started , there had been no solemn argument upon the subject , and he had never turned his mind particularly to it ; but upon the present occasion , having felt it his duty to consider the subject with the utmost attention he could give to it , he had changed his opinion as to the rule of law , and was now inclined to consider that it was different from what he had formerly supposed . Whichever way the general rule lay , that rule had many exceptions ; '' and , although he could see many inconveniences resulting from the affirmative , as well