before the hose upon the subject , it might be competent to him , or any other hon . member , to move the further consideration of the question on some day subsequent to the production of these documents . said , this was the very mode which he intended to have pursued , in consequence of what he had heard in the course of that night 's debate.—The motions were then ordered to be withdrawn . after which , Mr. Sheridan gave notice that he would move the house to rescind the order for printing the first charge . then moved for the production of certain accounts , with a view to shew the comparative amount of the public expenditure in India during the administrations of Mr. Hastings , lord Cornwallis , sir J . Shore , and marquis Wellesley.—The motions were carried unanimously , and the house adjourned . A new writ was ordered to be issued for Wexford , in the room of lord Loftus , called up to the house of peers as marquis of Ely.—Mr . Giles reported , from the committee of impeachment , that they had inspected the place in the court prepared for the accommodation of the house , and found that here would be sufficient space for the accommodation of 500 members , besides the managers of the impeachment . He then moved a string of resolutions , being those usual in such case : That the managers do first go out of the house before the other members ; that after the Speaker has left the house , the members be called by the clerk , according to their counties : That no member do go out till his county be called : That no person but members do presume to sit in the places appointed for members in Westminster hall : That the serjeant do take all such into custody : For the more convenient passage to the hall , that the constables do attend and keep the same clear . Ordered.—The from of procedure in the cases of dr. Sacheverill and Mr. Hastings , being entered as read , Mr. Giles moved , that 886 the same precedents be observed on the trial of lord Melville . Ordered.—It was also ordered , that no member do cross , pass through , or remain , in the passage to the hall , during the procession to and from the trial : Also , that a note , with the name of the right hon . C. Bathurst , be given to the serjeant at arms , and that he do order him to attend at said trial said he did not wish to advert to the long procrastination which had taken place , by means of the printing of papers that had been moved for , in order to repel the charge which it was his intention to bring forward against lord St. Vincent , nor , at this time , to say a word more on the subject . He thought it necessary that a day should now be named for bringing forward the same , and he was desirous of fixing that day , as nearly as possible , according to the wish of the house ; and as he would not desire to name an earlier day than it might be supposed a sufficient time would be given for printing the papers already moved for , therefore he , if it would be agreeable to the house , would name the 6th of May , on which day it was his determination positively to bring it forward . was as anxious to avoid delay in this business as any man in the house . No rational motive could be assigned for delay on his part , or on the part of the noble lord 's friends in question , but the necessary time that might be required for the production of such papers as were judged necessary for the defence of the noble lord , and the elucidation of such points as the hon . gent . had already thought proper to specify . It was