of a high and respectable prince , the representative of many sovereigns , the faithful unsuspected ally of the English nation , against whom treason nor rebellion , nor treachery , nor the stale plea of expediency , can be urged in vindication of the acts.—I shall allude , sir , to nothing that has fallen from any hon . or right hon . gent . in this house , on any former occasions ; but , sir , I must say and state to this house , that declarations are abroad , and in this house , that have excited serious alarms , dismay , sorrow , and I would almost say despair , in the minds of every true friend to liberty , of every friend to justice . It is said , sir , that his majesty 's ministers are to set their faces against retrospects of every kind as to India ; this , sir , I never can credit : but should even that be the case , whilst I must deeply regret the circumstance as being fatal to the ends of justice , yet still I shall proceed , in a cause which has lost me many powerful friends , made me many powerful enemies ; a cause in fact in which I have lost every thing except my consistency and my integrity . My object is retrospect , and again to show to bleeding irritated India and to Europe , whose eyes are fixed on our decision , that if offences have been committed in India , that they will not pass unpunished . For what , sir , I ask , was the emaciated worn out Mr. Hastings brought to the bar of the house of lords ? Was it , sir , to inflict a punishment on that gent . worn out by a 33 years residence in a tropical climate ? That certainly , sir , was one object , but trifling and contemptible , compared to the other grand objects that the illustrious characters had in view who managed that impeachment . They , sir , proclaimed aloud that their object was example ; that their object was , to warn all future Indian governors from injustice , from oppression , from aggrandizement at the expence of British faith and honour ; they were to hold out to the latest posterity an example , that no talents however great , no character however amiable in some respects , would shelter the oppressors of the weak and the 474 invaders of the defenceless . In consequence of such principles , was Mr. Hastings brought to a trial.—Exclusive of the acts in your statute books , the impeachment of Mr. Hastings formed a new system for Indian government ; that impeachment , sir , was a solemn declaration of the opinions of the representatives of this nation ; and on that system , the ever-to-be-lamented lord Cornwallis acted ; he scorned to enrich himself or his employers , at the expence of British faith and honour ; and whilst be lay expiring at Ghauziepore , he could say with truth , that the prince or the peasant of Hindostan , from him never received injustice ; for his acts , no Indian had ever cause to put on mourning . His worthy and hon . successor , lord Teignmouth , followed the same system : but , sir , with these noblemen your system ended ; and what system was adopted by a nobleman who was a member of this house when the impeachment was voted , I shall not attempt at present to describe ; suffice it to say , the Carnatic has been seized , Oude divided , Furruskabad usurped , Surat invaded ; Bundichund , Rohillehund have exchanged their masters ; the half of the Marhatta empire was added to the English possessions ; in short , from Cape Comorin across to the Bay of Cambay , from the Bay of Cambay to Balasore roads , from Balasore roads to the frontiers of Tartary , hardly a spot is to be seen on the map of India ,