without censure or notice.—By the act of 1793 , after the payment of the military and civil establishment , the act enjoins that a sum not less than one million of pounds sterling shall be applied for commercial purposes , and remitted to Great Britain , to form a part of its national wealth . Since 1798 , no sum whatever has been applied to commercial purposes , and the law has been violated in this single instance to a sum exceeding 8 millions . To this extent , and to this amount has this commercial nation been deprived of such an import from our colonies , which the law ordered and enjoined . By the 109th clause of the same act , the law provides , that the governor-general , to reduce the India debt of the company , which was considered as the most formidable enemy to its happiness and prosperity , and which amounted in 1793 to 7 millions , should draw for a sum amounting in each year to 500,000l . which was to be applied to no other purpose , to no other account whatever , except to the reduction of the debt . Eight millions have been drawn from , and not one shilling has been applied to the purpose ordered and enjoined by the act of parliament . Bullion has been exported to the amount also of 8 millions , for the same purpose , and no part of the amount has been applied 195 towards the overthrow of an enemy , considered by every person , conversant in the affairs of India , as fatal to the prosperity of India and England.—By the 111th section of the act , after payment of the said sum of 500,000l . to be drawn for the reduction of the debt , which was to be reduced to two millions of pounds sterling , the law allows of a dividend of ten per cent . per annum to the proprietors of East-India stock . This part of the act , and this part only , has been complied with ; and I maintain , that this ought only to have been the case had funds been remitted from India from the surplus revenues of India . Now , sir , no such thing has been the case . These dividend , sir , to the amount of 600,000l . yearly , have been paid from property provided in India , With money borrowed at an enormous rate of interest in the first instance , saddled with an enormous commission in the next , to the commercial servants of the company ; and the sales of this property which had to pay the principal borrowed in India , the interest of 12 per cent . at the lowest , a commission of 10 per cent . to those that provided the investment , and a dividend of 10 per cent . to the proprietor , have , I am ready to substantiate , invariably produced a considerable , loss . But , sir , the payment of these dividends , for which the public must ultimately be answerable , ought not to have been paid from any funds except the profits arising from investments provided with time surplus revenues of India , and not payments from funds borrowed in India , and which have tended to increase the debt to 30 millions , instead of 2 millions enjoined by the law , has been a violation of the same , a high breach of duty , and has tended amongst other causes , and in no inconsiderable degree , to produce the state of embarrassment so much to be deplored , and tended not only to deprive the public of their just but small participation , but will in the end saddle them with a debt , which never now can be paid by the India company within the period of their charter . After the payment of this dividend , the laid provides , that the East-India company , in addition to the million of wealth to be yearly imported into Great Britain , which I