explanation , which he hoped would not be considered as subtracting from his satisfaction in the vote that he was about to give , the motion that had been made met with his most decided approbation and concurrence . said , he felt how unplea- 45 sant a situation any gent . would be placed in , who should oppose a motion brought forward and seconded in the same manner as the one then under discussion . But he also felt , that , consistently with his sense of public duty , he could not accede to it , and painful as the performance of such a duty must be , he could not shrink from it . The performance of his duty , in the present instance , was the more painful to him , as he extremely regretted the loss of the eminent and distinguished person who was the object of the motion . No gent . who had opposed that right hon . gent . 's measures , nor any friend who deplored him , could more sincerely regret his loss . He too had had the honour of a seat in that house during nearly the whole of the time that right hon . gent . had been in office . He had , during that time , frequently witnessed the exercise of his great talents and transcendent powers , which he had often contemplated with admiration and awe . He felt one ground of objection to the motion on public principles . In the motion the right hon . gent . was represented as an `` excellent statesman . '' If he were called upon to vote thanks ( thanks unfortunately could not now be voted ) ; but if he were called upon to vote some mark of respect to his memory for his disinterestedness as a statesman , he should readily concur . But when he was to vote this mark of respect to the right hon . gent . as an `` excellent statesman , '' he thought himself bound to consider whether that character belonged to his measures and administration . With a view to such estimate , he knew of no criterion but a consideration of the state of the country at the time he came into office , of his conduct whilst in office , and of the present state of the country . However , this would occupy too much of the time of the house . Every gent . would make the comparison in his own mind , and deduce a result for himself . The result in his mind , was , he confessed , unfavourable to the right hon . gent . But he had another objection of a more private nature to the motion , and which applied particularly to himself . He had been placed in the situation which he filled in that house by the suffrages of a large body of men , who certainly did not consider the right hon , gent . as an `` excellent statesman . '' They had elected him , because they thought his principles honest , and that he would oppose that right hon . gent . 's measures . How could he then return to his constituents 46 after such an approbation of the right hon . gent . 's wisdom as a statesman , which so directly contradicted his former opposition to his administration ? He gave the hon . gent . who brought forward the motion , every possible credit for the honourable feelings by which he was actuated , and for the very candid manner in which he had introduced it . He believed he really thought the right hon . gent . `` an excellent statesman ; '' differing , however , with him , as it was his misfortune to do , he could no more give up his opinion to the hon . gent . than he could ask the hon . gent . to acquiesce in his ; and , thus situated , he could not do otherwise than give his negative to the motion . said