maintain can be considered in no other light than as an income from an estate belonging to the nation , the East-India company stipulate and agree to pay into his majesty 's exchequer , in half-yearly payments , as profits , 196 or direct advantage , a participation of 500,000l . to the public in each year ; but , if a failure takes place , it is to be carried as a balance to the succeeding year , and may be levied by a suit at law , with a penalty of 15 per cent . for each failure . No payment , sir , has been made , I believe , except in the first year ; and the balance now due to the public amounts to nearly 7 millions of pounds sterling ; but which , with interest and penalty , would produce a sum sufficient to the purchase of upwards of 35 millions of the capital of the debt of Great Britain.—The 115th clause provides , that the surplus funds of the company shall be laid out in stock , until the same shall amount to 12 millions of pounds sterling , which is to be placed from time to time in the bank of England , there to remain as a guarantee fund for the amount of their capital stock : and by the 116th clause , time governor and company of the bank of England are ordered and required to produce the account of such stock , and lay the same before both houses of parliament on . the 15th of Feb. in each year , if the parliament be then sitting , or within 14 days after time commencement of the then next session . No such returns have been made , and the public are yet to learn what stock has been purchased , and whether or not the capital of the company , on the expiration of the charter , is to be without time guarantee so solemnly stipulated for by the act of parliament : and by the 121st section of the act , it is ordered and enjoined , that , if the directors shall be unable to make good such payments to the public , they shall make representation of such inability to the chancellor of the exchequer , or the lords commissioners , who are empowered to issue an order , suspending such payments ; but are required to come within 14 days to parliament , and produce such representation and order , and evidently to obtain the sanction and approbation of parliament . Here again , sir , the law , I believe , has been grossly violated . Had such yearly representation been made , as the law required , long ere this , I am satisfied , the house and the public would have found themselves compelled to revise a bargain , thus rendered nugatory , violated , and broken in all its parts . To enable gentlemen to meet this great question , I am this night to move for documents to prove the allegations I have now made ; and I hope to this question , gentlemen will come with unbiassed minds , 197 and not shut their eyes to conviction , merely because the question is Indian , and because it is brought forward by a man new to this house and the public . The affairs of India must now force themselves on this house , however the evil hour may be delayed , and an attack on the purses of the people of Great Britain ; and a certainty that , after a waste of much blood and much treasure , they will still be called upon perhaps to pay , certainly to guarantee , a debt of 45 millions sterling . These considerations will demand an attention , that the cries of millions , and the devastation of defenceless provinces , have been unable to effect.—I therefore move : `` 1 . That there be laid before this house , an account of all the sums of money which have been paid by the East-India company into his