the paving board in consequence of the report of a commission of enquiry ; which report contained many and strong charges of malversation against that board . But this report would be soon laid before the house , and gentlemen would then be enabled to judge of lord Hardwicke 's conduct , and of the character of those who complained of him.—The bill was ordered to be read second time this day three weeks . The 10,500,000l , and 537 1,500,000l . Exchequer Bills bills , the Spirit Excise Duties bill , and the Felons Transportation bill , were read a 2d time and committed.—Mr . Johnson , from the Office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland , presented several Accounts and Papers pursuant to the Act of the 44th Geo . III . which were ordered to lie on the table . brought in a bill for forming the Philanthropic Society into a Corporation , which was read a first time , and ordered to be read a 2d time . Mr. Johnson , from the office of the Chief Secretary for Ireland , presented an account of all Offices granted in reversion in Ireland , with the periods for which granted , and the dates of the grants.—Mr . Rix , from the Excise Office , presented an ? account of the Malt charged with duties for the two years ending 5th Jan. 1806.—Mr . Burdon brought in a bill for the better regulation of the admeasurement of Coals scaborne , which was read a first time.—Mr . Vansittart obtained leave to bring in a bill to empower the Commissioners of the Treasury in Ireland to issue Treasury Bills on the credit of the Supplies for the year.—General Tarleton gave notice of his intention on the day previous to the house adjourning for the Easter Holidays , to submit to the house a motion on the State of the Military Defence of the Country , particularly on the Defence Act , provided this subject Was not in the mean time taken up in another quarter.—Mr . Tierney mentioned that he wished to propose an alteration in the Treating bill , and would move that it should be committed now , printed as amended , and afterwards recommitted . The bill was accordingly committed , passed the committee , reported , ordered to be printed as amended , and to be re-committed on Monday the 21st of April . On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , the estimates of the charges of the establishment in New South Wales . the Plantations , & c. and the account of exchequer bills issued under an act of the 39–40 of George III . were ordered to be referred to the Committee of Supply . The house resolved itself into a committee . Previous to the first resolution being put , that a sum not exceeding 3 millions he granted to his majesty , for paying off exchequer bills , made several observations on the subject . He said that the Bank of England , with that liberality which distinguished all their proceedings , had expressed their willingness to extend the accommodation , on condition of receiving only 3 per cent . instead of 5 , to which they were entitled . It was nevertheless necassary , as a point of form , to vote the present resolution . so far from thinking the conduct of the bank liberal , thought that nothing could be more illiberal . The bank lent this 3 millions to government for 6 years , without interest , as the price of their charter , which had been granted to them on terms which iii his opinion ought not to have been allowed . They now came and offered it at 3 per cent . and then talked of their great liberality , when it was well known that , owing to the restriction on the issuing of specie , and the substitution of bank-notes , they had not only not lost sixpence by this loan , but had been enabled to make very extraordinary profits , of which , indeed , they had boasted , and