any any minister but with the consent of parliament . He certainly never expected to have such a subversion of the royal prerogative attempted . If a motion of this kind were to be carried , the constitution could not exist for six months after it . He therefore hoped that their lordships would never allow it to find a place on their journals . It was worthy of remark , that the noble and learned lord , whose situation had given rise to this discussion , had been himself called upon to advise his majesty , through the means of persons who now supported this motion . After having advised his majesty to make him lord chief justice of the court of King 's Bench , they advised that he should be called to a seat in that house , the great council of the nation . The patent by which he was so called stated expressly , that he was to advise his majesty on the arduous concerns of his reign , and the great dangers thereon impending . He had no difficulty in declaring the motives which induced him to advise his majesty to call the noble and learned lord to his councils . He knew him be a man possessing a great mind , and whose services the situation of the country demanded ; he knew him to be a man of a firm mind , such as the times required . He knew him to be a man of the greatest purity and integrity , and therefore calculated to do credit to the government , Instead of entertaining an opinion similar to that of the noble lord ( Mulgrave ) he thought that no better proof could be of forded of the determination of his majesty 's ministers to act according to the laws of the land , than placing in the Cabinet a man deeply versed in those laws , and who could have no temptation from the expectation of any emolument . His lord . ship declared , that he therefore should not repent of having given a written advice to his majesty to call the noble and learned lord to his councils . He was also convinced that the noble lord himself would not repent his having taken on himself a laborious occupation , when his efforts were to be directed to the great purpose of rescuing his country from a situation of great difficulty and peril . Under these circum- 283 stances he was confident that nothing but good could result from the advice which he had thought it his duty to give to his majesty . left the woolsack and spoke against the motion . He thought it could not be attended with any solid good . His majesty had been pleased to call the noble and learned lord to the most honourable situation ; and from his long knowledge of the character , conduct , and capacity of his noble and learned friend . who was a sound constitutional lawyer , no man was better entitled to the honours bestowed on him in his various appointments of chief justice . privy counsellor , and member of the Cabinet . If those who differed from him on the occasion , persisted in their opposition , the burthen lay upon them to prove that his last appointment was either illegal or unconstitutional . The appointment now challenged had been known as the practice of the antient constitution . Why should his majesty be prevented from the free exercise of his prerogative , in calling to his councils or his Cabinet any man in whose abilities he reposed particular confidence ? But not to call into his majesty 's Cabinet or councils a nobleman whose knowledge of the law of the land , and of the constitution of the country , was in every degree fully admitted , would be an absurd infringement of his majesty 's prerogative . The motion should have his decided negative , for he would never lightly consent to alter any part of the ancient constitution of this country . The scenes which had been exhibited on