lead the Cabinet . If his advice should he acceded to , he would come to the trial without any bias ; if his opi- 294 nion should be rejected , he would not be the less influenced by it , and would exercise his function under the obligation of his oath ; so that in either case it would come to the same thing . The hon . gent . had adverted to the case in which the chief justice would come to the trial as a party , as in the case of a libel against the ministers , of which he was one . Every man who knew any thing about the administration of justice , knew , that in trials for libel , little was left to the judge ; whilst the whole was decided by the jury . The judge stated the law ; and if he mistated that , or otherwise injured the party , he had his remedy , in an application for a new trial to the court . In cases where libels happened to be under consideration of the Cabinet , a judge need not attend , or , if he wished not to preside at the trial , he might apply to have another sent , and the commission— ( hear ! hear ! ) He was aware of the use that would be made of this observation , that of inconvenience ; but he contended that no such consequence would attend the practice . He hoped , therefore , that no argument would be founded on that ground . As to the supposition of the incompatibility of the two offices , from the circumstance of the possibility of suspicion being entertained with respect to the administration of justice , the hon . gent . stated the suspicion in the first resolution , but gave it up in the last , where he admitted the purity . If the purity of the administration of justice were doubted , then there might be ground for suspicion ; but when that is admitted , the administration of justice must be satisfactory . A man should act in the strict line of his duty . If he was to avoid a duty for the purpose of evading suspicion , he could never act right . But he would ask , if the existence of suspicion , or if even well-founded suspicion were to be made the ground of a motion for removing the noble lord from his majesty 's Cabinet , whether the hon . gent . would go farther ? Whether he would move to have the noble lord struck out of the list of privy counsellors ? off the list of peers ? Did not the same suspicion apply in an equal degree to both these cases ? All judges were summoned to examine prisoners with the privy council and Cabinet ministers conjointly . The cabinet discussed measures in the abstract . Chief justice Holt attended the examination of the rebels who were afterwards to be tried 295 by him ; and chief justice Eyre attended for the same purpose in the privy council , in a recent instance , and afterwards proceeded on the trial of the individuals there examined . Was it possible for a noble lord of such eminent and transcendent talents as the noble lord ; was it possible for any man that was a statesman , and that noble lord was a great statesman , if he saw a party formed to thwart and embarrass the measures of government , not to take a part on such an occasion ? If the gentlemen were serious , they had not reached half way towards their end . What was the end the gentlemen proposed ? What was the object of their record ? What the end of their innovation ? ( hear ! hear ! ) He repeated that it was an innovation . It had not been stated either in the speech of the hon . gent. , or in the resolutions , that the appointment was unconstitutional , illegal , or unprecedented . It was