by his majesty 's more immediate advisers , should be made an habitual or constant member of the committee of the privy council , which he had considered the cabinet to be ; more especially when the person who filled that exalted station was , in the present case , a man from whose vigour of intellect , from whose extent of capacity , and from whose comprehension and depth of knowledge , the administration of his majesty 's government was sure to receive the uniform assistance of such various lights . When he was honoured with his majesty 's orders to form an administration , he anxiously looked out for such distinguished Characters ; and , it any exception was made to the advice he presumed to offer to his majesty on that very important business , he held himself responsible for any error or mischief with which it might be deemed chargeable . With regard to the appointment being unconstitutional and unprecedented , he should now only observe , that he believed it had the sanction of the example of lord Hardwicke , and certain he was it had the sanction of the example of lord Mansfield . The more such a question was discussed , the less , he trusted , it would be found liable to the objections insinuated by the noble earl . could not help thinking the appointment highly objectionable , notwithstanding the explanation of the noble lord . To him it appeared repugnant to the constitution , and incompatible with the due administration of justice ; and , on these grounds , he should certainly submit it to the consideration of the house on Monday next ; for which day it was ordered that their lordships be summoned to attend . went over some of his former arguments against this bill , comparing it with the indemnity bill brought into the house in the year 1742 , and observing , that such a bill having now been introduced , it was essential , in his opinion , that their lordships should ascertain what had been done 180 in similar cases or former occasions . He therefore moved for the appointment of a committee to search for precedents respecting bills to enable witnesses , in cases of accusation , to give evidence at the bar of the house , by indemnifying them from criminal prosecutions or civil suits , or either of them . said , he did not wish to oppose the motion of the noble and learned lord , but he was convinced that on the search being made , which the noble and learned lord desired , it would be found that the present bill was not by any means , as the noble and learned lord would have it understood , a fac-simile of that introduced in 1742 ; but , on the contrary , wholly dissimilar . He could not help , at the same time , thinking it unfair to argue the bill at the present moment , when it was not regularly before the house . in explanation , contended , that he had never said that the present bill was a fac-simile of that of 1742 ; but that they must both be argued on the same principle.—The motion for a committee to search for precedents was agreed to . Lord Temple , lord W. Russell , lord Ossulston , lord R. Spencer , lord Morpeth , Mr. Windham , Mr. Calcraft , and Mr. Erskine , took the oaths and their seats.—Mr . Whitbread moved , that lord Temple , lord R. Spencer , and Mr. Calcraft , be added to the committee appointed to prepare articles of impeachment against lord viscount Melville . Ordered.—On the motion of Mr. Calcraft , the following new writs were ordered to be issued , viz . for the borough of Inniskillen , in the room of sir W. Burroughs , who , since his election , had accepted the office of one of the judges in the supreme court , at Bengal ; for the borough of Plymouth , in the room , of P. Langmead , esq