their allowances infinitely above what they ought to be , though much below what they now are . Now , upon this plan of refusing pay to the Volunteers , leaving them at the same time some privileges , I am aware , that the effect will he a very considerable reduction of that force . I do not wish to do this suddenly , till some other force can be provided in its stead ; but , the reduction of the Volunteers is not like the reduction of a regular regiment . When you reduce a regular regiment , it is annihilated ; but when you reduce a Volunteer Corps , you have the men on the spot still , and however valuable they may be , that value is not reduced . But at the same time , out of regard to the public feeling , and to other circumstances , it may not be desirable to reduce these corps suddenly , but this , however , is not to prevent the reduction of the great expence in maintaining them . For if these expences were to continue , they would rise much higher than they have hitherto done , because the subscription funds are gone , and the corps must lean more and more on the government , as is generally the case when government enters into partnership with any private bodies or individuals . Government must at last be at the whole expence , because their funds were not , perhaps , regarded by the Volunteers themselves as a permanent resource ; and if the Volunteers were to continue as they are at present , the expence of the next 3 years and a half would be double what it was in the former period . Now , looking to this situation of the Volunteers , that they should be liable to serve at their own expence , and that the rest of the people should be loosely trained , the lessening of the expence may be the means of the reduction of the Volunteers , and putting things on the footing on which I wish to see them placed . Why , then , this brings us to the question of training ; and once indeed such a system of volunteering as I propose , and the training of the mass of the population , might have gone on side by side ; but since the present system has been established , the training can not be voluntarily conducted , and the only alternative is to have recourse to compulsion . All , therefore , that can be done in this case is 683 to make the compulsion as light as possible . ( A cry of hear ! hear ! ) The gentlemen on the other side may cry hear ! hear ! but they may be assured that I do not like this one jot the better for coming from their shop . While they were on the treasury side of the house , they may remember how many compulsory acts they passed , how the whole smithry was at work , how they laboured about the armour of Mars like a set of Cyclops , more blind than their one-eyed brethren , till they locked the country in armour , so cumbrous and clumsy that it was unable to stir hand or foot— `` For never did the Cyclops ' hammers fall , On Mars 's armour , forg 'd for proof eterne , With greater force . '' I can assure the gentlemen , that my fetters shall not be like theirs . It is one of the advantages of my plan , that it can be easily got rid of . The compulsion that I propose , goes merely to the point of training , and that at their own homes , and only for the space of one year ; and the discipline necessary to enforce this training , shall be made as mild and as voluntary as possible . It may be said , that I here follow the steps of the right hon . gent . over