for those services might be returned or voted to some other purpose . The only alteration in the present estimate , from that which was formed by the late board of ordnance , was an article against which the sum of 12,000l . was written ; and comparing the same estimate for several preceding years , it had been found , on inspection , that the laboratory at Woolwich had annually exceeded 25,000l . It had been thought therefore , that , contrary to the former practice , the fairest way was to bring forward that specific sum in the esti- 459 mates at once as necessary for that purpose . With regard to the removal of the depot from Woolwich , which the hon . member seemed to advise , he confessed that it was not for him to decide on such a question . It was a military question of no inconsiderable magnitude , and would require deliberation . But this was not the only military depot in the country : there was also another arsenal , situated nearly in the center of the kingdom , arid for which a sum had been charged in the estimates ; he meant the arsenal at Wedenbeck ; which , as would appear from the estimates , had not been overlooked by the board . The hon . gent . concluded by repeating the reasons which had induced the present board to adopt the estimates of the former , which was a circumstance , he thought , that might have secured them from opposition . said he did not mean to blame the present board , for adopting the estimates left them by the former . It had been his intention only to inculcate the necessity of establishing inland depots , for the security and accommodation of the country in case of invasion . The arsenal at Wedenbeck , he represented as very defective state , not a single cannon having been provided for the security of these places . said , he rose from no intention to oppose the estimates now before the house , as they were the same that had been framed by his hon . friends formerly in office . He was anxious to know , however , if the present administration had it in contemplation to follow up that system of coast defence upon the Eastern coast , which had been so strongly recommended by his late right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) , and which it was his intention to have completed . He felt it necessary to mention this , as although it did not form an article in the estimates of ordnance framed by the late administration , and now - brought forward by the hon . gent . yet it was fully in their contemplation as an essential part of the defensive system , and would certainly have been proposed , had his right hon . friend , on his return from Bath , been able to attend in his place in that house ; for , in his opinion , there was no object more essential ; because in presenting a strong defence on that point , should the enemy approach our coast , seeing the impracticability of making any impression in that quarter , their efforts would be thrown upon the flanks , in consequence 460 of which they would be forced to traverse a considerable distance by sea , in endeavouring to direct their efforts to the northward or southward . In this case there would be great probability of their falling in with the heavy ships of our navy , and being totally defeated . He felt this point so important , that he wished seriously to impress it upon the minds of his majesty 's ministers , and to express his hope that no attention to a false or delusive economy would induce them to be sparing in the expenditure necessary for our absolute safety . Indeed , from what he knew of the mind of the noble lord at the head of that department , he was convinced the importance of this consideration would