should sincerely regret it , and , among others , for the reasons stated by the last speaker . But it was urged , he understood , by the right hon . mover of this bill , whose speech he had not the good fortune to hear , that doubts existed with respect to the interpretation of the law upon the , subject of treating , and that therefore a declaratory law was necessary . Of the existence of such doubts , he was not at all aware . In the Worcester case , alluded to by the right hon . gent. , the argument of council was evidently mistaken for the decision of the committee . The fact was , that subsequent to that decision , a bill was brought in , as it professed , to remove doubts as to the treating act . That bill found its way into the house of lords , where it was strongly reprobated by lord Mansfield , who very properly observed , that the multiplication of statutes , instead of adding to the strength of the law , served to impair and weaken it . Such a remark was always entitled to consideration , but particularly 507 where , as in this case , there was no ground of necessity . To prove the necessity , however , some endeavours had been used , by referring to cases of doubt . Among those cases Ipswich and Barnstaple had been referred to . Now the fact was , that in the former case , the subject had not been at all gone into , the election having been declared void on other grounds ; and as to Barn-staple , the only appearance of doubt in the construction of the law was by the petitioners , who stated , that if their opponent had advanced money , merely for the travelling expences of voters , they should not press the committee to come to any decision upon that point . Such a statement , however , could avail nothing in arguing the question before the house . These petitioners might have declined to enter into discussion , as to travelling charges , having probably defrayed the same charges on their own side . But their motive was of little consequence . The question was , whether their misconstruction of the law should be taken as a proof that any doubts existed as to the fair interpretation of that law ; whether the mistakes of a few men as to the meaning of a law , should be admitted as evidence that the law was doubtful , and that a declaratory act was necessary , as was pretended in the case before the house ? Whereas , in reality , no doubt existed upon this subject . The last decision upon the Herefordshire case was quite conclusive as to treating . The committee there had before them the proof of travelling charges having been paid by the candidate ; but their determination was grounded distinctly upon this , that tickets had been given to the voters for meat and drink , and this it was which they pronounced to be within the meaning of the treating act . Of course upon that ground the candidate was disqualified . So far as to the decisions of committees with regard to this law . Now , as to the proceedings in the courts respecting it , there were but a few cases . From the actions however , which were brought by inn-keepers against candidates , for the expences incurred at elections , contrary to the treating act , it appeared that such actions could not be maintained . In the action brought against two members of that house , Messrs. Francis and Moore , lord Kenyon did not , to be sure , direct a nonsuit , because , very properly as a judge of nisi prius , perceiving a look of equity in the claim , he referred it ; at the same time pronouncing an agreement which appeared to have been entered into 508 by one of the candidates to indemnify the other