interest of 6l . 16s . 6. though the sinking fund had been in operation long before that time . The sinking fund added 1 per cent . to the capital of the debt ; .but it had not then the effect the hon . gent . imputed to it , of keeping the stocks . at 60 . That public benefit was therefore to be imputed , in a great measure , to the system of raising so much of the supplies within the . year.—with respect to the supposition that the interest on exchequer bills was not made productive to the property tax , he had to observe , that above half the outstanding exchequer bills were held by the 615 bank , much to the public advantage , and of course did not escape the tax . The statement of an arrear of 5,800,000l . remaining from the last year had made an impression , as if the Ways and Means voted for that year had fallen unaccountably short , or the expences had far , exceeded the estimates ; as if his late right hon . friend had shrunk from his duty , either in concealing the extent and amount of the services , or in exaggerating the probable produce of the public income . The deficiency in the land and malt was a regular and annual thing ever since the land and malt duty had been voted ; therefore it was not to be charged as an unaccountable arrear in the estimates of the last year . The extra charge for ordnance was also an annual thing ; the deficiency under this head in the last year , though so much as 561,000l. , was short of the average deficiency . The amount of this deficiency in the preceding year was 693,000l . It was probable a deficiency to the same extent would occur at the close of this year , and the noble lord would do well to prepare himself to expect it . It would have been more correct , to have stated the charges which had been inaccurately , he was sure not invidiously , described as arrears , rather as extraordinary charges , not likely to occur again . Such was the million to the East-India Company : such the provision for lord Nelson 's family , an instance similar to which had occurred but once in the last century ; such was the remuneration for the loss of the ship taken in the battle of Trafalgar , in which every one would readily concur.—Next , as to the subsidy . The statement of the noble lord , in speaking of the million required by him for this head of service , gave it to be understood , that the 3,500,000l voted for the service , had been previously expended . The fact was , however , that there was on the 5th of Jan. last , 1,080,000l of this sum in the exchequer , 500,000l untouched at Malta , and 200,000l at Hamburgh . And though 1,000,000l of what was in the exchequer had been since appropriated to navy services in the earl part of this year , it was not right to demand a fresh million without an explanation , as if the original grant had been expended under its proper head in the last year . The only case in which it could be charged , was the falling off of the consolidated fund . But it was probable , from the receipts of this quarter , that the surplus of 4,000,000l would be realized , The lat- 616 ter , which had been calculated at 300,000l . had produced 380,000l It would tend much to give a fair view of the grants and expenditure of each year , if the accounts of both were made up to the same period , and the balances on hand carried to the credit of the next year , and the outstanding demands to the charge . At present the year of service ended on the 5th of Jan , and the year of receipt on the 5th of April following