. It had been said , that the whole of the last year 's military establishment had been voted in February . 526 He admitted that to be the cases but a temporary vote would not justify permanent Ways and Means calculated on an indefinite augmentation of that establishment . For these reasons , he thought the subject worthy the consideration of the house . He did not urge the matter with any view to throw an impediment in the way of the measures of government ; on the contrary , he should be happy to assist the noble lord to the utmost of his ability . said , it was his only wish to put the house fully in possession of the objects of public expense , and the Ways and Means by which he proposed to meet them ; and to give the house an opportunity of fully considering them before he should call for their final decision , that he should propose only a part of the Ways and Means in the first instance . begged leave to remark an inconvenience that would arise from not bringing forward the whole of the Ways and Means of the year at once . According to the late practice , the contractors for a loan were given to understand , that the loan contracted for , was all that would be wanted for the year . That could not be the case , if a ; part of the Ways and Means were to be subsequently provided . observed that this objection would not apply , if the contractors themselves should think it proper to form their engagements on the communications made to them by his majesty 's ministers . A message from the lords communicated to the house the answer of lord Melville , to a further Article of Impeachment , being the 10th , exhibited against him by the commons of the united kingdom . On the motion of Mr. Whitbread , this answer was ordered to be read . The answer stated , `` that the noble lord protested against being bound by the law of parliament when called upon to answer to the charge , under circumstances for which there was no precedent ; but that , nevertheless , conscious of his innocence , and confident in the justice of his cause , he makes this answer , saving his right of taking , exceptions , and also saving all the rights and privileges that belong to a peer of parliament . He declares for his answer , that he is in no wise guilty of the crimes and misdemeanours , in manner and form as charged against him by the commons of the united kingdom , and this he affirms himself ready to prove , at such time and place , as to that hon . house 527 seem meet : he therefore prays to be discharged and acquitted of those crimes and misdemeanours so falsely urged against him . '' This answer was , on the motion of Mr. Whitbread , referred to the Committee of Impeachment , to consider thereof , and to report their opinion thereon to the house what was most proper to be done in order to further proceedings . then withdrew to the bar , and brought up the report of the Committee on the answer of lord Melville in the form of a replication , averring that lord Melville was guilty of the crimes and misdemeanours charged upon him by that house , on behalf of themselves and of all the commons of the united kingdom , which they were ready to prove . The replication was agreed to , ordered to be engrossed , and then to be carried by Mr. Whitbread to the lords , as the replication of the commons : Mr. Whitbread then gave notice , that at a proper time he should move , that the house do attend the trial as a committee of the whole house . moved the order of the day for the house to resolve into a committee on the bill for the better regulation of the office