Cornwallis with that of his predecessor , and make up their minds on the subject . As for his part , he felt that the empire was indebted to the marquis Wellesley for so much of his system as established our military reputation and ascendancy in India , but he highly disapproved of the lengths to which that system was afterwards pushed , when , under pretence of defensive war , all the native powers of India were forced to receive British garrisons , and were kept in greater subjection in their own capitals , than the kings of Whirtemburgh and Bavaria are at this moment by the emperor of France . Under vague pretences , a great 381 part of the territory of our ally , the nabob of Oude , was wrested from him , and the possessions of the nabob of Arcot were seized under the pretence of treason , said to have been committed by that prince almost under the eyes of lord Cornwallis . Highly as he disapproved of that part of lord Wellesley 's system , be by no means meant to bring any charge against him on that account , as he could not impute to him any improper motives . He only considered that his lordship was possessed of too ardent a mind , and views of too great ambition . He hoped the house would recur to their former resolution , and that that would be for the future the established system of Indian government . Under the former system , a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) had often expatiated on advantages that were to result from it , but which promises were never realized ; whereas , on the other side , it appeared that the real situation of our affairs in India has become so distressed , that 200,000l . have been stopped from the treasure destined for China , and 50,000l . borrowed from the government of Madras to help to defray the arrears of pay to a number of irregular troops , which are kept up at an expence of 60,000l . per month , and whose support is stated to be much more injurious to the company than their hostility in the field could possibly be . The hon . gent . then took a review of the various treaties entered into by the marquis Wellesley , with the native powers , most of which he thought highly impolitic . A very short time after the treaty with the rajah of Bhurtpore , that prince admitted our enemies into his fortresses , and the British army lost above 3000 men in vainly endeavouring to take his capital . The treaty with Scindia he equally disapproved of . Some disputes had arisen about the construction of some of the articles of that treaty , and Scindia immediately seized and imprisoned the British resident in his dominions , which was the occasion of the present war in India . He thought it was full time for parliament to lay down sonic fixed principle , and he hoped the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) would consent to the papers he now moved for , and would pursue , in practice , those principles which he had so often professed on Indian affairs . He thought it necessary , that the government should now declare the precise plan , on which they meant that India should be governed in future . The hon . gent . concluded by moving for `` copies of letters from lord 382 Cornwallis to the court of directors and select committee , dated 1st Aug. 1805 , and to the court of directors , dated 9th Aug. : 2 . Copy of a letter from sir George Barlow to the chairman , dated 6th Oct. : and copies of letters from lord Cornwallis to Scindia and lord Lake , dated 18th and 19th Sept. , and enclosed in sir George Barlow 's letter : 3 . Copy of a letter from sir George Barlow , dated 23d Oct. '' said , that he had no intention whatever to object to the