evidence which should be given , should not , upon any pretence , be produced against him in any criminal prosecution , & c. The noble earl then presented his bill , which he moved should be now read a first time . observed , he should not oppose the first reading of the bill , such a proceeding not being customary in that house . He would , however , say , such a bill would require a great deal of consideration ; and possibly it should necessarily undergo a great deal of alteration , before their lordships could , with propriety , agree to it . With respect to what had been stated by some of the learned Judges , in one point of view , he would declare , upon his professional word of honour , until he heard the note read from Mr. Peake 's book , though he had lived thirty years in the profession , and officiated in different departments , where he had to institute examinations as to every point of law , he could declare he never heard the right of such a privilege contended for ; and he believed a noble lord , now in that house , though there never lived a man who had more extensive practice at common law , never heard such an objection . He would not refer to what might occur to particular Judges , on particular circuits ; but in Westminster-hall , where all the Judges were assembled , from all the circuits , he had never heard such an objection started . The practice on one of the western circuits 247 had been adverted to ; he should , however , as a north-country man , never wish to see , in that respect , the northern circuits assimilated to the western . His own opinion , upon the point in question , was well known . At present , however , the matter which occasioned such a difference of official opinion , should be prudently and wisely set at rest : they were not , because they perceived the impending mischief , to decide too hastily , with respect to the mode of remedying the evil . The principle held forth was , that an individual was never to be called upon for what would directly , or circuitously , put him in hazard : to obviate that by a bill , which said , that an individual should make discoveries , and then that nothing of these should he brought against him , would be expecting too much ; as in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred , through the intervention of a third person , or some other means , the witness may be got at , through the medium of such discoveries ; at the same time , he felt it of the utmost importance , that care should be taken , that their fellow subjects should understand their real situation in that respect . left the woolsack . He felt it his duty to communicate his sentiments on a subject of so much consequence to the proceedings in courts of law . He had been for seven-and-twenty years engaged in the duties of a laborious profession , and while he was so employed , he had the opportunity of a more extensive experience in the courts , than any other individual of his time . It was true , that in the profession there had been , and there now were , men of much more learning and ability , than he would even pretend to ; but success in life often depended more upon accident , and certain physical advantages , than upon the most brilliant talents and profound erudition . It was very singular , that , during these twenty-seven years , he had not for a single day been prevented in his attendance on the courts by any indisposition , or corporeal infirmity . Within much the greater part of this period , he had been honoured by a gown of precedency , and in consequence of this privilege , had not only been engaged