. hon . gent . for a failure more complete , a more ridiculous contrast of big promises with inadequate results , surely was never presented to the world . But I restrain myself . My rt . hon . friend , while he agreed with the rt . hon . gent , as to the advantage of a large disposable force , never was infatuated , like him , to the degree of thinking that a hug unbalanced regular army , carried to an unlimited amount , was more necessary to our safety and power , than consistent with the spirit of our constitution . He felt it no reproach , that after all one exertion we were not yet , nor were likely to be , the first military power in the world He knew well , that being the first naval power , and founding on that distinction our claim to the first 1000 rank among nations ; that being the first commercial , the first manufacturing and one of the first agricultural countries in the world , it was not to be wondered at , that with a population comparatively so limited as our 's we were not also a military power , to the same extent with the great military powers of the Continent . But he felt that it would have been a reproach to us as a nation , that it would have been a reproach to every class of the community , if it could have been imputed to us , that while the limits of cur population , and the diversity of our pursuits and occupations necessarily prevented the raising and maintaining a regular army on the same scale as the great powers of the Continent ; if those same causes had prevented us from providing effectually for the defence of the country ; and providing for it is such exertions as should at the same time render disposable , in a great degree , whatever regular force it is in our power or our policy to raise . With these sentiments he cherished , and would have continued to cherish and uphold , all those institutions which either springing voluntarily of the bosom of the country , or produced by a mild and understood process of necessary compulsion , ( a compulsion , Mitigated to the utmost degree that is compatible with the attainment of the object ) form an efficient resource for the internal defence of the kingdom ; and at the same time , retain some sympathy with the habits and feelings of civil life . And he would , I ant confident , his opposed a project for destroying or disheartening and discountenancing all those institutions ) and relying exclusively on the army of the ere n.—The rt . hon . gent . proceeds on a different principle . He thinks we can never have regular army enough . He thinks we need have nothing but regular army or if he admits , willingly , into his plan tiny ether species of force , it is only as subsidiary to the regular army . He looks for that subsidiary force , not in the voluntary exertions of the higher and middling classes of society , but in the compulsory training of the lower ; he would disarm the property of the country , rind train the rabble . much as his object is , I do not think his plan is adequate to effect it . The first question to be decided is , whether his plan will produce an army at all : and the second , whether if it does , it would be such an army as the House could regard without jealousy . I think the rt . hon . gent . has not established either point satisfactorily I think he has not shown that be can 1001 keep up force enough of the only description which he professes to think worth having . And I think that that description of force , however valuable , is not that to which alone , unbalanced , uncontrouled , the country can safely be entrusted.—Sir