who would otherwise be unemployed . observed , that the question as to what might or might not be politic or expedient , with respect to the trade to our West-India islands in time of peace , was wholly foreign to the question now before the house . Whatever opinion might be entertained on the former point , is was clear that in time of war , a necessity existed for allowing the Americans to supply our West-India islands with provisions ; at all events , he was not disposed to hazard a speculation of confining the source of supply of British vessels , when the subsistence of near a million of persons inhabiting a most important part of the British empire was at stake . He suggested that it would be most expedient to adopt a legislative regulation , which might be done by a clause in the present bill , authorising his majesty in council , to direct his majesty 's governors in the West Indies to issue proclamations from time to time , each proclamation to be in force for six months , allowing the importation of provisions and lumber in American vessels . He was decidedly of opinion that some legislative regulation ought to be enacted upon the subject and that the system of continually violating the law and passing bills of indemnity , ought not to be continued . in farther explanation , 597 observed , a clause may easily be introduced in the committee , to the effect intimated by his noble friend ; and in consequence of an observation of the Duke of Montrose , said it was his intention to propose to have the bill printed.- ? The bill was then read a first time , and ordered to be printed . took the oaths and his seat for the city of Waterford.—Mr . Matthews presented a petition from the debtors confined in the county gaol of Waterford praying for relief.—The 20 million loan bill was read a first time . —Mr . Hawthorne brought up the report of the British fishery continuation bill , which was agreed to . —Mr . Hawthorne brought up also the report of the Irish Treasury Bills bill , which was agreed to . —Mr . Brooke , after stating the object of a motion of which he had given notice , for the protection of our colonial produce , by increasing the consumption of Rums , instead of foreign brandies , in the royal navy , and having stated that the consumption of foreign brandy in the navy last year was 625,000 gallons , whereas that of rum was only 220,000 , and that this difference was owing , in a great measure , to the manner the duties are now levied ; said , that he had so much confidence in the present administration , and in the assurance he had received that the suggestion he had made would be attended to , that he thought it unnecessary to press the motion of which he had given notice , —The motion was consequently withdrawn . said , that the motion which he then rose to make , was one in which humanity and sound policy were united . It was to prevent so much of the trade as concerned the importation of African negroes by British ships into the colonies conquered or ceded to us in the war , or into the colonies of any neutral state in the West Indies . At present every state that had colonies in America , or the West Indies , and that were not actually at war with us , availed itself of the opportunity of British shipping to carry on the trade . Even in time of war , our enemies were also supplied with negroes for their colonies by British subjects and by British capital , although in a more indirect manner . The Danish islands of St. Croix and St. 598 Thomas formed depôts in the West Indies , from which our enemies could be supplied with as many negroes as they wanted , and which were now brought there principally by British subjects