immediate visit , and was astonished to find it was for the purpose of being presented by the Nabob with a sum of money adequate to 30,000l . with proportionate tenders to the officers of his suite . Lord Macartney expressed much astonishment , and declined accepting the money , at the same time wishing to know the motives that induced such an offer : he was told by the Nabob , that it was quite a customary present to every new governor ; had never been before refused ; that there was no violation of propriety whatever in accepting it ; and the offer was repeated , with a pressing request to take it , as it was considered a proper compliment to the head of the British Government , whom , ever since the taking of Pondicherry , he considered as his protector against the French . Lord Macartney , however , still persisted in his refusal , assuring the Nabob , at the same time , of his determination to render him every service and 762 protection in his power , as earnestly as if he had accepted his present . But what was the result of this generous , upright , and exemplary integrity and independence of that noble lord to himself ? Why , that his conduct was every where reprobated and reviled by the servants of the Company , and every pains taken to slander , misrepresent , and vilify him , for venturing such an innovation upon the system they had so long established ; and lord Macartney resigned a government which he felt untenable , consistently with the feelings of a man of honour . Had the hon . gent . heartily approved the system of investigation so earnestly recommended by the hon . mover , and observed , that , though it might visit with compunctious feelings the bosoms and apprehensions of some men , who had , by a corrupt abuse of their mission in India , amassed rapidly enormous fortunes , those who had made an honourable and upright use of their authority there , had no terrors to meet , no qualms to be excited by the most scrutinous investigation : `` Let the galled jades wince ; their withers were unwrung . '' said , he had not the slightest disposition to oppose the motion of the hon . gent . ; on the contrary , he wished to grant him the papers he required . He was very glad to observe , that the hon . gent. , notwithstanding the declaration he had a short time since made , that he would decline all farther interference with India questions , seemed of late rather disposed to promote investigation into India affairs . He rejoiced at the circumstance ; because , from the hon . gent . 's great knowledge and extensive experience upon India subjects , he was certainly competent to throw very important lights upon such subjects , and bring them home with more effect to the attention of the house and the public ; which might have the good effect of rendering the servants of the company in India less lax in their duties . But his purpose for rising now was , to set the hon , member right in his conception of the bill , the true objects of which he seemed wholly to misapprehend . His hon . friend had not brought forward his bill with the precipitancy imputed to him , but had given fair notice of every proceeding with respect to it ; and to his certain knowledge , the report upon which the bill was founded was delivered to members at their residence on the Friday before the bill was introduced . The bill was not a call on parliament to sanction 763 the claims of the creditors of the Nabob of the Carnatic , nor to appoint any commissioners : those commissioners had been already appointed between the parties at issue , namely , the directors and the claiming creditors ; and the commissioners , with an earnest view to the strict ends of justice , had