country 's cause , and who must he sorely afflicted by the idea that his death would leave his family with a very limited provision . Parliament , the hon . member had no doubt , would be happy and prompt to release the feelings of that noble lord from such an afflicting prospect . felt the utmost satisfaction in acceding to the proposition of the noble lord , and he had riot the least doubt that the object to which it referred would meet with the fullest attention from his majesty 's present ministers . They would of course not fail to take care that the family of an officer who deserved so well of his country should not be left without an adequate provision ; and with that view it would certainly be necessary to provide , that , in failure of male issue , the proposed annuity should devolve on the other branches of the noble lord 's family . observed , that it was no affair of his to consider with what the annuity mentioned in the bill originated ; but it was to him an object of the most serious solicitude , that such merit as that of lord Collingwood should not go unrewarded , or that the family of such a man should not be left unprovided for . That the latter was likely to be the case , if the house should not reconsider the bill under discussion , he very much feared was but too true.—The motion was then put and agreed to . The royal assent was given , by commission , to the malt tax , and place and pension duty bills , and to the bill for naturalizing John de Rickholme.—Mr . Whitbread brought up from the commons a bill to indemnify all persons serving under Henry lord Melville , while treasurer of his majesty 's navy , from and against all civil processes , to which they may be liable in consequence of the evidence they may give in the case of the impeachment pending against the said lord Melville.—Lord Holland moved the first reading of the bill ; which being done accordingly , his lordship moved , that the said bill be printed . was sworn , and took his seat , on his election to represent the university of Cambridge.—Mr . Johnson from the office of chief secretary for Ireland , presented a return of the sums received and disbursed by the commissioners of accounts for Ireland in the year ending 5th Jan. 1806 . As also several other papers ; among which were certain returns from the county magistrates . 166 This last was ordered to be printed , on the motion of sir J. Newport , who stated that it was very material to the people of Ireland , that the information it contained should be as fully as possible before the house.—Mr . J. Fitzgerald obtained leave to bring in a bill to facilitate the division of lands subject to ascertained right of common in Ireland.—On the motion of Mr. J. Fitzgerald , it was ordered , that there be laid before the house , copies of the certificates of the lord chief justice of the king 's bench , the chief justice of the court of common pleas , and the master of the rolls , in Ireland , as to the amount of the fees of the different offices held by patent in their respective departments.—The bill for indemnifying from civil suits certain persons giving evidence against lord Melville , was read a third time and passed.—Mr . Paull moved , `` that a return of the specie and bullion exported by the hon . the directors of the East-India company to the several presidencies in India , from 1793 , to Sept. last , be laid before the house . '' Before the question was put , Mr. Vansittart said he must appeal to the hon . gent 's candour , to postpone his motion for the present , as a right hon . friend of his , not now in the house , but who would be there in