that annual accounts should be laid before the house of an appropriation of a surplus . The hon . gent . seemed to be in a mistake throughout the whole of his speech , in only considering the surplus of territorial revenue , instead of the net proceeds arising from the commercial transactions of the East-India company , combined with their territorial revenue . The guarantee fund which he mentioned , was only to be created after the debt should be 199 duced to two millions.—As to the super-intendance of the board of controul , the noble lord said , it had in fact been confined , as the law directed , to the civil and military government and revenues of India . As to the commercial interests and concerns of the company , and their exclusive right to conduct their trade , and to instruct their presidencies concerning the provision of their investment , and on every subject connected with this part of their charter , the court of directors had been left to their own unbiassed discretion ; and the board of controul had never interfered with them , much less had it ever thrown any impediment or embarrassment in their way.—In the present state of the finances of the East-India company , it must be recollected , that the last two or three years , and since the commencement of the Mahratta war , have been the times of the severest pressure . Up to the month of April 1803 , he had frequently stated to the house , that the financial situation of India was a situation of great prosperity , affluence , and abundance , and such as justified the expectation which had been so long entertained of this country participating in the prosperity of the company . He should not speak either of what might be the financial pressure at the present moment , nor of the means that the company had of surmounting this pressure ; but he thought it would be impossible for gentlemen to form a right judgment of the present state of Indian affairs , until the accounts of the years 1803 and 1804 were before the house . He concluded by asserting that , if it had not been that the subsequent expences of the war had disturbed unexpectedly the prosperity which prevailed in 1803 , the statements he had made would have been realized . could not think with the hon . mover , that the sun of Britain had set at the death of the marquis Cornwallis . He did not despond so . Men of talent could always be found for the service of the country . This led him to suggest to his majesty 's ministers , whether something ought not to be done for admiral Cornwallis , the brother of that great man , who had distinguished himself so much by his blockade of the enemy in Brest . the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) in the latter part of his speech , has chosen to advise the hon . gent . who made this motion , to confine his enquiries about the finances of the East- 200 India company to the period of the two last years ; and he says , that it will be best for his own purpose to do so . I do not know what purpose the noble lord imputes to the hon . gent. , but I know with what view I shall support the motion he has made . 1 wish the whole state of the affairs of the company to be fully and completely examined , and the true condition of them to be made known to the house and to the country ; and , for this reason , I hope the hon . gent . will not follow the advice of the noble lord , but will persevere in his intention of enquiring into the management of these affairs during the whole period of the existence of their charter.—Sir , the noble lord has further imputed to the hon . gent . a careless and negligent perusal of the act by which this