read a first time.—On the motion of the secretary at war , the Foreign Soldiers ' bill went through a committee . The report was ordered to be received tomorrow . moved , that the house should resolve itself into a committee , to consider the circumstances of lord Coilingwood 's family.—On the question being put , said , before the house went into the committee , he wished to address a few words , by way of question , to the noble lord . He understood lady Collingwood , in case of her surviving her lord , was to have the annuity continued to her for her life . He thought it very right it should be so ; but , what he wished to know , was , whether any provision was intended to be made for the unfortunate widows of captains of men of war , whose husbands had fallen gallantly defending their country in the glorious battle of Trafalgar ? Captain Duff had so fallen , and had left behind him a disconsolate widow to mourn his loss , and , at the same time , the loss of her subsistance , for he understood she was very ill provided for ; capt . Cooke had also fallen on the same glorious occasion , and had left a widow in a similar predicament . He wished , therefore , to know , whether it were intended any provision should be made for those unfortutunate ladies ? and he hoped he should not be deemed troublesome by the noble lord in asking the question . expressed his partci 351 pation in the feeling so properly expressed by the hon . member ; but he believed it was not customary on such occasions to make any particular provision for the widows of naval captains . He understood , however , that some application had been made on behalf of those ladies for his majesty 's bounty , which was at present under the royal consideration , but he was not yet prepared to communicate the result.—The house then went into a committee : in which the noble lord moved a resolution , that in the event of the decease of lord Collingwood , the sum of 1000l . a year should , from the tune of his decease , be settled on lady Collingwood for her life ; and , after her decease , if the daughters of lord Collingwood be living , the same annual sum to be settled on them , to commence from the day of lady Collingwood 's decease.—The house resumed , and the report was ordered to be received tomorrow . gave notice of a motion for Friday , for the production of three or four more papers to lay the grounds of an additional charge against lord Wellesley . asked whether it was the intention of the hon . gent . to bring forward on Friday the additional charge he alluded to , or to move only for papers ? replied , that he meant to move for the papers , and they would form all the documents he thought necessary upon this subject . If they should be produced in due time , he gave notice that he would in the course of the first week after the recess bring forward his accusations against lord Wellesley . begged the hon . gent . to describe the nature of the papers to which his intended motion would refer ? said that there was a prince in India called the Rajah of Bhurtpore , with respect to whom the hon . member was proceeding to make some remarks , when he was called to order by the Speaker , who directed the hon . gent . to confine himself to the answer required of him . The hon . gent . then stated , that the papers he meant to move for related to the conduct of lord Wellesley towards the Rajah of Bhurtpore . presented the army estimates , which the right hon . gent . stated to be formed on the same scale precisely with those for 3 months , which