difficulties were not so light as was imagined . With respect to the comparative value of money , he agreed with the hon . gent . that a qualification of 600l . a year was sufficient for a County member . He should think the qualification sufficient had it been less . But it should be recollected , when the depreciation of money was argued upon one side of a question , that a hundred years ago the difference of the value of money , from the present time , though not so great as between the present time and the reign of Henry VI , was yet very considerable . On the principle which had been argued by the hon . gent . therefore , these qualifications should be raised ; he was however , of a different opinion . This matter should certainly be put so clearly out of doubt , as to relieve committees from any hesitation in their decisions . The hon . gent . had said , that if a candidate asked his equal to drink a glass of wine , it could not be deemed a bribe , but that it might if offered to a poor man . He had added , that committees would be the judges of these and similar circumstances . But were there no intermediate ranks between the gentleman of fortune and the poor man ? And would it not be most unseemly to excite enquiries into the probability of such or such a man 's being influenced by a consideration of that nature ? He was decidedly of opinion , that the subject should be settled , but it must be without virtually or directly disfranchising any considerable number of voters . If this object could be accomplished , the bill should have his hearty support . explained . All he wished was , that the law should be distinctly established , but in doing this , it was his earnest desire to prevent the possibility of any man 's being disfranchised . What the right hon . gent . had said of the hardships 380 which a soldier would incur in being deprived of his elective practice was certainly true . For this , and similar cases , an adequate remedy might be applied . He only hoped that the bill would not be rendered obscure or ambiguous , but that this broad principle should be generally established , namely , that every voter should vote at his own expense . gave great credit to the hon . gent . for the excellence of his intention , and for the clearness with which he had explained it , but agreed with the right hon . gent . under him ( Mr. Fox ) , that the difficulties in the way were considerable . Without a great many safeguards , the result of the bill must be the disfranchisements of some thousands of electors . If it were rendered impossible for a man to vote except by making a journey , the expense of which he could not afford , it would he much the same thing as depriving him of his right altogether . wished only to advert to one statement that had been made by the right hon . mover . He had said that the voter exercised his right for his own pleasure ; now he had always conceived that he exercised it for the benefit of the public at large.—The question was then put , and leave was given to bring in the bill . rose , pursuant to notice , to move for copies of two letters written by lord Cornwallis to the court of directors ; as also of a letter from sir George Barlow , his successor in the government of India . He disclaimed any personal animosity to the marquis Wellesley , or any wish to bring charges against him , but he thought it was necessary that the house should at length turn its attention to the mode in which India had been for a long time governed , and that the members should compare the system of lord