for this house to cut short his service by a premature dismissal . The rt . hon . gent . may perhaps see some solution to this difficulty , if it has ever occurred to him : but it is at least a difficulty gratuitously incurred , and better avoided.—Sir , I think we should have been justified from the statement of the principle on which the rt . hon . gent . proposed the repeal of the additional force act , and upon which he professes to act in his plan , for the alteration of the militia system , as well as for the recruiting of the army , from the preference which he has manifested throughout , for voluntary over compulsory service , in concluding that there was at least one military institution in the country which he must regard with admiration . If the rt . hon . gent . had read in ancient history , that the whole population of a country , of a great commercial nation like this , a Tyre , or a Carthage , had suddenly quitted their accustomed habits , and had voluntarily assumed a martial appearance , and subjected themselves to military discipline , he would have spoken of such an event with enthusiasm . But realities do not suit the rt . hon . gent . Distant phantoms alone can interest his feelings . At the very time when it is said by France , when the schools of Talleyrand and Hanterive are labouring to persuade the nations of Europe , that the people of this country , gorged with wealth , and sunk in the low pursuits of gain , are altogether insensible to honour , and incapable of exertion ; that the flesh has so tar overgrown the sinew , that there is neither strength nor 991 spirit retraining among them ; at that very moment have they given the lie to these assertions , and proved themselves alive to every generous and patriotic sentiment . Whatever it may appear in the rt . hon . gent 's . eyes , as to the military use or disadvantage of such an effort , it can not be denied that upon the Continent at least the volunteers had given confidence to our friends , and lowered the tone of our enemies ; that in whatever part of Europe this sudden rush to arms was known , the opinion there instantly prevailed , that our danger was dispelled , that England was saved . It is surely not our business , it is not the province and duty of a minister of this country , to endeavour to lower this confidence , and to re-animate the hopes of our opponent . But the rt . hon . gent . looks at these events if not with a prejudiced , at least with too impartial an eye ; and what he would have hailed with rapture in the history of a distant period , and described in a learned language , brought near to his eye in action , and exemplified in the plain instance of ; his own country , fills him With disgust . He sees with no complacency these belli simulacra exhibited among persons whose every day habits are known and familiar to him . He has no reliance on their military prowess . He even fears that the assumption of the soldier by the citizen has polluted and degraded the military character . The rt . hon . gent. , I know , defends himself against the charge of having uttered any personal reflections against the volunteers , of having suffered his rooted dislike of the system to betray him into any harsh language against individuals . To be sure sir , it would be but An inadequate reward for the exertions of any individual that he should not have been reviled ; and yet that even this has not been the lot of every one of them , I could easily call to the recollection of the House , by reminding them of an occasion on which one most meritorious individual ( Mr. Birch