I do not think it can be attributed to any particular good fortune , that has befallen us . As far as I can perceive , our morals are not likely to be corrupted by prosperity . I never did or could suspect a man of his sound judgement of favouring such A folly as universal representation . For my part , sir , it is well known that I took every opportunity to disclaim it and even to engage the society to disavow it . * I never harboured a thought so dangerous and so absurd , as that of separating the power from the property of the country. `` To those , who would place power in the hands of indigence , I said , that power and property can not be separated long . Sooner or later , the power will take the property , and the property gradually revert to a new set of men , who would still be the few compared with the whole number ; that is , property would soon be distributed and settled more or less , just as it is at present . The final result , at best , would be nothing but a change of hands and a temporary shifting of possession . '' But who is there can calculate , or who can think without terror of the dangers , that must be encountered , and the miseries that must be endured , in transitu †I say that such a scheme is no more authorized by example and success , than it is to be defended on general principles , or any rational theory . Of all republican constitutions , that of Rome , on the whole , was the wisest for its purposes , of which history has given us any accurate information . In that republic , a census , or fortune was necessary to entitle a Roman to be a soldier . No * Vide Proceedings of the Friends of the People , 5th April , 1794 . †Vide Mr. Francis 's Letter to Mr. Wyvill , dated 20th Jan. 1795 . Vol . V. p. 295 . 513 man was thought fit to be entrusted with arms for the defence of his country , who had not that interest in its welfare , which was attached to property , and could be derived from nothing else . The proletarii , who were supposed to be good for nothing but propagation , and the capite censi , who were counted by the head or by tale , belonged to no class , and had no vote or voice in any act of the people . My right hon . friend and I concurred in thinking that , in order if possible to make venality in the election of persons to serve in parliament useless , if not impracticable , it would be advisable to extend the right of voting to the greatest number of voters that could be obtained consistently with the public safety . With that united view , we hunted for property , wherever it could be found , in order to support the vote . He knows best whether he ever meant to consider the vote as a personal right without any other qualification , and to act on that principle . I believe not ; but I am sure that such a project never entered into my contemplation.—I ought now to state to the house for what purpose I have introduced these topics and reflections , and how I mean to bring them home to the business of the day . The fact is , that I have had no opportunity of examining the bill which is under consideration . But I have collected enough from the debates to know that it is the prevailing opinion of this house , and not yet disputed by any body , that the inevitable effect and operation of the bill , whether intended or not , will be to reduce very considerably the number of voters in county elections ; and that , the larger the county is , the smaller will the