This was the main source of his distinction ; this was the great pedestal of his fame.—The hon . gent . pronounced an high eulogium on the manner in which the proposition had been discussed by the gentlemen on the other side . Their conduct , he conceived to be not only honourable to their own character , but to that of their country . It afforded a signal instance , that the spirit of party could not operate in the breasts of Englishmen , to extinguish those feelings and sentiments , which enable men fairly to judge of character , and justly to estimate merit . He declared that he felt great satisfaction in contemplating the course of this discussion , which he had no doubt would terminate in the adoption of his hon . friend 's motion . To that motion he was happy to give his warmest support , and that he felt but a small tribute of deference to the memory of a man who was ever the object of his esteem and admiration , who was equally distinguished for great talents , for exalted character , for enlarged views , for personal purity , and for indefatigable patriotism . Of him , indeed , it might well be said , that the first wish of his heart was the good of his fellow creatures , and the sole object of his study that of his country . Undoubtedly , had self been of any consequence in his consideration , he might have materially contributed to promote his own views of policy by cultivating connections and private friendships . But to these things , which are so diligently consulted , and which are of such material use to other public men , Mr. Pitt was quite inattentive . To whatever regarded his own interest , he was perfectly indifferent . Indeed this distinguished man was always forgetting himself , but ever remembering his country . said , that he was not aware he could make any motion to effect his wishes , but that he hoped and trusted that the friends of the illustrious person who was the subject of the debate , would all attend his remains to the grave , —The house then divided , and the numbers were— For Mr. Lascelles ' motion 258 Against it 89 — Majority 169 The ayes having come forth , were addressed by lord Castlereagh , while in the 73 lobby , nearly in the following words : —Gentlemen , to-morrow the Treaties alluded to in his majety 's speech will be laid before the house ; and a day probably be named for discussing that great question , involving so much of the merits and character of Mr. Pitt : I hope and trust , that gentlemen will give , a full attendance on that day ; which will be more necessary , as we have lost the splendid talents of that great man.—Strangers were not re-admitted into the gallery ; but , we are informed , that Mr. Cartwright gave notice of motion for Monday next , for the payment of Mr. Pitt 's debts . said , he was commanded by his Majesty to lay before the house copies treaties entered into between his majesty and the king of Sweden , and the emperor of Russia , and also of the accession thereto of the emperor of Germany and Austria . He wished there had been a fuller attendance of their lordships in order that he might have fully explained the reason of expediency and necessity , which he conceived to exist , for withholding certain articles which formed parts of those treaties . This explanation he should , under the present circumstances , reserve , until the remainder of the documents should be laid on their lordships ' table . He thought it his duty , however , to state now to their lordships , that to the treaty of St. Petersburgh , as it now existed , or at least as it came to this country , there were attached fifteen supplementary articles ; of these , the tenth article was never