deemed a responsible body ; for , if it were , such an application would be quite superfluous . But , do n't confine your research to those addresses ; look at the journals throughout . Examine the several articles of impeachment on record , and you can discover no instance of any man , or body of men , being impeached as Cabinet counsellors . Take the end of queen Anne 's reign . See the articles of impeachment exhibited against the earl of Oxford for the conclusion of the peace of Utrecht . Lord Bolingbroke and Mr . Prior , who were the persons principally concerned in that transaction , being then out of the country , and beyond the reach of parliament , it was eagerly endeavoured to implicate lord Oxford . In prosecution of this object a variety of shifts and expedients were resorted to , which would have been totally unnecessary had the Cabinet council been considered a responsible body . No , in that case it would be all easy and smooth . But , in that case , it appears that not one word was mentioned which could countenance the idea of any recognition of a responsible Cabinet council . As yet , among the leaders of those who promoted the impeachment of lord Oxford , were many very able men , among others sir R. Walpole . I do not mention this statesman for the purpose of expressing my concurrence in the general censure which has so long attached to his character . On the contrary , I think that he experienced much undeserved obloquy , as well in the course of his life , as since his death . But I confess , that if I were to panegyrize that distinguished man , I should not rest my panegyric upon his scrupulous regard to the means by which he could reach his object , Particularly when stimulated by resentment . Another distinguished person se- 312 conded sir Robert Walpole in this prosecution , and he certainly , however estimable in other respects , was by no means remarkable for moderation . And yet these active , able men , never , in their zeal to achieve their purpose , even hinted at that , the establishment of which would have so much facilitated their success , viz . the existence of a responsible Cabinet council.—From this , and from every other circumstance that applies , I infer that such a council was never legally conceived to exist . Therefore , the first time the hon . mover proposes to the house to recognize the existence of such a body , and if you do adopt his proposition , I would ask , do you mean to stop there ? If you even do , I can assure you , that as far as nay influence can go , I will not allow you . For , if in any shape you acknowledge the existence of a Cabinet council , we must go on to make such a body not alone formally , but really known to the house and to the laws . The gentlemen who support the motion , may state , that it is not their object to go so far ; but the consequence I have stated must naturally follow the adoption of their motion.—One word more before I quit this part of the subject . Some gentlemen may confound the functions of what is called the Cabinet council , and therefore it may be necessary to state a distinction , of which the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) must be aware . Councils frequently meet , which are assembled solely for the purpose of affording to the members an opportunity of consulting with each other , and stating their ideas reciprocally on points connected with their several departments , but with no intention of communicating the result to his majesty . Indeed upon many such points it would not only be unnecessary , but improper to communicate with his majesty . The noble lord ( Castlereagh ) knows to what I allude . On other occasions the