and its government . read a passage from a letter of lord Lake to the governor-general , in which the treachery of the rajah of Bhurtpore was placed in the strongest light . 398 That rajah had received one third more than his right of the country conquered from Scindia , and it was immediately after receiving that boon , that his treacherous connection with Holkar was discovered . As to marquis Wellesley , he knew little of him but as a public man ; he had no hesitation to say , however , that he considered him as the greatest statesman that had ever been in India . Such a man exercising such talents for the public good , was rather hardly treated , when he was received , on his return home , with accusation instead of acclamation . He wished the noble marquis 's conduct to be sifted , however ; as , the more it was sifted , the more the result would be to his honour . rose and said : Mr. Speaker ; the hon . bart . ( sir T. Metcalfe ) below me , has in his speech renewed the charge just brought by the noble lord ( Temple ) below him , of treachery on the part of the Rajah of Bhurtpore . I will not at present enter into that transaction ; because it is likely to be more fully discussed to-morrow , and is therefore now premature , and because perhaps I know less of the motion than I ought . But on the first blush of the business I must say , that the term treachery seems to be here most strangely applied . This rajah is a native prince of India , having natural connections with the country ; we have none such , but ere really invaders , seeking to establish a dominion and to acquire an empire . In these circumstances , if these or other native chiefs should take measures for preventing us , or for expelling us , it seems to me that it might be attributed to other dispositions than those of perfidy , and such conduct be called by another name than treachery . However , we shall hear more of this hereafter.—I should not , sir , have made this observation , if I had not been called up by something else which fell , in the course of his speech , from the hon . bart . He complains that my lord Wellesley 's character is continually attacked by a side-wind ; and of the ungenerous reception which he has met with on his return to this country . Now , it seems to me I confess , very natural , and I am sure it is very competent , for members of this house , who have the good of the country at heart , to make the enquiries and to stir the questions , which the hon . bart . complains of . For when we consider what we have witnessed in the last 12 months , and what we now daily bear on the subject of India af- 399 fairs ; when we recollect , that lord Cornwallis was sent out to India for the express purpose of undoing all lord Wellesley had done , of overturning all his schemes , and putting an end to all his projects ; when we observe too , the joy that has been expressed by all those most interested in India affairs , at the expectation that those schemes and projects are now put an end to , and never to be renewed ; —when we observe that every person who has spoken in this debate , with the exception of the hon . bart and the noble lord , have joined in that expression of joy ; it does not appear to me very extraordinary , that some enquiries should be made into the nature and plan of that administration , the termination of which is so great and so general a matter of exultation . But , sir , this is not all ; the derangement of