the elector ; because , voting from freeholds , often in remote parts of the country , upon which they resided , certainly it would be hard for them to travel at their own expence to a county election to vote for any candidate ; and though there might be no strong objection for a reasonable allowance to the voter for conveyance , yet still it would be extremely difficult to draw the line of strict propriety in all cases , so as to guard against the abuses such a system admitted of : but upon the candidate the hardship must be still greater than in the other case ; because the expences must be incalculably more enormous . No man of moderate fortune , however respectable his talents and character , could pretend to stand the contest for a county against a wealthy rival . It would be in vain that the law required as a qualification for representing a county 600l . a year landed estate , or 300l . for a borough ; since no man , under the liability to such a system of expence , could venture to set up for a counts , who was not prepared to spend in the pursuit more than the fee sim- 374 ple of his qualification ; nay , without being prepared to squander from ten , to twenty , thirty , or even forty thousand pounds in the contest . The strong point therefore to which he particularly objected , was the extreme hardship imposed upon the candidate , in being left open to the claims of the voter for his conveyance and travelling charges from one extremity of a county to the other , to exercise his own privilege , and for his own advantage . It was for this he wished a remedy ; and so it was an effectual one , he should not be very fastidious as to the form . A plan had been heretofore proposed , for preventing the confusion and expence attendant on county elections , by enabling the electors to give their votes within their respective districts . He should have no objection even to such arrangement ; but , from the principle avowed in the very preamble of the act to which he alluded , he held it to be the clear and obvious construction of that act , that the candidate , in all events , should not be charged with the expences of conveying electors to gratify their own wishes , and for their own advantage , to exercise their privileges . And whether the expence was to be defrayed by a county-rate ( though he was not quite agreed as to that ) , or what other mode should seem more eligible , the candidate should certainly be exempt . The act of king William contained no distinction between residents and non-residents . It was an act not hastily introduced , but one that had been , at a prior period , under the consideration of parliament . The right hon . gent . here read the preamble of the act , which stated , that it was to remedy the great grievance of expensive elections , & c. Such being the case , it was obvious that the intention of the framers was not to confine its operation to the places of which the residents alone were electors , more especially as the proportion of these to those where non-residents had the right of voting , was only as one to four . Three-fourths , therefore , of the kingdom were totally out of the beneficial influence of the act . He had never heard it contended by legal men , that the law did authorize an allowance to a non-resident voter for loss of time , & c. ; the only ground on which such allowance had been defended was convenience . It might be thought that the operation of the bill , which it was his wish to bring in , would be to disfranchise three-fourths of the voters in the kingdom . If he were of that opinion , he would