of the spiritual peers , namely , the archbishop of Canterbury . deprecated an alteration of the kind , without the fullest and most mature consideration ; deeming it far preferable to abide by the uniform practice of parliament , and to follow the example of their ancestors in such cases.—The question was then put , on an amendment as proposed by earl Stanhope , tending to do away the effect of the declaratory part of the bill , but which was negatived by the committee . Their lordships then agreed to the amendments proposed by the lord 404 chancellor ; after which the house resumed , and ordered the report to be received tomorrow . moved , that the bill for the more effectual Discovery of Truth , be read a second time to-morrow , which was ordered accordingly . inspector-general of imports and exports , presented an account of all the duties on , customs , charged and outstanding , on the 5th of Jan. 1805 and 1806 respectively distinguishing the permanent and temporary duties.—The Irish Clergy Residence bill was read a second time.—Mr . Tierney presented a petition from the debtors confined in the Marshalsea . —Mr . Alexander brought up the report of the committee on the American treaty act , and obtained leave to bring in a bill to continue , for a time to be limited , the act of the 37th of his majesty , for carrying into effect the treaty of amity , navigation , and commerce with the united states of America.—Sir Charles Bunbury presented a petition from the maltsters of the county of Suffolk ; as did Mr. Mordaunt one from those of the county of Warwick , and of the county of the city of Coventry , praying relief from the restrictions imposed by the 42d of his majesty.—Mr . Rose presented a petition from the trustees of the British Museum , praying the annual parliamentary grant . Mr. Rose then moved , that there be laid before the house an account of the expenditure of the British Museum for the last year . Ordered . —The secretary at war brought up the Mutiny bill , which was read a first time.—Mr . H. Parnell was , on the motion of lord H. Petty , added to the committee for investigating the joint accounts of Great Britain and Ireland . rose for the purpose of putting a question to the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Fox ) , with a view to learn the future intentions of that right hon , gent . with respect to the claims of a large portion of his majesty 's subjects in Ireland . In doing this , he was not actuated by any wish to embarrass his majesty 's ministers , or by motives of idle curiosity . Rumours had gone abroad of a very extraordinary change of sentiments having taken place in certain quarters , on the subject of the claims of the catholics of Ireland . It was also rumoured , that the great body of the catholics had acquiesced in this change of opi- 405 nion . It was of the utmost importance to the tranquillity of Ireland that this subject should be set at rest one way or the other , and he trusted the right hon . gent . would relieve him front his suspense on the subject . spoke to the following effect : Really the question of the hon . gent . is so extremely vague that I can not pretend to answer it , for I confess that I do not distinctly understand it . The hon . gent . has talked of some rumours afloat as to an alteration of opinion respecting the catholics , among those who formerly supported them ; but as I do not know to whom he alludes , I can not give him a precise answer . But with regard to the rumour that the catholic body have acquiesced in the reported alteration respecting their claims , I should rather ask the hon . gent . himself upon that point . So far as I