in which it has been lately bestowed . On these grounds , therefore , of private worth and private merit , and not at all on the score of public service , do I agree to the motion of the honourable gentleman . Admiral Hervey , if he had been present 133 on a late occasion , would have concurred in the vote to do honour to the memory of the great man , who claimed the regret and admiration even of those who were politically hostile to him . For himself , he held it his good fortune to have generally agreed with him : but if he necessarily differed with him sometimes , that would not abate Ins sense of his merits ; and he hoped they would this night have the unanimous acknowledgment of all , even of those who sometimes differed from him most widely . did think that he was called on , consistently with the opinion he bad expressed on the former night , not to give an unlimited concurrence to the present motion . It was impossible for him , thinking as he did , and had always done , of the conduct of the right hon . gent . to vote in an unqualified manner in support of the motion . As to the disinterestedness of the right hon . gent . he entirely agreed in that point with the other members who had spoken . How far the country , however , was called on to make up any deficiency in the right hon . gent . 's fortune , must depend on the services he had rendered the country . If the salary was not adequate , an additional burthen must be imposed On the people . This he was averse to do in , times like the present , let who would be in office . Here , however , every thing must be grounded on the opinion of the services performed , and the gentleman who brought forward the motion , even declared that as the express reason of it . If so , how could they call on him , who did not think that the right hon , gent . had done any service to the state , to concur in the address , so diametrically opposite to his own opinion ? He was aware that there might be other reasons for pressing the proposed motion , besides the ostensible one . While they seemed , from motives of friendship , to desire that every mark of respect should be paid to the memory of their departed head , was it not apparent that those very gentlemen were indirectly drawing in the hon . member and the house to compliment themselves ? He declared that he should never be induced , either rectly or by a side wind , so to libel himself or the persons who had acted with him , as to give an unqualified vote which might seem to warrant this interference . He wished to speak with respect of the deceased , but when he heard him spoken of as having been the saviour of the country from anarchy , — [ hear ! hear ! from Mr. Pitt 's 134 friends , ] —he regarded the expression as a proof , that in these votes in honour of him , they wished to obtain a substantive sanction of their own conduct , [ a cry of no ! no ! by Mr. Pitt 's friends ] . He wished gentlemen to reconcile What they said when they at once disclaimed all mixture of politics on this question , and grounded the vote on the very parts of Mr. Pitt 's political conduct that were most likely to cause dissension . He believed now as he did then , that the anarchy alluded to was nothing more than a cry raised to bring into disrepute persons for whom he had the highest regard , long since so perfectly justified , that it was unnecessary for him to say one word in their vindication . The clamour was increased to lay grounds for