be essential to the defence of the country ; and which it would be highly unbecoming in a new master of the-ordnance to reject without due consideration . The present board of ordnance had , without absolutely adopting or approving of all the schemes , or thinking the whole system of the late board completely advisable , availed itself of the estimate prepared by that boards reserving the power of carrying forward and suppressing such parts of the plans of the late board as it might hereafter think proper.— The following Resolutions were then agreed to : `` 1 . That 2,957,181l . 6s . 6d . be granted to his majesty , for the charge of the office of ordnance for land service for Great Britain , for 1806 ; 2 . That 130,000l . be granted to his majesty , for the charge of the office of ordnance for sea service for Great Britain , for 1806 ; 3 . That 129,230l . 15s . 5d . be granted to his majesty , to replace the sum advanced by the exchequer in Ireland for ordnance services in Ireland , to the 31st day of Dec. 1805 , beyond the grants by parliament for the said services in the said year ; 4 . That 677,976l . 18s . 5d . be granted to his majesty , for the charge of the office of ordnance in Ireland , for 1806 . '' said , he meant to propose a resolution for liquidating the exchequer bills , the accounts of which had been referred to the committee . There was a sum of 8 million consisting of an issue of 5 million , and an issue of 3 million in the year 1804 . There was another sum of 2½million issued in 1804 , and replaced by a fresh issue last year . It was now proposed to pay these bills off , but whether by fresh exchequer bills , or by other means , he was not prepared to say , till the Ways and Means should be considered ; though he believed 449 it would be found more desirable to pay them off by exchequer bills . There was a further sum to be provided for , to the : amount of 1,500,000l . being part of 3 million advanced by the bank , in 1798 , one half of which had been since paid , and this other half had been renewed , and remained to be provided for now.—The following Resolutions were then agreed to : 1 . `` That 8 millions be granted to his majesty , for paying off and discharging the exchequer bills Made out by virtue of an act , passed in the last session of parliament , for raising the sum of 8 millions , by loans or exchequer bills , for the service of Great Britain , for 1805 , outstanding and unprovided for ; 2 . That 2½ millions be granted to his majesty , for paving off and discharging the exchequer bills made out by virtue of an act , passed in the last session of parliament , for raising the sum of 2½ millions , by loans , or exchequer bills , for the service of Great Britain , for 1805 , outstanding and unprovided for ; 3 . That 1½ million be granted to his majesty , for paying off and discharging the exchequer bills made out by virtue of an act , passed in the last session of parliament , for raising the sum of 1½ million by loans or exchequer bills , for the service of Great Britain , for 1805 , outstanding and unprovided for . '' was introduced , agreeably to his new creation of baron Wormleighton , with the usual formalities , sworn , and took his seat . His lordship 's supporters were , the earl of Galloway and lord Grenville.—The Marine Mutiny , the Irish Malt Duty Regulation , the Greenland Ships Quota , and the Corn Exportation bills , were severally read a 3d time and passed . moved the second reading of the Woollen Manufacturers ' bill