his majesty 's ministers to repeal that bill . He had no wish whatever to provoke or anticipate any discussion respecting the plan that was in preparation for improving and strengthening our military system : the chief object of the motion with which he should conclude , was to collect and have in readiness before the house such information as was likely to bear upon the important question that was soon expected to engage their lordships ' attention . He did not foresee any objection to what he should have the honour to propose ; but if there was any , he should be ready to couch his motion in what less objectionable terms his majesty 's ministers should think proper to suggest . His lordship then concluded with moving , `` that an humble address be presented to his majesty , praying that he would be pleased to give directions that there be laid before the house a Return of the number of men raised in each county and parish , conformably to the provisions of the Additional Force bill . '' he should have no objection to the motion , provided it was understood that time return moved for not only contained the number of men raised by the provisions of the bill in question , but also a description or explanation of the particular manner in which they had , been raised in each parish . That was the consideration which in his mind would principally bear upon the plan that was to be brought forward , the particulars of which he expected would be known before forty-eight hours had elapsed . Much impatience had been expressed at the delay that had accrued in bringing forward that measure ; but it should be recollected how essential it was both to the military service , and to the present circumstances of the , country , that nothing crude and imperfect 591 should be hastily thrust forward , but that leisure , thought , and consultation , should be employed in digesting a system that should fairly promise to answer its object , and meet the exigencies of the case ; considering the motion in the . point of view in which he had placed it , there should be no opposition to it on his part . had no desire but to obtain such information , as was likely to be useful in the discussion that was so soon to claim their lordships ' attention ; and he willingly consented it should be understood , that when the return was made , it . should be looked upon not only as indicative of the number of men raised , but also of the particular manner in which they had been raised.— The motion was then put and agreed to . The noble earl next moved , a similar address for the production of several other papers relative to the general recruiting of the Army , which motion was also agreed to . said , that he should have to trouble the house with a few motions , which , in his opinion , would follow up and tend to give a more comprehensive effect to the motions which had just been submitted to the house by his noble friend . The object of them was , first , to obtain a return of the number to which the Volunteer Force of England and Ireland amounted , in the year 1804 ; and of the number that had been certified to be effectual . He should wish a similar return to be made of the state of the Volunteer Force for the year 1805 . It must be obvious that the end he had in view , was to ascertain whether that force had diminished or increased ; and how far it might be relied upon to form a part of our military system and means of defence . He was not aware that there could be any objections to these motions , but if there was , he should be ready to adopt any other less objectionable mode of framing them , which any noble lord would take