defence of the realm , and to provide for augmenting his majesty 's regular forces , and for the gradual reduction of the militia of England , amounted to 225 ; and , notwithstanding every endeavour had been made by the select vestry , churchwardens , overseers of the poor , and other official servants , it had been found impossible to procure a single man in the manner and upon the terms prescribed by the said act ; and that the said parish had therefore become liable to the several fines imposed by the said act , and had consequently , on the 23d day of Aug. last , been assessed in the enormous sum of 4,500l . in respect of such deficiency , which , for the reason before given in , was not possible to avoid ; and that the sum of 2000l . had been paid to the treasurer of the county of Middlesex on account of the said penalties ; and the petitioners have not been informed , nor do they believe that , since the said assessment , a man has been carried to the account of the said parish by the recruiting officer of the district in which the said parish is situate ; and that , as the said act seems to have failed in its intended object in every respect , and to impose very heavy penalties upon persons without the possibility of their avoiding the same , the petitioners pray that the said act may be repealed . `` —Ordered to lie upon the table . on perceiving a noble marquis in his place , rose , and called the attention of the house generally to the situation in which the case of the above judicial character stood before their lordships . The affair was one , in every point of view , public as well as private , of the highest importance , and it was highly proper that the house should come to some determination upon the case . He therefore requested to know of that noble marquis , whether he intended to move for any proceeding relative to the attendance or examination of witnesses in the case of Mr. justice Fox ? said , it must 177 be in the recollection of several of their lordships , that so early as on the first day of the session , he had called the attention of the house to the business alluded to . It was his wish , that as little delay as possible should take place with respect to the proceedings upon the case . The spring assizes in Ireland were to take place this year somewhat earlier than they did last year , in which case their attendance in London might be proportionably earlier , a week or ten days at least . It was his intention to move , that certain witnesses be ordered to attend on the 28th of April . His lordship presented a list of a number of witnesses , who , he regularly moved , should be ordered to attend at the bar of that house on the 28th day of April next.—As the lord chancellor was reading the motion , entered the house , and , on the question being put , his lordship rose , and observed , he spoke under the disadvantage of not having heard what transpired on the subject previous to the motion ; but it struck him most forcibly , that , on a subject of such great and various importance as that which the case of Mr. justice Fox involved , some time should be allowed , not only as it respected himself , but other noble lords , who wished to deliver their opinions , for the consideration of the subject . He was then quite unprepared to give a decided opinion as to what was proposed . He submitted , therefore , whether it would not be better to withdraw the motion ? but , shortly after , he moved that the farther consideration of this motion be adjourned to this day se'nnight.—This , on the question being so put ,