which have nothing to do with the natural consumption of the country . I have stated this opinion , with many arguments to support it long ago to the court of directors '' , * * In his minute of Dec. 1776 , in the Revenue department . 438 in the following terms . `` There is reason `` to presume , that this was the policy of the ancient government ; or why did they encourage every European nation to frequent their ports by exempting their export and import trade from duties ? '' I do not mean to go farther into any general considerations of this kind at present . Whether we like it or not , a time will come , when they must be resumed . I shall never meddle with them , if I can avoid it . The subject is not within my reach . What I aim at now is to obtain information , and chiefly concerning some matters of fact , to which the hon . alderman has alluded . He says , `` that , in 18O4 , the sum paid by neutrals , for only six articles , at Calcutta alone , amounted to three millions ; that the bullion imported into Bengal , by those neutrals , exclusive of that laid out by the India company , exceeded nineteen millions in dollars , and that the importations of last year alone , amount to 5,300,000l . '' In addition to all this importation by neutrals , we know that within a very few late years , the India company have poured into Bengal and the other presidencies , a supply of specie , not far short of 7 or 8 millions sterling . I can not precisely state the period nor the amount , because the return is not before us . More or less , however , we are sufficiently certain of the fact . On these facts a question arises , which I am utterly unable to answer . It constitutes a problem , not only beyond the extent of any knowledge I possess , but beyond the reach of my imagination to resolve or account for . With a territorial revenue , greatly under-stated at 15 millions sterling a year , and with this immense influx of foreign specie , into Bengal particularly , how does it happen that there is no circulation of specie in Calcutta , or in any of the company 's other presidencies or settlements ? No , not a rupee . The only medium of circulation , in all those principal places at least , is paper , and paper of the worst quality and most injurious to the government , that is , company 's notes or bonds , or securities , —the name is Immaterial , —with a heavy interest , convertible at short intervals into capital . Now , I ask the hon . chairman of the court of directors , for no man is better qualified to instruct the house on this subject , what becomes of all this specie ? Is it buried ? is it re-exported ? or how is it employed ? All we know is , that it vanishes And disappears , as fast as it is imported , 439 My next question is , and very material it will be found some day or other , where and how is all this supply of money produced in the first instance ? Does it really and bonâ fide belong to those neutral powers , under whose flag so great a portion of the foreign trade of India is carried on ; not only to the exclusion of British private traders , but , in a considerable degree , even of our chartered company ? Is it a question to be thought of with indifference , whether our own West-India islands shall be supplied with the manufactures of our own Bengal , as in fact they are , by American carriers ? Is that immense carrying trade to be taken from the industry and navigation of Great Britain , and made over to Sweden