motion for papers , it was very wrong to go into it at such a length without notice . stated the right to the attention of the house to belong to his motion , of which a long notice had been given , and not to this of which there had been no notice . said , there had been a notice of the motion for papers relating to the volunteer force . The motion had certainly branched out into a more general range than such a motion seemed to require . But it was in the discretion of the house to permit or to restrain such extraneous proceedings . He did not feel warranted in interposing to check it before , nor did be now . said he bad been natu- 848 rally led into a comparison of the volunteer force with that which the right hon . gent . meant to substitute . He was glad that so material a change had been made in what the right hon . gent . had proposed . All the regulations proposed were calculated to produce practical relaxation of discipline , and diminution of numbers . was glad his right hon . friend had stepped forward to answer the learned gent . who had brought forward this motion . He had himself been thrown into an agitation which rendered it not quite fit for him to stand up , not by the poignancy of the wit of the learned gent . who had introduced this debate , but by a sort of figure of speech adopted by the learned gent . which excited feelings in him which it was fit to keep down , and to forbear addressing the house , till they had given place to feelings of a cooler nature . Part of the arguments urged on the other side , applied to questions very proper to be discussed at another time , when the measure that gave rise to these questions should be before the house . The other part called not so much for argument , as for flat contradiction . It was an open undisguised mistatement of what he had said on a former night . He had not only never said , but he had never thought of what had been imputed to him . The learned gent . had expressed an anxiety to explain the object of his motion . It was not necessary to explain the object of the mover . That was clear , and he should be exceedingly sorry if the learned gent . had not been as perfectly successful in that point as he was . It was a kind of parliamentary warfare , resorted to in some few instances before , but now adopted without limit by the hon . gent . on the other side , to influence every passion right or wrong , — [ a cry of no , no ] . That was at least the tendency of what had been said ; and though it might not he parliamentary to charge it directly , he was more justified in collecting it from the speeches of the hon . gentlemen , than they were in collecting the misinterpretation of this night from his . The hon . gentlemen might , if they thought fit , adopt this system of parliamentary warfare : but he wished them to abstain from misinterpreting his speeches , and making their own misinterpretations the foundation of attacks upon him . He should be happy to follow the contradictions imputed to him in their order , but that was impossible . The learned gent . had charged him with 849 saying the army was degraded by the volunteers wearing the same colour . All he had said was , that as the army everywhere existed as a distinct body , and its character depended in a great measure on that distinction , a part , of its discipline and character was lost when that distinction was multiplied . He utterly denied using any expressions to the extent the learned gent . charged upon . him , As to the charge of