consequence would be , that the trade with our colonies would be thrown open altogether to the Americans . The colonial governors would surely be the best judges of the existence of any necessity for the admission of American ships . Indeed , that necessity , if he was rightly informed , was not likely again to occur , if measures were taken to enforce the provisions of the navigation act . If American ships were altogether excluded , he was assured that there were numbers of British ship-owners , who would be ready to freight a sufficient number of British ships , to carry every necessary article from America for the supply of our colonies , and after-wards to bring home our colonial produce . To enforce the exclusion of the Americans was necessary , in order to encourage our own American colonies , which he spewed , from an account of its supply of certain articles , was competent to furnish our islands with more than seemed to be the general 836 supposition , and yet those colonies appeared to decrease in wealth and population as the United States advanced . The right hon . gent. , with a view to impress upon the house the importance of this subject , stated the various interests that were involved ; he particularly dwelt upon the consequences resulting to the East-India Co. from the intercourse of America with our colonies . The fact was , that not an article of our East-India produce found its way of late either to the British or Spanish colonies but through American traders . That our colonists could not find a market for their rum , if not allowed an intercourse , was an assertion which he deemed of no weight ; and it was absurd to say that it would tend to throw any impediment in the way of our amicable understanding with America ; it our navigation laws were rigidly enforced , that country could not , consistently , complain of our resolution to maintain that which had been , for so long a period , the law of England , but which was , in fact , one of the fundamental laws of every maritime state . For there was no rich state to be found which did not maintain a monopoly of the trade of its colonies . Under all the circumstances , he warmly recommended to ministers to enquire into this subject most carefully before they attempted to carry into effect the design ascribed to them . The interests of the ship-owners , the planters themselves , the manufacturers , and the East-India Co. , all of which were concerned in this affair , ought to be well weighed and considered . Towards the planters he felt a very natural disposition to accommodate , for he was much interested in West-India property , having himself a large estate there . But he would consent to no accommodation Which threatened such consequences to Great-Britain , as the reported project of ministers was likely to produce . He declared , as the conviction of his mind , that if the salutary restraints of the navigation law were enforced upon this point , that , from even its present reduced state , the advances of our colonial trade would be such that we should soon employ in that branch from 100 to 150 thousand tons of shipping , and from 8 to 10 thousand seamen . The right hon . gent . concluded with moving , for ; 1 , '' An account of the number of British ships , their tonnage , and the number of men employed in the trade between Great-Britain and the United States of America , from 5th Jan. 1789 , to 5th Jan. 1806 ; distin- 837 guishing each year.—2 . An account of the number of ships , their tonnage , and number of men employed in the same , which belonged to the British West-India islands and the British colonies on the Continent of America , and which were employed in the trade between those islands ( exclusive of settlements captured ) , and