charge of the hon . gent . against his noble relation , was for squandering the money of the East-India Co. in unnecessary purposes of personal splendour ; but the papers hitherto produced ( those of Oude ) applied to charges of which as yet he had given no notice . With regard to the money taken from the Canton treasury , his answer to it was , that this and other proceedings which were adverted to , had received the approbation of the court of directors , and that if the money were so disposed of , there was a proportionate increase of assets both a. home and abroad . As to the observation that he himself was implicated in some of the proceedings , his short reply was , that what he did in India , was in obedience to the orders .he had received ; and for the manner of that obedience , and its immediate result , he was ready to answer , either to that house , or to any other tribunal the realm . adverted to the precedents which had been quoted in the course of the debate , particularly that of Mr. Hastings , none of which he conceived bore on the present case . He , declared , that his sense of the business would have been , for the hon . gent . who made the motion , to have withdrawn it , and waited until the evidence was before the house ; but , as he had not thought proper to do that , he could not , as the business now stood , see an good reason against printing the charge . was inclined to think that it would have been much better if the hon . gent . who made the motion , had agreed to time first suggestion of the learned 946 gent . who seconded it , and not pressed it on the house . He also conceived that it was of no importance whatever , whether the charge was or was not now printed ; but he thought it was always the object of the accuser , to bring forward his charge and his evidence at the same time ; what evidence was sufficient , lay with him entirely to determine . In the present case , therefore , he considered the hon . mover as the best judge , whether the evidence on the table were sufficient , and he would therefore move for the printing of the paper , was of opinion , that this motion ought not to . have been pressed , but he did not think because it was pressed , that therefore the house should agree to it . He did not pretend to say , that there were no cases in which charges might be produced before evidence , but he believed there were none except those with which , as they originated at home , the members were acquainted . The hon . gent . then said , that as the hon . mover would not agree to withdraw his motion , he thought a motion for the order of the day would be most applicable , and concluded by moving the previous question . seconded the motion , as , he said , it would put the parties into a relative situation , one with another . It would be no hardship to the hon . gent . who made the original motion , as the papers to substantiate the charge were not before the house ; and it would appear as if the house of commons were resolved to support him throughout , if the paper were allowed to be printed . said , it appeared to him to be rather an irregular mode to print the charge before all the evidence was produced . The very circumstance of some of the evidence being already before the house , was a reason against it , and he therefore would vote against the original motion . in part , coincided in opinion with the right hon . secretary of state , He , however , differed