them can read English , may find a sufficient consolation , where they are not very likely to look for it , in the English newspapers , namely , that all such proceedings are severely condemned by the British parliament ; I ask pardon of the house : I am ashamed of arguing these absurdities any longer . The only imaginable case , in which it might be dangerous to publish any information , would be a return of the state of our military force in India , supposing it to be weak in numbers , or otherwise unprepared for service . Not that I believe that even such a publication would tell the enemy on the spot , much more than he might easily have known without it . But is it possible that a member of this house , that any but a fool or traitor , that any man in his senses would offer such a motion ? And , if he did , could such a motion prevail ? Would the house suffer it to pass ? Would they endure to hear it proposed ? I put the case only as applied to an army greatly reduced , and actually weak or unserviceable . For otherwise , if the army in India were strong and complete to its establishment , and as well equipped as it ought to be , I am not at all satisfied that there might not be an advantage in making it known to our enemies on the continent . It might probably deter them from attempting to disturb us in India . Sir , I will not descend so low as to disclaim any idea of personal emnity to lord Wellesley , or to admit the possibility that such a disclaimer , on my part , should be necessary . I defy the acutest human sagacity to assign a rational motive , of any kind , for such animosity . But , without a ray of wit or wisdom , it is easy enough to discover a very sufficient motive , which might have induced me to take oppo- 393 site course . Setting aside these low as well as useless personalities , what has been the general current of the debate this night , with only one exception ? Has it not run entirely on the rectitude of the principles exclusively attributed to lord Cornwallis , and the merit of his conduct acknowledged by all men ? Why ? Because the principles and the conduct , so universally approved , were in direct and irreconcileable opposition to those of lord Wellesley , whose acts were cut down , whose whole system was subverted root and branch , without reserve , without even the form of a personal palliation , by his noble successor . Now I appeal to the honour and to the justice of the house , and of every man who hears me . What do all these acknowledgments of exalted merit in lord Cornwallis , and all this approbation of his conduct amount to , but an admission , nay much more than an admission , a positive parliamentary assertion , that , front first to last , every thing I have said and done about India was right ? Is it possible for the Court of directors , or for my right hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) to concur in the principles , and to applaud the proceedings of lord Cornwallis , and not to condemn lord Wellesley ? Those extremities can never meet . No human faculty can reconcile such contradictions . To endeavour to trim or to balance between them would be as useless and ineffectual as it would be criminal and contemptible . I shall now , sir , request the benevolent attention of the house to a short digression , by no means unconnected with the subject of this debate , though relating immediately to myself and to my own situation . It is the only return I shall ask , for a faithful service of thirty years in this department ; because it is all that I expect to