, to the 1st of March 1804 ; together with the expenditure and sales thereof at each presidency , and the respective balances in store and afloat , on 30th April 1793 , and 30th April 1803 , as far as the same can be made out . Also , an account , shewing the annual amount of bullion , stores , and merchandise , respectively exported by and for the service of the East-India company to China , from the year ending the 1st of March 1793 , to the 1st 242 of March 1804 ; together with the sales thereof at Canton , and the respective balances in store and afloat on 30th April 1793 , and 30th April 1803 , as far as the same can be made out . '' seconded the motion . He was determined to second and support every motion , the object of which was to obtain information of the commercial and financial affairs of the company , unmixed with political matter , and thus to promote the great point he had so long looked to , to save the company from ruin , and with the company the country , which would have to bear the burden of the ruin , if the company should fall . He complained , that the directors never gave an answer , even when papers of the slightest moment were moved for . The board of controul always came forward , or one was always referred to that board . The constitution of the company required , that the directors should act in the first instance ; and that the board of controul should interfere only when it was necessary to check them . He did not like that the court of directors and the board of controul should act together as they had done for some time . This had not so much the appearance of a laudable harmony , as of a secret understanding . thanked the worthy alderman for having given notice of this motion , a consideration which he hoped the house would think due to a new board , yet unacquainted what papers ought or ought not to be produced . He saw no objections to these papers ; only , as an account of the bullion exported to India . had been already ordered , it would be advisable to omit it here . These papers , however , could not be produced very soon , as the clerks were employed in preparing the accounts for the India budget . The board of controul did not wish to interfere with the court of directors ; but , as a great responsibility rested upon the board of controul , it wished to discharge its duty ; this , however , without interfering with the proper objects of the company 's care , and without resisting the production of any necessary information . said , that however much the hon . gent . who seconded the motion might vaunt himself the company 's friend , he never could consider him as such . As to the reserve shewn by the court of directors on motions for papers , it was sufficient to state , that all the papers were in 243 the office of the board of controul , and that no director could , without a violation of his oath , produce any one paper without the consent of that board . The East-India company was not an insulated company , but a company whose interests were blended with those of the country . He would avail himself of this opportunity to explain the capture of the letters in the Hope Packet , dwelt on in such a criminatory manner by the hon . gent . on a former night . The Hope was a country ship , taken up by the government of Bengal to bring home the dispatches . On her passage she fell in with Linois , in the Marengo , accompanied by the Pelle Poule , by whom he was taken . The boxes containing the dispatches were prepared to be sunk , with sand bags