parliament wished to have full information on this subject , which is now before the house , the opinion of the court of directors , as part of such information , should be received , not as a decision of they case , for then the objection of injustice urged by the right . hon . gent . might lie ; but as throwing light upon it which would better enable the house to form its own judgment . Mr. Grant said , he did not support the motion for the reason assigned for it by the noble lord , that of founding a charge against the late board of controul . He was happy to agree with many of the other sentiments expressed by the noble lord , but he did not desire to bring forward any such charge . Between the departments of the India board , and the court of directors , diversities of opinion might be expected , and if there was not a conciliatory spirit maintained between them , every difference might be pushed to an extreme , that would interrupt the public business . Certainly , the court had differed widely from the late board of controul , concerning the conduct and measures of marquis Wellesley , and the court thought the proceeding of that 830 board in relation to these points wrong , but he was not prepared to accuse the board of acting contrary to its opinions , and in the general conduct of the late board , he was full as ready as if the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) who presided over it was still in place , to acknowledge the ability , clearness and intelligence , which he manifested in the business of it . Mr. Grant said , he could not hear without uneasiness , some observations which had been thrown out by the noble mover , and another speaker , concerning , the situation of the court of directors , in being obliged to sign dispatches dictated to them by the board of controul . It did happen that this power was sometimes exercised by the board , and in cases of great moment . The law had given them this power . But in the general currency of affairs , in the thousands of orders which were to be given upon all the various subjects relating to India , the court originated the dispatches , and those dispatches were seldom materially altered . To attempt a change now , would be a delicate , and might be a dangerous undertaking . Time and practice had consolidated , for the general purposes of practical utility , the different parts of the complex machine of Indian government ; and on the whole , it had from habit acquired a facility of movement . If one piece was taken away , others might be weakened , and in short , the whole machine be destroyed . He therefore deprecated an attempt to make any change , the whole extent and effect of which should not be distinctly seen and proved to be beneficial . On the whole , he said , he should vote for the original motion . said , it was necessary to explain , that this proposed dispatch , condemning the administration of lord Wellesley had not been prepared till 4 or 5 years of his government had expired . The authorities he had to look to for the guidance of his conduct had not till then expressed any dissatisfaction . It was at the request of the court of directors that lord Wellesley retained the government in 1802 . This dispatch of disapprobation had not been proposed to the board of controul till the noble marquis was on the seas to return to this country , and had never reached him . He wished for the production of every paper tending to elucidate the case , but this did not bear on the case , and it went to excite prejudices of the most unjust nature . though sorry to differ from certain right hon . friends of his upon the 831 present occasion ,