paper ; but he thought it was not proper now . The house ought not to receive any thing against lord Wellesley that would not be received in a court of equity . said , the house appeared to him to be in a great error in matter of fact . The court of directors had first written a dispatch , which censured strongly some part of lord Wellesley 's conduct . The board of controul altered that dispatch in a great many respects , and softened down several of the expressions ; but still what remained was , as far as it went , the opinion of the court of directors . A right hon . gent . had conceived an improper opinion of the court of directors , if he supposed they could be absolutely forced to sign papers contrary to their opinion . If there were no other way of avoiding that , they had at least the liberty to resign their situations.—The question was then called for , and , on the house dividing , there appeared For Lord A. Hamilton 's motion 27 For the previous question 121 Majority for the previous question 94 List of the Minority . Andover , Lord Moore , P. Babington , T. Paull , J. Fane , — Porcher , J. D. Fonblanque , J. Praed , W. Francis , P. Prinsep , J. Fuller , J. Robarts , J . Grant , C. Thellusson , G. W. Huddleston , J. Thornton , R. Hutchinson , C. H. Wilberforce , W. Inglis , sir H. Windham , W. Keck , A. TELLERS . Laurence , F. Hamilton , Lord A . Mills , C. Johnstone , G. Mills , W. pursuant to notice , called the attention of the house to the intercourse between the United States and our West-India colonies . The right hon . gent . entered into a detailed account of the trade of the colonies , and the manner in which they had been supplied with provisions and lumber , previous to the relaxation of the navigation law , in order to allow them to receive supplies of these articles from the United States , & c. in the shipping of America . When the first application was made to govt . to grant this indulgence to the West-India planters , a commission of enquiry was appointed , and 835 it was found that the necessity stated by the planters did not exist , and that the apprehensions of scarcity , which they then expressed , were groundless . A strong reason against complying with their wishes arose out of the importance of this branch of trade to our commercial interest and our maritime strength . In fact , it appeared that before the American shipping were allowed to trade with our colonies , we had in that employment no less than 937 ships , of 110,000 tons , and 6,500 seamen . But since the exclusion of American shipping had been released , to which gentlemen felt it necessary to assent in the year 1793 , a diminution of a most alarming nature had taken place in the quantity of our shipping , in the colonial trade . In fact it was reduced to 167 ships , of 19,000 tons , and only 1,300 men . Such was the consequence of this relaxation . But yet , great as the sacrifice was , government was urged to accede to it for the accommodation of the planters , for the supply of the colonies . The concession was however made to the pressure of strong necessity , and if a similar necessity should recur , he would not be disposed to resist a similar concession , always , however , letting the responsibility for such acts lie with the governors of the islands . He had heard that it was intended to transfer this responsibility to the ministry at home ; and he deprecated such an intention . He was sure it would be dangerous , and that , if responsibility were withdrawn from the governors , it would fix no where , and the