to be adopted . It was now near March , a period at which a campaign usually commenced , and this circumstance , added to the dangers with which the country was threatened , pointed out the necessity of expediting as much as possible any military plans that might be in contemplation.—The motion was then agreed to . previous to moving for a committee on his majesty 's message relative to earl St. Vincent , acquainted the house , that he had his majesty 's commands to recommend to them that the annuity now limited to the two heirs male of the noble earl , should be extended to the two next heirs of the peerage in succession . It was his duty to add , that when the pension was first granted it was so continued , but it had happened that in proceeding through the house it became limited , He thought it right , distinctly to state this , to shew that it was no new favour granted to earl St. Vincent , 233 although he had no doubt if it were so , that the undiminished zeal with which at his advanced period of life , the noble earl was sacrificing , his ease , and devoting himself to the service of his country , would induce the house cheerfully to accord with such a proposition . corroborated the statement of the noble lord , that it certainly was intended when the grant was first conferred on earl St. Vincent , that it should devolve to the two next heirs of the peerage in succession . He felt it a duty which he owed that noble earl to declare , that when the subject of extending it was first mentioned to him , he had said that he felt himself sufficiently rewarded , and requested , that if any thing farther were in contemplation , it might be done without his interposition.—His majesty 's recommendation , as just communicated by the noble lord , having been ordered to be referred to the same committee , the house resolved itself into a committee on his majesty 's message respecting earl St. Vincent ; when a resolution was agreed to , in conformity with the said message ; and the house having been resumed , the report was ordered to be received tomorrow . to move for leave to bring in a bill for the better regulation of the office of treasurer of his majesty 's ordnance . The principal object which he proposed by this bill , was to afford the public that security for the due administration of their money , to which they were entitled , by making it a legislative provision that all balances remaining in the hands of the treasurer should be deposited in the bank of England . It was true that there existed an order given by the board of ordnance to that effect ; but it was desirable that the public should have better security than the mere act of any board , that the money which had been voted for particular purposes should be appropriated to those purposes , and to no others . As he was on the subject , he would take this opportunity of giving notice , that it was his intention to move for leave to bring in bills for enforcing similar regulations , and carrying into effect a similar principle , in the post office , excise office , custom house , & c. after bearing testimony to the measures which lord Chatham , whilst in office , was pursuing to the same effect , expressed his satisfaction at finding that the 234 same regulations were meant to be extended to all the public offices . He thought , however , that in the course of this arrangement , if the money accruing were , in all cases , to be deposited in the bank of England , it may be a proper consideration , whether there should not be increase of salary to the officers who heretofore had the benefit of holding sums of money for some time in their hands.—Leave was then