old military maxim , `` not to manœuvre too much in the face of '' an enemy ? '' and I must ask what part of our military establishment , what set of men with muskets in their hands , have not been taught , by the agitation of this question , to consider whether they exist in a proper shape , or whether they ought to exist at all ? The Volunteer is made to doubt whether he shall best serve his country by continuing with his corps , or by resigning ; the militia is taught 980 to look to its dissolution ; and the regular army finds that its lot arid condition become the subject of parliamentary discussion , — and this at a moment when every eye ought to be directed to the enemy , and every thought employed upon the means of effectually opposing him . [ hear ! hear ; ] —I must ask , sir , where is the excuse for a minister who brings forward such a question at such a time ? Perhaps he has the best authorities for it out of doors ; authorities so strung that he could no longer hesitate . He , however , withholds those authorities from us He tells us , indeed , that the balance of authorities is in favour of his proposition ; but this statement I must be allowed to doubt till I have an opportunity of comparing it with the fact I do not doubt of the rt . hon . gent 's own persuasion that he estimates and states this balance correctly ; but I doubt his judgment upon a point on which it is so evidently biassed . I have learnt something , however , of these authorities : some are for the measure with particular modifications ; some , for instance , are for it with the provision that the services should at all events be continued during the war ; some that the experiment shall not be begun in the time of war ; but I wish to learn whether any of these authorities are for the measure precisely as the rt . hon . gent . was proposed it ? Whether any of them are for it to its full extent , and under all circumstances ? I doubt very much if the rt . hon . gent . has more than one authority for it in this way , that of the hon . officer behind him ( colonel Craufurd ) , whom I am glad to see in his place , as I had heard it rumoured that he had accepted a situation in the rt . hon . gent 's . office , . which would have deprived this house of the benefit of his presence and advice . —If , then , there is nothing in the force of authorities out of this house that can have forced the rt . hon . gent . forward with this proposition has there been any thing in the discussion within this house peculiarly to incite him to bring it before us , at this time ? The rt . hon . gent . told us that Abe house will rind nothing in his plan but that is founded on principles which he has often stated here ; and he might have added , nothing but what the house had often negatived . [ a laugh . ] A motion was made for the repeal of the bill last year ; the house voted against it . The rt . hon . gent . himself moved for a committee to examine into the state of the army the house voted against this top ; and now he comes to the house , and says , `` I give you nothing but what you voted 981 `` against when I proposed it last year . Now I am a minister , to the right about presently , and vote for it . A mode of address certainly not very conciliatory , savouring a little of the tone of those governments where affairs are carried on without