company , who have been embarked for the several presidencies in India , item June 1793 , to the last embarkation , and of those who have returned to Great Britain , distinguishing each year . '' Ordered . moved , for an account of the quantity of specie and bullion which had been exported to the several presidencies in India , since the year 1797 ; and also an account of the bills of exchange drawn from those presidencies , distinguishing the amount to and from each presidency , and also each year . suggested to the consideration of the hon . gent . whether it would not be more regular to give notice of a motion of this nature , particularly in the thin state of the house ; because if , hereafter , there should he any objection to the production of such an account , another specific motion must be made to expunge the order . 1 he right hon . gent . thought it his duty to submit this remark to the hon . gent. , leaving it to his own discretion to determine upon what course to pursue.—In consequence of this suggestion , Mr. Paull gave notice of his motion for to-morrow . brought up the report of lady Nelson 's annuity bill , which was agreed to , and the bill was ordered to be read a third time to-morrow.—Upon the report of lord Collingwood 's annuity bill being brought up , Lord Castlereagh said , that as he was the person who presented his majesty 's message upon this subject , he thought it his duty to state , for the consideration of the house , certain circumstances which had come to the knowledge of the late admi- 164 nistration , since this message was recommended . These circumstances were of such a nature as strongly to urge the propriety of reconsidering the limitations contained in the bill before the house . Although he did not feel himself entitled to expect that any suggestion of his would be much attended to by his majesty 's present ministers , yet upon this occasion he could not suppose that the grounds upon which his suggestion rested , could fail to interest their consideration . According to the limitations in the bill before the house , the succession to the annuity was settled upon the two next male heirs of lord Collingwood . But it appeared that this noble lord had no male children , his family consisting merely , of lady Collingwood and two daughters ; who , in the event of that gallant officer 's death , were likely to be exposed to a state of distress , which , no doubt , it would be the most anxious wish of that house and the country to prevent . With a view then to guard against such consequences , and to afford an opportunity of arranging more suitable provision for the family of lord Collingwood , it was his wish to suspend the progress of this bill for some time . He therefore moved that the report be taken into consideration on this day sennight . who stated that he had long had the honour of being acquainted with lord Collingwood and his family , recommended that , instead of the limitations at present in the bill , it should be arranged thus ; that in case of the death of that meritorious officer , 1000l . a year of the proposed annuity should descend to his widow , and 500l . per year to each of his daughters , to be held by them during their lives . This plan would be infinitely more suitable than that which the bill contained , as lord Collingwood was not likely to have any more children ; and sure he was that it would be much more agreeable to the family of that noble lord , and of course to the feelings of that noble lord himself . It would serve to relieve much of that anxiety which must naturally arise in the breast of a parent who is daily exposed to death in his