done that which has great predecessor failed in accomplishing , on having bent the Ulyssean bow , which had foiled the strength of that mighty master ; let him consider a little whether the objects which they undertook to accomplish were precisely the same . Otherwise I imagine the comparison can not be fairly instituted , nor the merit of the rt . hon . gent . success , or rather the demerit of his failure , as compared with that of my late rt . hon . gent . friend , satisfactorily ascertained . My rt . hon . friend , like the rt . hon . gent . was desirous of maintaining and supplying a considerable regular army ; but he considered this as a task to be performed within certain limits , which the rt . hon . gent . disregards , —within the limits , of the British constitution . My rt . hon friend thought it his duty to raise as large an efficient military force as could be raised , without endangering the principles of our ancestors , and the liberties of the country . If he felt that he was the minister of a great empire , called upon to provide for its security , and to perfect its military system ; he felt also that he was the minister of a free government , and that in all his endeavours to that end , he must have respect to the rights , to the feelings , and to the habits of the people . If the rt . hon . gent . has been able to free himself from all those awkward embarrassing prejudices , and to get rid of the `` friction '' which they necessarily occasion , if he has persuaded himself that the only problem which he had to solve , was the raising a 999 great regular army , without reference to the dangers and the mischiefs to Which a great regular army is liable , —he certainly set himself a much easier ; task , though I do not think that he is much the nearer to the performance of it . That his plan for raising an army , simply and by itself considered , and granting him as the foundation of its success the destruction of every other force , and the disregard of every constitutinal principle : — that , even so it should succeed , is I think , utterly hopeless and incredible : —but if it was to succeed , what is it that we should gain ? what is to be the perfect produce of all the rt . hon . gent 's . plans , the ultimate object of all his wishes ? a large regular army to be sure , —but a regular army with all the civil disadvantages belonging to that constitution , but without its military perfection ; an army permanent in peace , but dissoluble in war ; with consistency enough to be formidable to liberty , but so fragile as to be liable to crumble under our feet in the hour of danger.—Such is not the military plan which would have contented my rt . hon . friend . I am persuaded it is not that which will content the house or the country . My rt . hon . friend could hear unmoved the repeated taunts of the rt . hon . gent.—for I would ask the rt . hon . gent . what term of reproach , what expression of contumely and contempt he has spared , what epithet of folly and fatuity he has not applied to my rt . hon . friend for the imputed failure of his plan of military improvement ? This failure was sufficient , in the rt . hon . gent 's contemplation , to counterbalance all the merits of my rt . hon . friend , all the services rendered to his country during an administration of 18 years , during 8 of which he had the advantage of the rt . hon . gent 's . co-operation ! I might now retaliate upon the rt