resolve itself into a committee of the whole house , on the said messages . —Lord Castlereagh gave notice , that he would on Monday move an address to his majesty , for the erection of a monument to tine memory of the late marquis Cornwallis . rose , to move for the production of certain papers referring to a subject which an hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) had thought proper to bring under the consideration of the house . These papers , the hon . gent . stated , were necessary fully to elucidate the different questions to which an hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) had alluded in the course of the last sessions . They referred principally to those treaties and transactions in India , upon which it was endeavoured to inculpate the character of the noble marquis ( Wellesley ) who lately presided over the government of that country . To repel the charges against that noble marquis , and to enable the house completely to understand , and satisfactorily to determine upon the whole of the transactions alluded to , the papers he meant to move for were essentially necessary . The hon . gent . concluded with moving for the production of `` extracts of the letters addressed by the governor-general in council on the 28th of August , 1786 , to the court of directors , on the subject of the troops employed by the nabob of Oude , & c. together with a copy of the answer of the directors to the said letter in the year 1787 . '' expressed his surprise and dissatisfaction that such delay should have occurred in bringing forward the papers which had been some time since ordered , pursuant to his motion , and wished to know from the hon . gent . why such delay had occurred ? replied , that , according to the terms of the orders alluded to , which left to the board of controul a discretion of considering which of the papers the hon . gent . moved for could be produced , consistently with the interest of the public service , that board had taken the subject into their serious consideration , and as soon as their decision could be formed , the orders of the house would be complied with . observed , that the papers he had moved for were so essential to the ends of justice , particularly with regard to the nabob of Oude , that he thought it incumbent on the board of controul to come forward and state the reasons why they declined to lay them before the house . begged the hon . gent . to recollect , that the papers he referred to had not been refused . moved also for the copies of several letters , addressed by the residents at the court of Oude , & c. to the governor-general in council ; the letters of governor Duncan , generals St. Vincent and Craig , & c. from the year 1785 to that of 1801 , together with the political letters of lord Cornwallis , to the court of directors , during the several years of his government in India.— These motions were agreed to . then mentioned , that as allusion had been frequently made elsewhere to a letter addressed by the court of directors to the governor-general and council of India , for the purpose of annulling the appointment of the hon . Henry Wellesley to the office of lieut . general of certain provinces which had been transferred to our dominion , he thought it necessary to say that no such letter had ever been sent out . Such a letter had , no doubt , been transmitted by the court of directors to the board of controul ; but that board had thought proper to refuse sending it to India , and returned it to the directors , accompanied by a letter containing the reasons of that refusal . Drafts of the original letter and the reply it was his wish to have laid before the house , in order