they do so ? Would the trial have less publicity at the bar of the house of lords than in the court of King 's Bench ? The privacy then was no objection . It was strange that they should now insist so much on publicity . A right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Tierney ) had asked , whether the argument against this solemn impeachment would not go to all cases ? Even if it had , that would not have deterred him from preferring the trial at the bar of the house of lords . He certainly valued the privilege of impeachment highly ; and this was the very reason why he wished it should be conducted in the least oppressive mode , as otherwise it would be in danger of falling into disuse . His hon , friend under the gallery , ( Mr. Bankes ) had been so impressed with the inconveniencies attending the trial of Mr. Hastings , that he had formed a resolution 552 to oppose the impeachments when any other course could be adopted . But at all events it was desirable we should have the benefits without the inconveniences of it . He then adverted to the great difference it would make in point of time ; and contended that the great object ought to be to remove from the mode of trial by impeachment every thing oppressive and embarrassing . to trouble the house only with a few words . But something which fell from the hon . and learned gent . who spoke last , induced him to trespass on their attention for a moment . That hon . and learned gent . had charged him , and those who agreed with him in thinking that lord Melville ought to be brought to trial , with inconsistency , in voting first for an impeachment , and then for a criminal information . They had done so undoubtedly ; but under what circumstances ? The house would keep in mind , that the question then was between them and those who opposed all criminal proceedings whatever , and who strained every nerve in order to prevent any sort of trial . He had then stated the reasons which induced him to act as he had done . But as the hon . and learned gent . had thought proper to say nothing about them , and possibly might have forgot them , he would state them again . If the pure question had been whether there was to be an impeachment , or a criminal information ? he would have preferred an impeachment . But when he saw that the motion for an impeachment was lost by a majority , hollow as it was , he had no alternative but to adopt a less eligible , mode of proceeding , rather than have none at all . But how was that majority procured ? Why ; by the union of two parties , one of which endeavoured to stop all proceedings . The two gentlemen , relations of lord Melville , who brought forward and supported this proposition , were certainly justifiable in what they did . Nobody could be more alive to the sympathy of relationship , or of friendship , than he was ; but at the same time he must say , that they were not exactly the persons whose directions were to be followed in this instance . How did the case stand ? A motion was made for a criminal information , and at the time it was pretty plainly insinuated that this was the mode which , on account of the comparative smallness of the expence , the accused would prefer ; but afterwards it appeared that lord Melville , upon re-consideration , with all the disadvantage of the additional exnence , preferred the mode of impeachment , But was 553 it ever said or insinuated that the impeachment was not to be conducted in the most solemn manner ? Not an idea was entertained that the trial would not be allowed to proceed in the way best calculated to answer the ends