opportunity of knowing and appreciating the integrity and worth of that noble lord , , but it was for the general satisfaction of the nation at large , that he thought that the chief justice ought not to have a seat in the Cabinet . He utterly disowned and disclaimed every idea of the appointment being either illegal or unconstitutional , but still he thought the inexpediency of it so great , that he hoped when the noble lord reflected on it , he would not himself wish to retain his seat in the Cabinet . When he himself had often been consulted in examinations about sedition and treason , he should have felt that it would not be proper for him to sit as judge to try those persons whose prosecutions he might have advised . It might be said , that it might be so arranged , that either the chief justice should not attend the Cabinet when questions were to be agitated which might afterwards come before him for trial , or , if he had attended it , he might stay away from the court of King 's Bench , and leave the trial to others . When he was appointed a Cabinet minister , it however , became his duty to attend , and it was a duty still stronger for him to attend his court , for the subjects of this land had a right to the assistance of the lord chief justice in the administration of justice . Although in the prosecutions he had before alluded to , the offences were not against any particular administration or government , but went to overturn all government , yet he might suppose a case , where the Cabinet council might think it proper to prosecute some libel against the government , or , in plain English , against the measures of the persons composing the administration . Were such a case to occur , he did not think it possible that the parties accused could be satisfied of the fairness of their trial , if the judge who was to try them was a member of that Cabinet which had ordered the prosecution . The question was not , whether those who knew the noble lord , as he did , would not feel a perfect security in his integrity ; it was , whether the people at large would feel themselves as safe as if precedents and analogies had been followed . It might be said , that lord chief justice Eyre had tried those persons upon whose case he had been pre- 265 viously informed and consulted : he by no means considered that as among the most honourable parts of the life of lord chief justice Eyre . He had himself been connected with lord Ellenborough for near thirty years , by the sincerest friendship , and if even he could suppose that this personal friendship could be at all weakened by any thing which he had said that night , he still felt himself so strongly impelled by a sense of duty , that he could not avoid stating his sentiments . He thought the inexpediency was so great and so striking , that he felt it his duty to state it . Had he been in the situation of lord chief justice , and been offered a seat in the Cabinet , he should , probably , have accepted of it , but when he should have heard the objections that had been now urged , he would have resigned it . He thought that the best way of disposing of the question was , to leave it to the consideration of the noble lord himself , and he was convinced the result would be more satisfactory both to his own feelings and to those of the public . observed , that a new sensation of alarm , which had slept for a hundred years , now began to shew itself , as if with a view to lower the new administration in the eyes of the people , to disturb that public confidence which was placed in men of