practice for chief justices to attend on such occasions . Two or three precedents occurred to him at the moment ; one in the year 1746 , when lord chief justice Lee attended at the examination taken against several persons who were concerned in the rebellion of the preceding year , and who were afterwards tried for such offences . In the year 1780 , also , lord Loughborough , then chief justice of the court of Common Pleas , attended in a similar manner upon the examinations respecting several persons concerned in the riots of that year . At a still later period , lord chief justice Eyre attended the council , on the examination against the persons who were afterwards , as it was well known , tried before the same judge . All these authorities were , he conceived , amply sufficient to establish that the measure complained of relative to the present chief justice of the court of King 's Bench , was fully sanctioned by the usage and practice of the constitution . Fortined in this position , he could not yield to the general theo- 263 ries of Montesquieu , which , if they applied at all to the subject , applied in a much more general way than the noble lord could wish to extend his ideas upon the subject , neither could he consent to vote an abstract proposition , which could answer no useful purpose , nor be productive of any practical good . on entering into the consideration of this question , disclaimed the idea that it was a question respecting any individual , or any administration . considered it as a question of much superior importance , as relating to the administration of justice in this country . He felt the highest respect and veneration for the noble and learned lord ( Ellenborough ) , and it would give him the greatest pain if it were supposed , that the observations he should make proceeded from any personal disrespect ; so far from it , it was in order to express his respect for that noble and learned lord , that he was induced to attend upon this occasion . He did not mean to contend , nor could he hear it argued , that the appointment of that noble lord to a seat in the Cabinet was illegal . It certainly was not illegal . Neither would he say , that it was unconstitutional : but he rose to state , that , although the appointment was not contrary to the law or the constitution , yet that there existed reasons which made it unadvisable or inexpedient . The reasons which weighed upon his mind were of a delicate nature . It was not enough that the administration of justice should be perfectly free and uninfluenced by government ; it was not enough that it should be pure ; but it should also be beyond the reach of suspicion , and so exercised , as to give perfect satisfaction to all his majesty 's subjects . There were many analogies and precedents against the uniting the functions of chief justice with a seat in the Cabinet . Although , in order to shew that it had been before united , the solitary instance of lord Mansfield might be urged , yet it must also be recollected how extremely unpopular that noble and eminent person became after he had united those stations , and how that unpopularity hung to him for the greater part of his life . Perhaps it was an ill-founded jealousy which existed in the minds of the public , but still it was sufficient to weaken the confidence they ought to place in the judicial character . For his part , he was so well acquainted with the noble and learned lord , that he felt personally the utmost 264 confidence that it would not , in any degree , affect the purity of the administration of justice , if lord Ellenborough had a seat in the Cabinet . It was not for his satisfaction , or for the satisfaction of those who had an