course now pursuing in that quarter . He was glad , however , now to have the . doubts which naturally rose out of the difference alluded to , completely removed by a declared change of sentiment . observed upon the logic and the prudence evinced by the last speaker . His logic , he thought , by no means just , and his prudence was certainly not laudable . For as to his logic , it did not follow that because gentlemen thought proper to adopt a certain line of policy , 401 under certain circumstances , they would be subject to the imputation of inconsistency in pursuing a different line where those circumstances had undergone a material change ; and as to the hon . gent . 's prudeuce , it surely was not laudable to press the charge of inconsistency upon any men who might shew a disposition to abandon opinions which the hon . gent . himself pronounced erroneous , and to adopt those which he professed to consider correctly right.—The several papers moved for were ordered to be laid before the house . The house resolved itself into a committee on the bill for Declaring , the Law with respect to Witnesses being liable to answer . in order that there might be no doubt as to the security of witnesses against being compelled to answer any question , the answering of which might subject them to penalty or forfeiture , proposed to insert the words `` any penalty or forfeiture of what nature soever , '' instead of the mere words `` penalty or forfeiture . '' rose , and expressed his disapprobation of the bill before the committee , as a declaratory act . He expressed his hope , that , by subsequent legislative provisions , should the present bill be passed , his noble friend would guard against the mischiefs which might arise from such a measure . On this ground , however , he could not avoid coming forward and objecting to the bill as it then stood , and endeavouring to induce their lordships to divest it of its declaratory character . He was hostile to the principle of bills of that description ; which , he thought , should never be passed by the legislature , except in very extreme cases . The occasion which he alluded to was , for instance , a violation of a principle of the constitution , such a case as was referred to in the preamble of the bill of rights , & c. ; and such was the case of the excellent bill declaratory of the law respecting libels , proposed by a right hon . member of the other house of parliament . On that occasion , his noble and learned friend near him , ( the chancellor ) , deserved the thanks of the country ; he did not mean for his conduct with respect to the bill alluded to , but for what he had so nobly done to assert and to uphold the constitutional powers of juries . Except on Some great occasion of the kind , he never 402 approved of a declaratory bill . It was an engine by which a great deal of mischief might be done ; through it the law of the land might be overturned , by its declaring that to be law , which was not law . The noble earl , in adverting , as an hypothetical case , to the return of members of parliament , through the influence of wealthy or powerful individuals , recited the anecdote of a late noble lord , who obtained the place he wished for , from the then prime minister , by threatening him , in case of a refusal , with the defection of his own support in one house , and that of his friends in the other . His brief and pithy answers to the arguments and representations of the minister , were , `` There are seven of us ! There are seven of us ! Remember , there are seven of us ! '' Continuing his observations