treated.—In points of a political and financial nature , the court have often differed with the board ; but , having done their duty in stating their sentiments , they have commonly yielded to the authority which the law has placed over them . I have no objection to an investigation into the conduct of the directors ; and I am a friend to sober enquiry respecting the application of the company 's property ; but no advantages can result from such exaggerated statements as the hon . gent . who has made this motion brings forward . In asserting the misapplication of 20 millions of the public money , he is totally unfounded . He will not be able to show the misapplication of one million , nor of a single pound . The debt of the company is undoubtedly a subject of very serious concern ; but it has , contrary to the hon . mover 's assertion , been enhanced chiefly by the wars which have existed in Europe and India , and the military expeditions fitted out in the latter country by order of his majesty 's government , for the expence of which the company have been very imperfectly paid . The debt has rapidly increased within these few last years ; it is now above 27 millions , and way be near 30 ; notwithstanding which , part of the expense of the recent wars in India has been defrayed , as already notice , by money sent from Europe ; and , unless the expences there are materially reduced , the exigencies of India will continue to require supplies from this country : if , above all , the debt goes on increasing , it may be attended with the most serious consequences to the company and to the country at large . The company are , however , not to blame in this , nor the administration at home . The late wars were commenced so suddenly , that there wan not time for any instructions from home . I deeply lament the state of our affairs abroad , and the system of policy that has brought the company 's affairs into such a state ; but on this subject it is not my purpose now to enlarge.—I have 214 heard something , sir , of an intention to move for a select committee , to enquire into the rise of the company 's debt . I conceive no committee can be necessary for any such purpose . The company 's accounts will clearly furnish the information wanted , without the labours of a committee . The gradual progress of the debt , and the means by which it has been incurred , can be distinctly shewn to this house ; and indeed the accounts annually laid before parliament are sufficient for the purpose . I must , moreover , deprecate the manner in which the hon . mover announces his opinions and enquiries to the house and to the public ; a manner calculated to do mischief both abroad and at home ; to excite suspicions and apprehensions in the public mind , which may even affect the credit of his majesty 's government , and unsettle the minds of people in India , who may be doubtful with what designs , and to what extent , such enquiries may be prosecuted ; because , instead of confining the enquiry to the subject directly avowed ( to investigate which , if sufficient reasons are assigned , there can be no objection ) , the researches may be consequently carried into many other subjects , concerning which nothing has been before said , and pursued with views riot beneficial to the public . For these reasons , I think , all such enquiries into India affairs , unless evidently necessary , and especially undefined enquiries by committees , ought to be avoided . Sir , I did never say , that the mode , now established by law , for governing India , ought at this moment to be changed ; no , nor one word to that effect . I said