, in my opinion , is strong in itself , and irresistible on its own mere principle . If any man thinks it wants illustration , let him apply it to the case of an impeachment . But first let him call to mind what an impeachment is , in its true parliamentary sense . I say that the capacity of this house to impeach any man , whom they think guilty of high crimes and misdemeanours , is the right hand of the house of commons , and the most powerful weapon placed in that hand by the constitution of this kingdom , for the defence of all our own rights and privileges in the first instance , and ultimately for the protection of the people . In the ancient parliamentary language of this house , I say that an impeachment is virtually the voice of every particular subject of this kingdom , crying out against air oppression , by which every member of that body is equally wounded . * We can not abdicate this right even for ourselves , without ceasing to be a house of commons ; much less can we abandon the duties attached to the right , without breach of trust to our constituents and to all the commons of the kingdom . Now , sir , of what avail is it to impeach , if the evidence can he withheld from us , or garbled or selected for us ? and that perhaps by the very persons , who are the objects of the prosecution , or by others intimately connected with them in relation , in friendship , or by office , perhaps by their associates , and possibly by their accomplices ? These are some only of the consequences , to which * See Journals of tire House of Commons , 26th May 1679 . 495 the present motion , if it should now be made a precedent , is liable . If , with the conviction I feel on the whole of the question , I did not oppose it to the utmost of my power , I should deserve to pass , for one of the meanest and basest of mankind , and I should know that I deserved it . I therefore declare that I shall take the sense of the house on the question , if the right hon . gent . should persist in pressing it . Nay , I shall not stop there . If the question should be carried , I will take the earliest opportunity , and the most effectual course I can , to bring it again under the consideration of the house . said , he had considered his motion so much a matter of course , that if he had in his contemplation any possible objection to it , he should have intruded on the house by stating the grounds on which he made it . It was not the present Board of Controul that made the precedent . They found it , and in a motion made by the hon . gent . himself last session . The hon . member had done him the justice to allow that he had no improper motive in making this motion . He thanked him for his good opinion , and hoped , that on this occasion he had acted under the influence of no improper bias . But even supposing this were the case , and that from attachment to the noble marquis he should be anxious to keep back any information from the house , could , he be supposed possessed of that influence necessary to succeed in such a hopeless attempt ? Could he be supposed to have influence enough with all the members of the board , to be able to keep back , evidence , from such motives and on so flimsy a pretext ? The conduct of the board , in the whole of this business , had shewn their sentiments to be very different . They had not refused a single paper that had been asked . But , however willing the board might be