and nothing short of it could answer any good purpose . said a few words expressive of his determination to lay before the house to-morrow , criminating charges against the marquis of Wellesley ; and also of his surprise that Mr. Fox should not have supported the motion of the noble lord tonight , instead of moving the previous question upon it . was desirous of explaining the reason for his vote on this occasion , which should be for the previous question moved by his right hon . friend . With his noble friend who opened this debate , he had the happiness to concur on general and great constitutional principles ; and he trusted he should long have that happiness uninterrupted by casual differences upon minor points . He thought it important to the public , that the paper now called for should , at some time or other , be introduced , and in voting for the previous question he should be sorry that any one should conceive him to alter his opinion on the subject of the publicity of all sorts of necessary documents for the information of the house . All he conceived to be the effect of the previous question was this , that the production of the paper moved for at this particular moment should be suspended until the accusation against the noble marquis should be disposed of one way or the other , that accusation being of a criminating nature , and the authority of this paper could not be made use of in the house in voting on that accusation . This paper contained the opinion of certain individuals on the conduct of that noble lord , and was a necessary piece of information for the house some time or other ; but not so at present , for it was an authority which it would be unjust for the house to weigh when considering the conduct of the noble marquis . The house would form its judgment of that noble marquis from his actions , and not from the opinion of others . Although the house might hereafter possess itself of the information which the paper contained , the house , in voting for the previous question now , only suspended the production of the paper until the pending accusation against the noble marquis should be disposed of one way or other , and then the paper might very properly be called for in order to the general discussion of India affairs . said , he had so great a sense of the importance of the paper that he would vote for the production of it even under the present circumstances , if it 826 could not be more properly produced at another time . The difficulties ministers had to contend with at present , were so great , that he was sorry to see their attention distracted by any Indian questions . When a virtual censure had been passed on lord Wellesley 's administration by sending out the late noble governor , whom all lamented , to establish a contrary system ; and when a noble lord , in whom there was every reason to confide , was about to be sent out to confirm the amended system , he thought the proposed investigation unnecessary and unwise . When investigation was once entered upon , there would be no end to it . There must be a general revisal . He was astonished that 29 out of 30 directors , had sat still when their opinions were so broadly departed from ; that they submitted to sign a garbled and mutilated abstract of that opinion , and that they remained a whole year without coming to the house to remonstrate , under an insult that must have been most galling to their feelings . strenuously supported the original motion for the production of the dispatch in question , as a necessary piece of information . He did not think it wise to depend much on the personal character and qualities of individuals in the conduct of public affairs , although he had no exceptions to take to those who