marquis Wellesley to deliver his answer in his place , than for him to read the letter which he had received from the noble marquis . in pursuance of the order 23 of last session , respecting the delivery of his answer to the articles , of impeachment exhibited against him by the commons , on the second day of this session , entered the house , and presented his answer at the table , which was forthwith read by the clerk . The averment stated in substance , that `` he was in no way guilty of all or any of the articles of impeachment , exhibited by the commons , and which he was ready to prove on a proper opportunity being afforded him by their lordships ' right hon . house . '' A copy of the said answer was , on the motion of lord Walsingham , ordered to be communicated by message to the commons ; and also that a sufficient number of copies be printed for the use of their lordships . It was also ordered , that Messrs. Plumer , Adam , and Hopkins , be assigned as counsel to lord Melville , for conducting his defence . A committee was likewise , on the motion of lord Walsingham , appointed to enquire into and report precedents of cases of Impeachments for crimes and misdemeanours . presented a petition from the debtors confined in the gaol of the county of Oxford , praying relief.—Sir W. Geary presented a petition from the debtors confined in the gaol of Maidstone.—Admiral Berkeley presented a petition from the debtors confined in the gaol of the county of Gloucester ; and admiral Hervey , one from those confined in the gaol of Chelmsford ; which were ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Ellison presented a petition from the maltsters of Boston , in Lincolnshire , praying certain regulations respecting the malt duty , which would be equally productive to the revenue , and relieve them from certain hardships to which they are at present subject . Ordered to lie on the table.— Mr. W. Dickenson , from the admiralty , presented the several papers moved for towards the close of last session by Mr. Jeffery , and admiral Markham , relating to ships of war , during the presidency of earl St. Vincent at the board of admiralty . Ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed.—Lord F. Spencer , from the committee appointed to prepare the address in reply to his majesty 's most gracious speech to both houses of parliament , pre- 24 sented their report at the bar . The report was brought up , and the address read a first and second time , and agreed to . It was then ordered , on the motion of lord Castlereagh that it be presented by the whole house , and that such members of the house , as were of his majesty 's privy council should wait on his majesty , to know when his majesty would be graciously pleased to be waited upon therewith.— Mr. Sheridan moved , that there be laid before the house , a return of the number of effective men that had been raised under the act of the 44th of his majesty , intitled an act for raising a permanent additional force , up to the period of the last return , together with an account of the number that have been recruited per week , distinguishing those that have been raised by parish officers . Also , the number of those that have volunteered from this force for general service . Ordered . Similar returns were also ordered , on the motion of Mr. Sheridan , for Scotland and Ireland.—Mr . H Thornton presented a petition from G. B. Mainwaring , and several Freeholders of the county of Middlesex , complaining of the return of sir Francis Burdett , bart . to serve in parliament for that county . The hon . member reminded the house of the circumstances under which the consideration of a similar petition had been deferred from the last to