urging a tittle in his defence against such allegations . He would put it to their lordships , and appeal to the whole house , whether it were fit that partial publications of the proceedings should go abroad in that manner ? —The motion being read from the woolsack , according to his conception of the motion , as he heard it read , thought such an order would go to the prohibition of the trial being published altogether , even after its conclusion ; which , he seemed to think , could not be what was intended . He , however , highly approved of the principle upon which the prohibition proceeded , and he lamented the partial publication of trials , as frequently practised with respect to the courts below . He was sorry to say , that he was old enough to have 928 seen , in his time , much mischief result from that practice ; and he particularly alluded to the case of the last impeachment . He therefore approved of what was now proposed ; it would prohibit a practice which might afford grounds for a person to be deemed guilty , when , in point of fact , after hearing the whole of the case , their lordships ' judgment might be such as to establish the innocence of the party . expressed his acquiscence in the principle laid down by his noble and learned friend ; but as he conceived the effect of the motion would be to prohibit the publication of the trial altogether , he thought some words should be introduced therein , to limit the order to a prohibition during the continuance of the trial . explained , that it might be owing to his mistake in reading the motion , that the noble lords were led into such a supposition . There were words in the motion to meet the idea adverted to , and he thought it absolutely necessary to the honour and justice of the house , that such a notice should be given . said a few further words on the occasion , and adverted to the impracticability of preventing that which should transpire on the trial from going forth.—The question was then put , and the motion agreed to by their lordships , and ordered accordingly.—The report of the committee appointed to regulate the ceremonial of the trial was then taken into farther consideration . The duke of Norfolk , lords Spencer and Hawkesbury , were the principal speakers , In respect to the delivery of tickets to the different peers of parliament for admission at Westminster-hall , it was finally agreed that the regulation adopted in former cases of impeachment should be adhered to.— On the motion of lord Eldon , that part of the report which regulated the manner of giving judgment , was postponed for consideration till a future day . The Speaker stated , that to-morrow , being appointed for the trial by impeachment of lord viscount Melville , he purposed being at the house precisely at ten o'clock ; and , if the attendance of the members allowed him to take the chair at a quarter past ten , he should then give orders to the proper officers to 929 clear the passages , and to summon the members . At half past ten , the managers of the impeachment would go forth and take their places at the bar . The members would then be called over by counties , and proceed accordingly . brought up the report of the committee of supply , for granting additional pay to the navy . On the question being put , that the resolution be read a 2d time , rose , not to oppose the resolution , but , as the noble lord who had brought this question before the house had expressed his readiness to listen with attention to whatever should be said on the subject , to propose some considerations by way of amendment to this measure . He approved of the intention on the part of the noble lord to ameliorate the situation of those employed in