of Treasurer of the Ordnance . The order being read , the noble lord explained the objects of this bill : first , that the house might have under its view a correct regulation in the mode of expenditure for such sums of the public money as it should think proper to vote for this branch of the public service ; and , secondly , for securing the responsibility of the public officer charged with the disbursement of such expenditure ; and to prevent , as far as possible , the misapplication of money entrusted to his charge . If the bill , in its present form , should be liable to any objections , he was ready to attend to the suggestions of gentlemen , and to avail himself of their assistance , so far as he thought really conducive to the objects of the bill ; and he should have no objection , if necessary , to re-commit the bill for a future day.—The house having resolved into a committee , said , he had a number of suggestions to propose for the adoption of the committee in amendment of this bill , which was utterly inadequate to the purposes for which it was avowed . Most of those suggestions had the approbation of the noble lord himself , upon whom he had felt it his duty to wait , and to mention his objections to the bill ; for it was 528 his wish , really and sincerely , to communicate such suggestions to the noble lord as had appeared to him from experience absolutely necessary to give effect to the objects of a bill , the principle of which he very much approved . The hon . gent . now entered into a detail of the official routine in the department of Treasurer of the Ordnance , through which monies had hitherto issued , and under which the treasurer not only was enabled , but usually , and he believed uniformly , did make use of large balances of the public money remaining at his disposal , owing to his being enabled to draw for a full quarter 's amount of the chief expenditure , a quarter of a year before it was ultimately payable to the claimants . Having suggested an arrangement by which this application might in future be completely prevented , he shewed the impossibility of disbursing , by drafts on the bank , very large sums of money which were payable weekly and individually to working gun-smiths , armourers , and other labourers in the tower , for which purpose it would be absolutely necessary that some balance must remain in the treasurer 's hands . But one very principal omission he remarked in the bill was , that , although a large sum was voted for ordnance services in Ireland , the word Ireland never so much as once appeared in the bill . To remove these several defects , he read the amendments which he proposed , and strongly recommended that no alteration with respect to Ireland might take place , as he understood was intended , in the ordnance establishment of that country , which he could assure the committee , and the noble lord , was established on a most correct and effectual system of economy , for the advantage of the public service : he said , that a plan of regulation , similar to the present bill , was in the contemplation of the noble lord late at the head of the ordnance . acknowledged the attention paid by the hon . gent . upon a subject to which he was so eminently competent , and approved the amendment he suggested . But with respect to Ireland , the only reason why nothing was mentioned in the bill with regard to it was , that an arrangement was in contemplation , calculated to give the noble duke who , happily for that country , now presided over its government , a more effectual controul over the expenditure of the ordnance department there . said , that for a considerable time before the disease of his late