the 27th of Feb. 1720 , an unit was published , forbidding any person to keep by them more than 500 livres in coin , ( or 20 sterling . ) This was plainly annulling the obligation in the bank paper , to pay to the bearer , on demand , the sum specified , in silver coin . On the 22d of May , a man might have starved with a . 100 millions of paper in his pocket . '' Stewart 's Political ( Economy , 608 what coin are you paid for it ? In notes of one kind or other , public or private , no matter which . These notes are value received to-day , and may be worth nothing to-morrow ; literally nothing . Between the Property Tax invading us on one side , and the circulation of paper , not convertible into specie , on the other , does any man know what he is worth , or that he is worth any thing ? But the power of parliament has interposed to protect the Bank of England from making good the fundamental conditions , on which they originally obtained , and , until the year 1797 , held their charter . I know it . The legislature acquits them of their daily promise , still expressed in their notes , to pay so many pounds sterling on demand ; unless the promise be performed by the exchange of one piece of paper for another . I know it is an act of power ; which can not be resisted . But is it an act of justice ? Is the legislature of this country , or of any country , competent to deprive a real creditor , who has lent or sold a real property , of all remedy against the borrower or the buyer , if he will not accept of an imaginary payment in paper ? If the sovereignty of government were vested in a single person , and the same act were done by that person , by what name should we describe him ? But the nature of injustice is not altered , much less is it mended , by the numbers who concur in it . This overflow of paper , in universal circulation , has another very mischievous and universal effect . It operates like a tax , grinding the community without benefit to government , by raising the price or nominal value of every thing saleable in every transaction between man and man . I say you must stop the progress of these enormous evils . In a considerable degree , they spring from one cause , and they admit of but one remedy . Oblige the Bank of England to revert to their principles , to make good their charter , and to pay their promisory notes in specie . I do not confide in general descriptions of national prosperity . In spite of all that can be stated of a rich flourishing country , the disappearance of specie is a symptom of real decay ; and there is a second , full as formidable as the first . I mean the amount of the poor-rates . What are we to think of the circumstances and prospects of a little kingdom , in which six millions sterling are annually raised for the support of the poor , who live by contribution , because they can not subsist , as they ought to do , by 609 labour ? Will no man look forward to the consequences ? They are not far off . Will no man help to save the country ? or is it to be admitted that , in this state of things , we have nothing to fear , but from the possible success of an impossible invasion ? I fit be true , that we still have plenty of wealth , and abundance of resources , a remedy for some of the evils I have stated , is now within reach , and ought to be applied . Let the bank resume their payments in specie . The exportation of