the lower orders , as a trade as beneficial in itself as others , and more respectable than many . Under the present circumstances , I can not think of putting the Army on such a footing as would attract numbers by ordinary recruiting , but , in my opinion , the Army may be increased , and a quantum sufficit of men procured without much difficulty . With these observations , I leave this , which is the most material part of the subject.— ( here Mr. Yorke asked , what was to be done with the present Army ? ) On a subject so complicated , one is apt to forget many things . It is asked , what I mean to do with the Army now existing ? To this I answer , that in strict justice and in equity we can do nothing . The men who have already formed the regular service , have done so on certain conditions , and can have no ground of complaint , provided those conditions are fulfilled . We see men entering into the army of reserve , without producing any discontent or desertion in the troops of the line though the 674 service of the former is limited , and their bounties are excessively high.—It might be supposed , that the regular army would expect similar advantages , or be dissatisfied , yet we know that no envy or discontent prevails on that account . In the American war , the Fencible regiments received higher bounties for limited service , than others did for unlimited , and yet there was no complaint on the part of the latter . The same case occurs in every war , and as no discontent has ever been shown on this more obvious ground , it is not to be expected that any will be shewn with regard to the different length of the term of service . But though in justice and in equity the Army now in existence is entitled to no additional advantages , yet it may be , no doubt , expedient to extend to it some of the benefits of these changes . And first , I propose to make a great increase in the Chelsea allowance , to which I mean to make an immediate and considerable augmentation : The lowest class of pensioners to be entitled to 6d . the next 9d . and the third to 1s . per day . This advance I should wish to take place immediately ; from motives as well of just consideration of past services , as of policy to give immediate effect to the influence of the example . It will demonstrate to the men the concern which the country takes in their welfare , and will hold out an inducement for others to embark in the military profession . If this be done , and in my opinion , it ought to be done immediately , every man in the Army will see that he has a chance , however distant the period , of partaking in what the bounty of the nation has provided for its defenders , when they shall have merited the rewards from their long services . No man of those now in the service will be entitled to his release till after the expiration of 21 years ; but all those who have now served 7 years and less than 14 , will be immediately put upon the list of the 6d . a week additional pay ; and all those who have served 14 years and upwards , will be entitled to 1s . a week additional pay . This is all that I shall do with regard to the Army which already exists ; and it is to be regarded as a liberal boon , to which they could have no right by the conditions of their engagement.—Having answered the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) as to the Army now in existence , I shall next proceed to that great branch of political science which circumstances , and the nature of the times have forced