was considerable , but had no difficulty in saying that a great part of that expence was such as could not recur again , and therefore could form no reason at present in support of a measure that was calculated to disband a consider able part of that body , and to disgust the whole . There were , in fact , many heads of service upon which the expence might saved altogether , without at all working 842 any diminution of the number or efficiency of the volunteers . This would appear when the paper , for which he meant to move , should be produced , and he was , of course , as a friend to the volunteer system , desirous that it should be laid before the house . He should be also desirous to have an estimate brought forward of the expence likely to arise from the compulsory training of the people . If such an estimate could not now be obtained , he should of course , defer any application for it . But , he would feel much satisfaction if it could be produced , because parliament and the country would then have an opportunity of comparing at once the expence , and the services also , that were to be looked for from the two systems , and of examining their comparative value . If the expence of the two should prove to be equal , it would be for the house to consider , whether the proposed change should take place ? Whether Englishmen , who voluntarily stood forward in the hour of peril , should be disbanded , to make room for a reluctant , constrained levy ? It was the first time that such a proposition had been made in this country , and it required but a little consideration indeed , to estimate the difference between the two kinds of service . Sure he was , that parliament could hardly be persuaded to adopt a measure of forcibly training , particularly where they felt it to be unnecessary , and if they felt it to be unnecessary , they must feel it to be unconstitutional . For whatever he might think of the right of the state to call upon the population of the country to arm in its defence ; however he might conceive the prerogative of the crown entitled to summon the whole people together , and he remembered to have carried that doctrine further than the right hon . gent. , still he always felt the right and exercise of the prerogative to depend on the pressure of the necessity . But he could not imagine the degree or nature of the necessity , which could justify the compulsory levy of 200,000 men , in preference to the employment of 300,000 able , well-disciplined volunteers . Whether such a measure should be taken , it would be for parliament to determine ; but , in order that it should be enabled to determine justly , he though the fullest enquiry should be made . Having said so much as to the object of his motion , the hon . gent . proceeded to comment on some late proceedings out of doors upon this subject . The volunteers formed , he 843 was well aware , rather a delicate question at present . Considerable agitation and ferment prevailed abroad respecting it , and nothing could be farther from his wish , in introducing this motion , than to increase in any degree a ferment of that nature , the existence of which every thinking man must regret . It would , therefore , be a great misconception of his object , to suppose that by this motion he meant to encourage any disposition to discontent among the volunteers . He should most sincerely deprecate any thing that could contribute to such an effect . Indeed it was seriously to be deplored , that the volunteers , or any other description of persons , should take up any impression from the mere proposition of a measure in parliament , as to what parliament was likely to do