against a declaratory bill , he stated , that an actual majority of the great lawyers of the country were of such an opinion as to explode the necessity of such a bill as the present . He adverted to some opinions given by the late lord Mansfield , and among these , the case which gave rise to that recorded observation of his lordship , to the then Mr. Dunning : `` if that be law , I 'll burn my books . `` He adverted to the established compellability of pawnbrokers to give evidence , and adduced some reasons why horse-dealers should be considered in the same light . He liked not the idea of the present bill passing , to the imminent risk of that which he proposed ; but , with a view of so far obviating the inconvenience to be apprehended , it would be better to pass his bill in the first instance . He adverted to some further cases , which , he conceived , tended to shew the probable inconveniences of passing such a bill as the present . He was , he observed , very stout in his opinions upon those points ; he had read more acts of parliament than perhaps most lawyers , having perused all those from Magna Charta down to about fifteen years back . His lordship , towards the conclusion of his address , adverted to some farther cases ; by one of which , stating it hypothetically , from the contingency of technical incorrectness in his answer , an individual might be destituted of his means support . He repeated his hope , that the inconveniences which might arise from such a construction in the law , would be guarded against by adequate legislative provisions . observed , it would be better , had his noble friend postponed 403 the discussion of his own bill , until it came regularly before the house ; as to that he conceived the greater part of his observations to have applied . He did not altogether approve , on such an occasion as the present , of his noble friend referring to the authorities of dead judges , as well as the living ; as , in all cases of the kind , the law must be decided by the actual judges of the time . There were cases in forensic practice , in which a counsel might , allowably , fortify his opinions by a reference to those of former judges ; but , on such an occasion , a poll of defunct , as well as living luminaries of the law , so as to outnumber those of the living , who might be of a contrary opinion , was a doctrine to which he could not submit . Such proceedings would tend eventually to interfere with the judicial functions of that house . A proposition , that the law was so taken from the very beginning of the British constitution , to the present moment , was what he had never heard of . The law was to be taken , from the mouths of those appointed to deliver it ; but a poll in the way his noble friend appeared inclined to adopt , would be as objectionable as a poll of departed peers , with respect to decisions in that house . Adverting to the objections against the bill itself , he observed , that in such a case as it applied to , a declaratory act was more peculiarly necessary , that is , where doubts existed ; as , if such did not exist , there would be no necessity of declaring what the law was . shortly spoke in explanation . He then adverted to the language of the bill , with respect to the term `` lords spiritual and temporal . '' These descriptions , his lordship seemed to think , ought to be reversed , not only in the present , but in future bills , inasmuch as lords temporal , meaning princes of the blood , members of that house , had precedency of the very foremost