the parish officers of the county , and to call upon them to execute the act . But the answer of the lord lieut . very properly was to this requisition , that he had no power to call the parish officers together , or to enforce the execution of the act . And in point of fact , no such power did or does exist . From this instance it would be seen what provisions the authors of this law had made for its enforcement , and what knowledge they must have possessed of the details necessary to the promotion of that object—After a few words from lord Stanley , generals Norton and Mr. Golding , the house divided on Mr. Canning 's amendment , Ayes 235 , Noes 119 , Majority 116 . Before strangers were re-admitted , a conversation commenced on the future progress of the hill . It appeared that Mr. Windham had enquired on what day it would be convenient for the gentlemen on the opposite side to go into the committee ? expressed his determination to oppose the bill in every stage of it . He felt it to be his duty to embrace every opportunity of discussing the new military philosophy proposed by the rt . hon . gent . He would not go into the question at so late an hour . As to the manner in which it was argued by his rt . hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) , he was persuaded a very large proportion of 1017 the members present would agree with him that it was the only way in which it should be argued . said , he thought he now understood the rt . hon . gent . ( alluding , we understand , to something said by Mr. Canning , while strangers were excluded ) . Every man to be sure , might choose his own way of discussing a proposition , so those who opposed the bill brought in by his rt . hon . friend might wish to avoid entering into the merits or defects of the act it was intended to repeal ; but , for his part , he would not discuss other measures while a particular bill was under consideration . He was not indeed surprised that they should abandon the defence of their favourite Additional Force act , and endeavour to fasten upon the other parts of the plan proposed by his rt . hon . friend . The rt . hon . gent . ( Mr . Calming ) had displayed no little share of dexterity in evading tile discussion of the only question which was before the house . He would admit that his speech was a most able one , but still it appeared to him to have one defect , and that was , that no part of it was directed to the consideration of the act it was proposed to repeal . He would be as ready to meet the rt . hon . gent . on that subject , as he would on the other parts of the plan , when they should be regularly submitted to the house . could not conceive why the rt . hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) should think it extraordinary that the system which he produced in an elaborate speech of 4 hours should be discussed . For what purpose did he bring it forward , if it was not intended that it should be considered by every man in the country ? Was a system over which the whole nation was lamenting , which had filled with alarm and dismay every man in it , to be passed over in silence ? If a man proposed a series of resolutions , and concluded a 4 hours ' speech with moving the first of them , were you to be debarred from considering the whole ? The rt . hon . gent . was much mistaken , if he supposed then was any shyness on that side to encounter his system , than which there could be no thing more preposterous and