as giving increased means for the prosecution of the war , or for the future security of a peace ; the grateful acknowledgements of that house and of the country were due , in the first place , to Providence , that had so often afforded its signal protection to the British empire ; and , next to Providence , their thanks were due to those brave men , whose gallant exertions had achieved those victories which were the subjects of national triumph , and the causes of the security which was generally felt . Upon the present occasion , he thought he might venture to say , that those marks of royal approbation , which were generally given upon similar events , and which might now be expected , would not be withheld . He thought it would be unnecessary to detain the house , by making any further observations , and therefore concluded simply by moving the following resolutions : —1 . `` That the thanks of this house be given to vice-admiral sir John Thomas Duckworth , knight of the most hon . order of the bath , for the distinguished valour , ability , and conduct shewn by him in the action with a French squadron on the 6th of Feb. last , when all the line-of-battle ships of the said squadron were taken or destroyed.—2 . That the thanks this house be given to rear-admirals Cochrane and Louis , and to the captains and officers of the squadron under the command of vice-admiral sir J. T. Duckworth , who by their bravery and good conduct contributed to the success of that day ; and that vice-admiral sir John Thomas Duckworth do signify the same to the rear-admirals and the several captains and officers.—3 . That this house doth highly approve of , and acknowledge the services of the seamen and royal marines on board the ships under the command of vice-admiral sir John Thomas Duckworth , in the victory obtained over the squadron of the enemy on the 6th of Feb. last ; and that the officers commanding the several ships do signify the same to their respective crews , and do thank them for their good behaviour . '' These resolutions were carried , nem . con . and the 536 speaker was ordered to signify the same to vice-admiral sir J. T. Duckworth . said , he wished that the deputy clerk of the crown should be called in , to be examined as to the non-arrival of the return for Waterford . A considerable time had now elapsed since the election had taken place , and yet he understood that the return was not yet received by the clerk of the crown . The return ought to have been forwarded the day after the election . In the present instance the delay was extraordinary , and there were surmises that it was not purely accidental . He gave notice , that If the return did not arrive before that day , he should , on Thursday , move that the sheriff of the county of Waterford be ordered to attend at the bar . The deputy clerk of the crown was then called in and examined . He said that the return had not been received by him . Mr. Fox then gave notice of a motion on Thursday moved the further consideration of the Dublin Paving bill . complained of the hardship which the Paving board of Dublin suffered in consequence of the suspension by lord Hardwicke , and the stigma which that suspension attached to their character . begged gentlemen to understand that this bill did not at all affect the question between lord Hardwicke and the Paving board , as the object of this bill was to grant a certain sum of money for the paving , cleansing , and lighting of the streets of Dublin . spoke in favour of the Paving board , of which he was a member , and requested the house , before they passed this bill , to take time deliberately to ponder . vindicated the conduct of lord Hardwicke , who suspended