The deviation of Austria from the plan agreed upon was not slight and trivial , but it was a complete and entire deviation , and to this must be attributed all the calamitous consequences that ensued . The object of this country was , either to promote a negociation for a general peace , upon a permanent basis , consistent with the welfare and security of Europe , or to establish an armed negociation , with a view of putting a period to the usurpations and encroachments of France ; and , if war was the result , to support that war by means which , according to all human calculation , were adequate to the effect the object proposed . 145 Austria had till the end of the year 1805 , to negotiate , as the subsidies from this country were not payable , if she commenced hostilities before the end of the year . Unfortunately , however , from her precipitancy in sending forward her troops , the melancholy events of the campaign , and the calamitous day of Austerlitz , had resulted . It was the occurrence of these unfortunate events that had induced his majesty 's ministers to obtain his majesty 's commands , to lay before parliament every document that could in any degree elucidate the subject , or explain any of the points connected with the treaties , which he had , on a former day , laid upon the table . They had done this , in order that their conduct might be placed in that point of view , in which they wished it to be considered , convinced as they were , that it would be found free from the slightest blame , on account of the recent unfortunate events on the continent . He could not help also again expressing his anxiety that the character of that illustrious statesman , whose loss they now deplored , should be cleared from the imputations , which , on account of those events , had been so unjustly cast upon it . In attributing those events to the precipitancy of the emperor of Austria , and his deviation from the plan arranged by the allies , he must , at the same time , deprecate any imputations being thrown upon that monarch on account of his signing an armistice , and subsequently a treaty of peace with France . It was easy for those who were at a distance from the scene of action , to condemn the conduct of that monarch ; but it should be recollected , that he did and suffered much for the common cause ; that he gave up his capital to the enemy , and fought in person against them . If after this he was induced by the calamitous circumstances that ensued to give way and make peace with France , it should rather be lamented as an unfortunate circumstance than be made the subject of condemnation . As some noble lords had come into the house since he had risen , whom hey to hear his explanation , he would shortly recapitulate . He then briefly repeated his former statements , adding , that the negotiations between Austria and France , it was known , must be broken off in consequence of the annexation of Genoa to France , and that it was expected that when hostilities commenced , Austria would have acted upon the de- 146 fensive in Germany and offensively Italy . He had observed on a former evening , that certain articles of the treaty with Russia were withheld , he repeated , that no other motive had induced his majesty 's ministers to withhold them than a desire that no injury might result to certain continental powers from the publication of the recitals contained in those articles . This was their only motive , as those who were about to succeed them would soon be enabled to judge , from an inspection of the documents themselves . He was anxious that the subject to which the papers on the table , and those he was about to present , referred ,