to defend London ? I answer no , because the thing must be impossible ; and I apprehend that in the neighbourhood of London , a sufficient number of trained men would be found to annoy the enemy , or fill up our own ranks , without calling up those from the distant counties . The effect of the training would be to give us a greater number of men , better fit than they would otherwise have been , to recruit the regiments , or to contribute in other ways to harass the enemy . But again comes the old argument which I have often heard with sentiments the very reverse of respect . It is said , but could these men defend London ? Could they stop the enemy before 714 they reached Chatham ? Should the enemy land on our shores , we ought doubtless to fight every inch of ground , but are we to act as if that were all , and as if the whole were lost it the first stand were not successful ? We must provide , however , not only to withstand the enemy vigorously in their first progress , but to have all the means of maintaining the contest with them in the worst event.—Nay , I am convinced that the English people would , on , such an occasion , display an energy , perseverance , and fortitude , surpassing what any nation on the continent has shewn . They are in a different situation , to be sure . They are unaccustomed to the presence of an enemy in their country , and could not bear it patiently : they feel every motive of attachment to their country and their constitution . They are unshaken in their affection to their government by those changes of master and of companion , which tend to unhinge every principle of allegiance , and they would therefore , I am convinced , give a new example of constancy , and would shew that the fate of their country did not depend on the event of a single battle . Even if the first advantages were gained by the enemy , they would find hundreds of thousands , nay , perhaps millions , of Englishmen determined to maintain their liberty and independence . That the enemy would be best resisted by an armed and trained peasantry , capable of harassing their progress or of serving as recruits to the regular army , I am perfectly satisfied , and I am convinced they would do it far better than any number of Volunteers on the present system . Indeed the employment of the Volunteers as regiments and as reinforcements , would be full of danger , and no friend to the Volunteers would advise the experiment to be tried.— It is alledged , however , that no immediate increase of the army will result from this measure , because it substitutes nothing . But in truth , the merit of the plan is , that it proposes no complicated machinery to produce an effect , which will be gained by the simple mode of recruiting . All the schemes adopted for raising men have , as far as they have been successful , only de frauded the ordinary system of recruiting , and that with a great expence , and no in considerable oppression . Is it nothing , that the market will again be left open to the government as the only recruitor ? I do not altogether blame former minister for the experiments tried . At the 715 beginning of the war a general apprehension was entertained that an invasion would immediately be attempted , and it may have appeared necessary to augment the army , even at the risk of encroaching upon the future supply . But the noble lord says , this is all theory , and that no more men will be obtained . Now , I should , think , however , that the theory which tells me that you have the best chance of being cheaply provided when you are the only bidder , is preferable to