no man would wish for this proviso , if the bill could pass without it . He had not had the advantage of hearing the opinion of the judges delivered , but he should be glad to know , if their opinion were asked , as to this proviso , if any one of them , even of those who were in the minority , would be in favour of this proviso ? He believed not ; on the contrary , he was almost certain they would be against it to a man , as tending to infringe on the line and rule of their own conduct , and to subject them to the guidance of the rules of another court , very different from their own , both in point of principle and practice . It had been mentioned by some hon . member , that this proviso had been introduced into the house of lords , and partly adopted by them , but that it had afterwards been rejected ; this to him appeared very extraordinary , that the house of lords , immediately after they had received the opinions of the judges , and while they were warm in their recollection of them , should adopt this proviso , and should afterwards , without any particular reason being assigned for it , proceed in so contradictory a way , as to reject it . If this argument proved any thing , it was that the lords were clearly of opinion , that the proviso ought not to be part of the bill , because it militated against the opinion of the majority of the judges , which ought also to weigh materially with that house . If the case of a purchaser for a valuable consideration , without notice , be allowed , it might perhaps be better to insert the proviso ; but it did not appear to him from all he had heard on the subject , that it ought to be , and , the right hon . and learned gent . had not stated any other exception . The house would , however , call to mind , that when the judges delivered their opinions in the house of lords , they were serious . They did not conceive it to be a light or trivial point , and when they said `` generally , '' they meant , he was well satisfied , `` solely . '' He hoped , therefore , the house of commons would consider whether the proviso was necessary ; and if they should be of opinion that it was so , he , for one , would much rather the bill should notpass at all said , that when he came to the house , he was rather under an impres- 777 sion on his mind , that the bill required some modification ; but from the arguments he had heard , and particularly those which had just been delivered with so much force and eloquence , by the right hon . gent. , he had entirely altered his opinion ; and upon more minutely looking into the words of the proviso , he thought it contained no more than the opinion of the majority of the judges : as such he should certainly vote against it . said , that he thought the arguments of the right hon . secretary of state were extremely forcible , and they had completely convinced him that the bill would be far better without the proviso . Nothing could be more clear to him , than that the judges of the common law should not be obliged to refer for rules to a court of equity , for , as had been most ably enforced , the common law existed long before a court of equity was ever known or heard of . The court of equity was originally instituted for the purpose of softening the rigour and . severity of the common law , the courts of which had always been governed by their own rules . The court of equity had unquestionably taken rules from the courts of