is extremely impolitic and rash . If he has undertaken this business without any assistance , he is more rash than any one I ever knew . But if he has been assisted out of this house , and has been induced to bring this matter forward in the faith of having the same assistance in this house , I think not very highly of the courage of those who supported him in private , but who have now declined to come forward to avow that support in public . I have already said , that he appears to me not only rash , but also a little ignorant of the forms of the house ; he has produced a charge in a manner not much to the credit of his experience , any more than to his prudence and discretion ; but yet it was rather the business of the house to have led him on with kindness , rather than allow him to be treated in a manner I was very sorry to see . I know I have no right to recur to any particular expressions which fell last night . I wished to have an opportunity of alluding to particular expressions ; but without alluding to them I do say , that in my opinion , if any servant of the India Co. who returns from India , supposes that he can fairly and justly charge another servant of the Company with having abused the trust reposed in him , and injured the interests of his employers , it is the duty of this house to give him countenance ; he ought to be kindly treated , and not in such a manner as if be were a calumniator . If , on investigation , it shall be proved , that the hon . gent . has brought forward charges which he can not make good , he will deserve , and no doubt receive , a very severe censure indeed ; but till that is shewn , he is entied to the candid and impartial attention and protection of the house.—The question was then put and carried . On the motion for the 3rd reading of this bill . renewed his former objections made to the bill ; observing , that in the first place there was no necessity for it , and in the second , that it might produce an effect different from what it was intended to do , as it went much farther than the opinions given by the majority of the judges . In his opinion , instead of removing doubts , it would be introducing new ones . objected to the bill , as there was no practical inconvenience from the present state of the law , and as it originated from a legislative question . conceived , that if any declaratory bill were necessary , this was the best that could be adopted . The learned gent . then entered into a very long argument , to prove that it was necessary to declare the law ; and concluded by calling on the house to support the bill . did not see that any ill consequences could arise from the rejection of the bill ; on the contrary , he thought it much better that it should be thrown out , as there would be but one uncertainty in the practice of the courts ; whereas , if it were passed into a law , there would be many , arising from the different constructions of it . The Solicitor General entered at great length into a statement of the advantages which would arise from the passing of this bill . The law at present , he said , was in an unsettled state , so much so , that it was not considered , by many of the judges themselves , that the opinion of the majority of that learned body , as given in the house of lords , was binding on the minority . A witness at the Old Bailey might be permitted to refuse giving an answer which would convict an offender , because