garrisons of high importance in different parts of the world , and possibly might always have them , it might not be at all times in our power to anticipate , by fresh troops , the discharge of 965 men in those garrisons , whose period of service might be expired . Would it then be prudent to enable one quarter , or one half of the men in such garrisons , and under such circumstances , to demand their discharge , and perhaps at a moment the most charge , and perphaps at a moment the most critical and precarious ? One argument more in favour of the project was suggested , that all the men would re-enlist , but this he conceived to be merely ideal ; for men taught in the very outset , and during the limited period of their services , that they might be able to get their livelihood better in some other way , would naturally be anxious to quit that service on the expiration of the term for which they were engaged . It would be impossible to attach men to a mode of life which they were told was to continue but for a short time . It was impossible also , that officers should not be extremely anxious to retain those men whom they had with so much care and attention trained to a knowledge of their duty ; and surely it was infinitely better for the service , that the men should depend upon the officers than the officers upon the men . This was felt even in the militia , where the term of service was only for a limited term of 5 years , and the officers felt much disgust at being deprived of the disciplined flower of their regiments ; and even in that branch of our defence , it had been found necessary to include the term during the war in the period of service . Upon the whole , then , conceiving the bill now proposed to be repealed , to be superior , in many respects , to the plan proposed for adoption in its place , he should not consent to its repeal , at least before the plan of the rt . hon . gent . came first before the house , and was subjected to some modifications which might render it less objectionable . But until that plan or one of a superior construction , was ready for adoption , to part with that now in operation , and which gave to the country all advantages of enlisment , both for general and limited service , would , in his opinion , be extremely imprudent and improper ; and therefore he should resist the motion . in a maiden speech , apologized for presuming to obtrude himself upon the House before so many other gentlemen infinitely more competent than he could pretend to be ; but having pledged himself to express his opinion upon the subject , and feeling that , in an advanced stage of the debate , and after the delivery of abler opinions , and the display of so much powerful elo- 966 quence , he should have little chance in claiming any share of attention to his humble sentiments , he felt it necessary to rise thus early , and hoped for the indulgence of the house . He did not feel it necessary to examine very minutely the structure and machinery of the component parts of the bill proposed to be repealed ; nor did he feel the present a fit opportunity for discussing the merits or another measure proposed in lieu of it . But he should have thought it more adviseable for the right hon . gent . to have waited until he had matured the plan in his contemplation before he had proposed the repeal . However , as there was a very principal part of the bill to which he had insurmountable objections , and as he felt himself forced reluctantly to vote against it , he rose to give the reason which influenced him to that vote , the necessity