, to express their grateful sense , in the strongest terms , of the great and important services of these noble officers , and the different officers and men under their command , who achieved the glorious victory of the 21st of October , and of which , he 36 was sensible , they all felt the advantages . The second consideration which had actuated his mind , and which would continue to the last hour of his life , was the feelings and friendship he entertained for that illustrious hero , who had led on the fleet to that memorable victory . With these he was impressed during twenty-three years , out of the forty-seven which that hero lived , and during which period , it might be said , he lived with him with the intimacy of a brother . Thus , the feelings of private friendship co-operated with those of public principle and duty , in determining him to propose to their lordships to come to such a vote as he had alluded to . As the thing then stood , he felt no objection to give way to the noble lord , who had expressly stated his intention to bring forward the motion to-morrow . A new writ was ordered to be issued for the election of a burgess to serve in parliament for the University of Cambridge , in the room of the right hon . William Pitt , deceased.—Mr . Jeffery gave notice , that he would , to-morrow , move that the order made on the 22d of this month , for the production of certain naval papers , be discharged.—A petition of the maltsters and makers of malt , in the town and county of Monmouth , was presented and read ; setting forth , that the act of the 42d of his present majesty , relative to the making of malt , is productive of the most injurious consequences to the manufacture , and subjects the fair trader to great difficulties and hardships , without any adequate advantage to the revenue . Ordered to lie upon the table . moved , that the papers ordered by the votes of the house on the 25th and 28th of June last , be printed for the use of the members ; which was accordingly ordered . After a short pause , the hon . gent . rose again , and said : —No person sir , can be more convinced than I am , of the inutility , the inexpediency , the danger , of moving for many papers relative to any transaction , more especially , if connected with India ; still , however I may deprecate delay , in a question of so much importance , I am under the necessity of moving for a few 37 more papers , important in every point of view , and essentially necessary for the ends of substantial justice . But , sir , these are the last papers I shall call for , to support the two charges I have already given notice of ; and when the papers I formerly had the honour to move for , are printed , together with the additional papers that I am to call for this evening , no time shall be lost , on my part , in bringing direct and positive charges of criminality against my lord Wellesley . As the papers are not to be objected to , it is not necessary for me to take up much of the time of the house . Suffice it to say , that to insure the support of those gentlemen on this side of the house , and the aid and countenance of many honourable , disinterested , conscientious gentlemen on the other , I shall produce a charge , copied almost verbatim from the articles of impeachment voted against Mr. Hastings , by a strong , overpowering majority of this house , at the head of which was the late Mr. Pitt . I move , `` that there be laid before this house , 1 . Copy of a treaty concluded between the