per cent . I am afraid he will find great difficulties in his endeavours to reconcile the country to the amount of this enormous addition to their present burthens . I fear it will occasion much more general uneasiness , if not universal distress and discontent , than he is at present aware of . But it will be matter of surprize to me indeed , if the argument he resorts to , in defence of this rapid course of taxation , should satisfy the judgement of any man in the kingdom , even among those , who may be best disposed to submit to the amount . My noble friend justly observes , that it may seem paradoxical to say , that this mode of increase is preferable to one more gradual and less alarming to the public . '' Now I do not deny that an extraordinary proposition may be true , though it contradicts a received opinion . But then the evidence or the argument must be too powerful for the opinion . Instead of which , it seems to me that the proof in this case is full as great a paradox 577 as the proposition . The grievance or the burthen , as it is now felt , is a tax of five or six per cent. , and the best way to cure the disorder or to silence the complaint , is to double the demand . He admits that gradual increase would be less alarming to the public , and for that reason he rejects it ; as if the human mind were so constituted that , the more it is surprised , the less it is afflicted . This doctrine is new ; but , I confess , that the novelty does not , to my apprehension , at all lessen the grievance . My noble friend affirms , that `` a gradual rise would have led to the supposition that this was a fund to be drawn upon to an indefinite extent ; but , being raised at once to its natural limit , there will be less suspicion of future augmentation . '' How so ? Why is ten per cent . a more natural limit than eleven ; or how does one violent act furnish an internal security against others of the same quality ? All we know is that the thing done is a precedent , and that , in cases of this nature , the precedent most likely to be followed is that , which is most productive . Whether the increase of this tax proceeds gradatim or per saltum , whether it arrives at its natural limit by slow steps or hasty strides , I see no certainty that 10 per cent . will be the final extent of the demand ; or that , in a few years , when the rapid principle can not easily or safely be resorted to again , we shall not be invited to revert to the quiet and gentle operation of a gradual increase . As to any security , provided by either of the two principles , against future augmentation , I confess I see none . I throw out these thoughts , sir , very bastily , in hopes that they will be duly considered by the noble lord , and by other gentlemen more conversant in the subject than I am . thanked the hon . gent . for the partiality he had been pleased to express , and he felt it his duty , in answer to what had fallen from the hon . gent . respecting the conduct of the bank directors , to say , that the directors certainly acknowledged an application made to them by the right hon . gent . whom he had the honour to succeed , to induce them to receive the duties upon the dividends in their hands ; which they declined , because in the situation where in they stood they had objections very natural for them to entertain ; but , in answer to the application lately made to them , they condidly stated , that