to the most important part of a of their duty , namely , the adjudication of claims . He had every reason to believe that many of the claimants were in the greatest state of pecuniary embarrassment ; their claims should , as soon as possible , be brought to a decision ; that , if solid , the parties might possess means of relieving their distress , and , if unfounded , they might be taught no longer to depend upon an unsubstantial resource , or to lean upon a broken reed.—The hon . gent . said , that he should here sit down ; but that he was under the necessity of saying a few words respecting himself . There were many gentlemen in the house who could testify how unwilling lie had been to appear in the situation in which he now stood , and how glad he should have been if any other gentleman would have brought forward this measure . One , and not the least of his objections was , that it was awkward , if not unusual , for a member of parliament to move that stronger powers should be given to a commission , of winch he formed a part , which the was equivalent to an application for stronger powers to be confided to himself . Both parties , however , had urgently requested him to stand forward on this occasion ; upon the ground that a commissioner ; who experienced the difficulties arising from want of powers , would be best able to explain them to the house . Had the commission been constructed as it was originally formed , and his hon . friend ( Mr. Ry- 741 der ) had still continued the commissioner , the argument would have been very forcible ; but , when addressed to himself , it had no weight . His scruples at length gave way to intreaty : he should have been better satisfied if any other gentleman had introduced the measure to the notice of parliament , and any other gentleman , he was sure , would have done greater justice to the cause of the parties . After having stated , that if the house gave leave to bring in the bill , which was already printed , and read it a first time to-morrow , it was his intention to allow a sufficient interval for consideration before the second reading , the hon . gent . concluded with moving , `` that leave be given to bring in a bill for enabling the Commissioners acting in execution of an agreement made between the East-India co. and the private Creditors of the Nabobs of the Carnatic , the better to carry the same into effect . '' complimented the hon . gent . on the great talents which he had & splayed in the course of his elaborate speech . At present , he did not see any strong objection to the measure proposed ; but he could not help remarking , that , in looking over the list of claimants , he saw a number of names of persons bearing high situations in India , and who , perhaps , had no strong claims on the humanity and equity of the company in this instance . He must also observe , that , although in 1784 this country claimed no right of participation in the surplus of the revenues of the company , yet , from the year 1793 , the public had a claim of half a million annually , which it had never received ; and , on the contrary , it was now stated , that a million was due from the public to the company . This might be a consideration in the discussion of the measure proposed . He had not been aware , that the business would have come on that night , but should be prepared on the day appointed for the second reading , to offer such observations as the consideration of the subject should suggest . in pursuance of a former notice , moved for leave to bring in a