not pass at all , if it were to be deliberately considered . persisting in his motion , the gallery was cleared for a division , but the house , after some further discussion , did not divide ; and it was agreed to postpone the committal until the 21st of April . The bishop of Ossory took the oaths and his seat.—Lord Collingwood 's Annuity bill was read a 2d time.—Mr . Alexander brought up the Irish Sugar Drawback bill , the Woollen Manufacturers Penalty Suspension bill , and the British Sugar Drawback bill , which were severally read a first time.—The Corn Exportation bill , the Irish Duties bill , the Foreign Troops bill , the Royal Marine Mutiny bill , and 432 the Greenland Whale Fishery bill , passed through committees and were reported.— On the motion of lord Holland , the Declaratory bill , with its amendments , was ordered to be printed.—Earl Stanhope , in consequence of the absence of the chief justice of the King 's Bench , who he understood wished to be present on the commitment of his bill for the Discovery of Truth , moved to postpone the committee till Monday , which was agreed to . Lord Stanley presented a petition from the Maltsters , & c. of the Borough of Preston , praying relief from certain restrictions imposed by the act of the 42d of the king.—Mr . Alcock from the Treasury presented an account , showing how the monies voted for the service of the year 1805 had been disposed of , under their several heads , so far as relates to Great Britain.—A person from the British Museum presented an account of the Expenditure of that institution , for the year 1805 , and estimates for the year 1806.—Mr . Calcraft brought up certain Ordnance papers , containing an account of the effective strength of the Artillery and Drivers ; and also an account of the effective strength of the corps of Engineers , from 1801 to 1806 inclusive.—On the motion of Mr. W. Dundas , the Scotch Creditors ' bill was read a 2d time.—On the motion . of Mr. Vansittart the Sugar Drawback and the Irish Sugar Drawback bills were read a third time and passed.—Mr . Rose moved for an account of the amount of all exports from Great Britain to the island of Tortola , for the last 7 years , distinguishing British from foreign goods ; also an account of the quantity of sugar , rum , and coffee , exported from the Island of Tortola to our foreign settlements ; and copies of all orders of his majesty in council relative to the execution of the act of the 42d and 43d of his majesty.—Ordered . Lord Temple , pursuant to his notice on a former night , moved , that a committee be appointed to take into consideration the various acts relating to the woollen manufacture . Lord Henry Petty , in seconding the motion of his noble friend , took the opportunity of stating the motives which influenced him on the occasion . Three years had elapsed since a committee had been ap- 433 pointed to take this important subject into consideration . No final arrangement had yet taken place , and the suspension bill had been , from time to time , renewed . However objectionable such an expedient might be as a remedy for temporary evils , it was peculiarly so in this instance , where the evil would be everyday growing worse and worse . He trusted that when the committee should make their report to parliament , the house would look the question in the face , and come to such a decision upon it as would put an end to the irritation which was kept alive in the country , by the frequent renewal of the suspension bill . The interests of the manufacturer , employers , and employed , and that of the country , were the same , viz . to promote the growth and prosperity of the manufacture . stated that the evil alluded to by the noble lord , and