necessary . He wished every one of them to be made public . Those papers required only to be known , to retinal the wanton scurrility of the hon . gent . with accumulated weight on his own head . So determined was he to adhere to the order of the house already made , and so necessary did he feel the publication of those papers , that if the hon . member 86 did not withdraw his motion , he would certainly take the sense of the house on the question . He added also , that he would not be deterred on any account from calling for any farther papers that should appear necessary , notwithstanding the charge of procrastination brought against him with so little reason . There were indeed more papers which he was likely to call for , and which might be produced in the course of two days . This was no trifling question ; it involved the very existence of this country , bearing so near a relation as it did to the best means of its defence . It involved the naval interests of the country , and therefore he wished that full and ample enquiry should be made , not only for the sake of the noble lord whose character was at stake , but also for the benefit of the public service , and the good of the community at large . At the same time he could not help observing that , in his opinion , the hon . gent . would have done better to have deferred this motion till another time , and have allowed the formation of a new administration to have been completed before starting , a subject of this nature . had witnessed many extraordinary things in his day , but this was the most extraordinary proceeding he had ever known . The hon . gent . not satisfied with repeating his accusation against lord .St . Vincent , had accused the whole house of commons , by saying , that they would not have patience to read the important papers before them . The abstract of the hon . gent . 's argument was simply this : `` You shall attend to all the charges that I may from time to time throw out against the noble lord , but you shall not listen to a word of his defence : you shall not even permit him to submit it to the house , but refer it in the most private manner to a committee . '' What reason the hon . member had to think gentlemen would not read these papers when printed , he knew not , but certain he was it was their duty to do so , and certain he was that it was his intention to read them , as he had done such as had been already produced , and must say that he saw no colourable pretext whatever for the charges alledged , and should therefore advise the hon . gent . to make the amende honorable , and retire with the best grace he could . considered the question before the house to be of very considerable importance ; and if any one 87 thing was of more importance than another it was certainly the order of proceeding on this subject . However voluminous these papers might be , therefore , he would have them printed , as being the most regular and candid mode of proceeding ; and therefore advised the hon . gent . to withdraw his motion , particularly as he did not conceive that there existed at this time any cause that should preclude their being printed . could not allow the hon . mover to withdraw his proposition without offering some remarks on the manner in which he had supported it . The substance of what the hon . gent . had advanced was , that he should have all the papers he wished for on his side , but he will only permit you to have such as may be agreeable to him , and not what on your