of a prince of India ( the nabob of Oude ) , to whom he was much attached , which attachment , perhaps , rendered him incapable of conducting the affair with impartiality ; 2dly , the suspicions that might arise , that he could not judge fairly and candidly in the case of lord Wellesley ; and 3dly , the treachery of which the Rajah of Bhurtpore had been guilty , almost to an unparalleled extent . He did not deny this , but he asked , where , was the wisdom or policy of making a treaty , with this very person on whom no dependence whatever could be placed ? How came the ceded fortresses and the money to be returned ? It was because lord Cornwallis saw the futility of such treaties , and was resolved to abandon them , if possible . He gave up their lands , he gave up their money , he would give op any thing to such persons , provided they would agree not to burthen us with their friendship . said , that as the hon . mover , in anticipating the contents of the papers for which he moved , had made his assertions pretty sturdily , he was not sorry to hear from his noble friend ( lord Temple ) assertions of a contrary nature as sturdily and at least as roundly delivered . He must allow that the hon . mover had had the candour to distribute among the members of the board of controul , a number of papers respecting which he moved ; but from the great mass of them , they had not had time to profit by this candour . He should , however , individually , as an humble member of the board of controul , say , that he saw no objections to granting the 419 papers ; his private feelings would rather induce him to second the motion than to oppose it , for he felt convinced , that when the papers were produced , they would exhibit a great many amiable qualities in the character of lord Wellesley , which many gentlemen were then unwilling to give him credit for . They would shew , that to this very rajah he had exercised an extraordinary forbearance , and an unexampled moderation . Without meaning to oppose the motion , he should just observe , that he doubted whether a sufficient parliamentary ground had been assigned for it . It did not appear to him proper , that any member should move for a vast mass of papers merely to fish out some cause of complaint which they did not know of before . As for the declaration of hostilities against the rajah , no such paper did exist : there never was a declaration of hostilities , but the war began by the cannon of the Fort of Deeg firing upon the British army , and protecting the retreat of Holkar . It was at a time when the rajah was writing the most friendly letters to lord Wellesley , and saying in the oriental cant , `` make me happy by your letters , '' that he was conspiring with the enemies of the company , to expel the British from India . Nothing would be more demonstrable and unequivocal than the perfidy of this rajah , whom the hon . mover now extolled so highly . As soon as we had met a disaster under col. Monson , this faithless prince chose that moment not only to violate his treaties , but to conspire the utter destruction of that power for which he professed so much friendship , and to winch he owed so much obligation . The manner in which the governor-general gained information of his treachery , was most unquestionable . A confidential agent of his at Maturah first informed the British resident of it and about a week afterwards a vakeel was taken , with the correspondence , which went to the whole extent that had been stated . Notwithstanding this certain information of the treachery of this prince , lord Wellesley was