well as to the noble lord impeached , that justice should be attained as speedily as possible . It was due to the prosecutors that justice should be done without delay , if the defendant were guilty ; it was equally due to the defendant that the expences of his defence should not , in case of an acquittal , amount to or exceed any fine which could be imposed upon him , if he were guilty . Those complaints , so justly founded , which were made against the delay attendant upon the trial of Mr. Hastings , ought , in this case , to be carefully avoided . Impressed with these considerations , he intended to move , when his majesty 's answer to the address should be received , to refer to the committee already appointed to search for 558 precedents , to consider of the best means of proceeding in the trial without delay . There were , however , two or three suggestions which he would just mention to their lordships ; the first was , that , the trial , when commenced , ought to be proceeded in from day to day until it was finished . If this mode of conduct were adopted , he was convinced it would go a great way towards attaining the ends of justice as speedily as possible , whilst , at the same time , the trial would , in that case , be in a greater degree assimilated to a trial in a court of law . Another circumstance to be attended to was , the hour of assembling , which , he thought , when fixed , ought each day to be rigidly adhered to , and no other business whatever to be previously entered upon . It would also be a great saving of time if some mode were adopted , or if some understanding took place , with respect to collecting the opinions of their lordships upon any disputed point of evidence , without their being under the necessity of retiring upon every such occasion to their chamber.—These suggestions he threw out for their lordships ' consideration ; but whatever might be the mode adopted , he trusted the great object would be to proceed through the trial without any other delay than was absolutely necessary . He concluded by moving for au address to his majesty , praying that his majesty would be graciously pleased to give directions to prepare a place in Westminster-hall for the trial of lord viscount Melville . stated , that he was one of those noble lords who attended during the long trial of Mr. Hastings , during which he could not avoid perceiving that there was often a lamentable waste of their lordships ' time . He trusted that the delays which had then occurred would serve as warnings to their lordships on the present occasion . He would venture to suggest one regulation , from which he thought much benefit would be derived : upon the trial of Mr. Hastings , it was customary for the house , whenever any objections upon points of evidence arose , to immediately adjourn for the day to the parliament chamber . Now he thought it very practicable and reconcileable to the strictest forms of proceeding , that their lordships should receive the objection , and proceed ( if the progress of the cause did not essentially depend upon it ) , to determine the point next day , or at some convenient opportunity , without impeding the course of the proceedings . The 559 frequent adjournments at that time were felt to be a very great inconvenience . It was remarked , by a witty member of that house during the impeachment , that it was the only trial in which the judges walked whilst the trial stood still.—The motion was agreed to . from the office of the inspector-general of Exports and Imports , brought up an account of Imports and Exports from Tortola.—Mr.Johnson , from the office of the chief sec . in Ireland , brought up an account of the woollen yarn imported into that