family , no talents , no virtue , and who depended for their success solely on the influence which their riches gave them . The right hon . gent . Mr. Tierney concluded by moving for leave to bring in a bill to explain and render more effectual an act made in the 7th and 8th of king William III . for prevent- 378 ing charge and expence in election of members to serve in parliament . allowed that he was one of those who had a good will towards the object of the hon . gent . 's motion . It was necessary for him to rise at this early stage of the question to say , that he did not think so lightly of the difficulties that were in the way of that object , as the hon . gent . There might be means discovered of removing them , but they were certainly not trifling . With regard to what had been said about the 40s . freeholders , it should be recollected , that their non-residence was no act of their own . As for comparing the freeholders to that amount of the present day , with those in the reign of Henry VI , he had always been of opinion , that this was a point of the constitution better understood at the present day , than in the times of the houses of York and Lancaster . There was an aristocratic principle in limiting the right of voting to those who possessed a certain value of landed property , which the subsequent depreciation of money had much reduced and meliorated . Had a bill been offered to the house to deprive freeholders under 30l . a year of their elective franchise , he should have given it his most decided opposition . The hen . gent . himself had admitted , that this would not be expedient . If therefore , it was not justifiable directly to deprive them of their right , neither was it justifiable indirectly to do so . The hon . gent allowed , that Yorkshire was an instance in which ; from the extent of the county , inconvenience would result to many of the minor freeholders , if a compensation for their expenses were withheld from them . But not Yorkshire alone , Lancaster , and several other counties , would be subject to the same grievance . As to the plan of taking the poll at different parts of , the county , when it was first suggested , he felt repugnant to it , but the reasoning of the hon . gent . rendered him willing to acquiesce in it . At any rate he was desirous , by every means , to avoid confining the right of voting at county elections to the large freeholders . Now , with regard to the boroughs , he must say , that the hon . gent . went too far in saying that it was in the option of every voter to remain a resident or not ; and that if it was an inconvenience , it was one which he brought upon himself . This was much too generally stated . At such times as the present , when the exigencies of the country called so many men from their homes , this 379 sentiment was peculiarly reprehensible . Would the hon . gent . wish that every man who had inlisted for a soldier should be deprived of his elective franchise ? That he should abandon his rights as a freeman ? Surely not . Much less in the case of a militia man . It would , indeed , be the hardest case in the world , when a man had been ballotted for that service , and had been compelled to go to a distance from his family and his home to defend his king and country , that he should be compensated , by being deprived of his right to vote for a member of parliament . He perfectly concurred in the expediency of the bill , but he merely contended that the