of his great abilities , for it was no exaggeration to say , that the gallant admiral , who had lately closed his brilliant career , by falling in the arms of victory , did not more decidedly lose his life in the service of his country than Mr. Pitt ; his anxiety for his country had destroyed him . It was well known to those who were in the room when that great man expired , that the last words he uttered were , `` Oh ! my country . '' The motion before the house bound no gentleman to an approbation of any particular act of Mr. Pitt 's administration , much less to the measures of the last six months . It went only to assert what was admitted in every corner of England and Europe , that Mr. Pitt was an excellent statesman , and that his loss was irreparable to the country . rose , and spoke as follows : —I do not know , sir , that ever I rose to address the house in the performance of my public duty with more pain than I do at this moment . I therefore hope that I shall experience some indulgence , if , before I give my vote on this question , I should shortly state the reasons which compel me to oppose the motion now proposed by the hon . gent . under the gallery . The hon . gent . says , that all party feelings and political animosities should be laid aside on the present occasion ; I assure him , sir , that I do lay aside all party feelings . If I had any such at this time , they would lead me to vote with the hon . gent . and not against him . At the same time I do not pretend to undervalue party feelings . When a person is convinced that the opinions which he holds , if acted upon , would be productive of benefit to his country , but finds that the only chance of having them acted upon depends upon his connection with a party , and the support which by this means he may acquire , it is his duty to have recourse to a party . He may consider this fairly and justly as the best mode of effectually carrying into execution those measures which , in his estimation , are the most calculated to promote the public prosperity and happiness . But at present it is obvious to every one , that all the motives which are likely to influence me , as far as 60 party is concerned , are on the side of the hon . gent . and would lead me to vote with him . The hon . gent . must see , that if the gratification of party feelings , if ambition , if private interest were my objects , the most proper course for me to pursue , would be to give an immediate assent to this motion . Upon such a supposition , every one must be sensible how much it would be my interest to conciliate , as much as possible , all those who had the greatest respect and value for Mr. Pitt , to drown , if it could be done , the very remembrance of our political contests , and endeavour to gain , by every means that could be imagined , their support and favour . This would be the line of conduct which party views would suggest , as the most proper to follow . But this is not all ; there are other motives of no less weight , that strongly recommend the same mode of proceeding . For many of the supporters of the present motion I have a personal friendship , which would make me reluctant to oppose them on such an occasion ; but , most of all would it be my interest , as well as my inclination , not to cross , in this instance , the views of the noble lord near me ( lord Temple ) , and