the Continent of America , from 5th Jan. 1792 , to 5th Jan 1806 ; distinguishing each year , and distinguishing those trading from the West Indies to the United States , from those to the British Continental colonies.—3 . An account of the quantities of provisions and lumber imported into the British West-Indies , ( exclusive of conquered islands ) from the United States of America , and from the British Continental colonies respectively , from 5th Jan. 1793 , to 5th Jan. 1806 , so far as the same can be made up ; distinguishing each year , and distinguishing the quantities imported in British ships , from those in foreign ships.—4 . An account of the quantities of rum , sugar , coffee , and cotton wool , exported from the British West-India Islands , from 5th Jan. 1793 , to 5th Jan. 1806 , so far as the same can be made up ; distinguishing each year , and the quantities to the United States , to the British colonies on the Continent of America , and to Great Britain respectively . '' had no hesitation in avowing the intention to make that transfer of responsibility of which the right hon . gent . professed to disapprove , and he had no doubt that it would prove to be a most beneficial change . The house and the country must feel , that the most convenient way of supplying our West-India islands was from America ; and the object of the proposed arrangement was , that this supply should be regular ; that the colonies should be protected from the scarcities and fluctuations of supply , which had been productive of so much calamity and desolation . It was material to humanity and justice , that some fixed determination should be come to upon the subject . Sooner than leave it in its present state of uncertainty , it would be even better to declare , that the islands must be wholly supplied from G. Britain . It was highly necessary that some system should be established , and that matters should not be left to the discretion or cession of governors . The conduct of the last administration , to which the measure belonged , shewed that the relaxation of the law , which the right hon . gent . would now draw 838 so tight , was necessary to the provisional subsistence of our islands , for they relaxed that law both during war and peace . As to the right hon . gent 's allusion to the capacity of our American possessions to supply our islands , that could be best judged of by this fact , that these possessions found it necessary themselves to apply to government for a relaxation of the law in their own favour , in order that they might obtain provision from the United States . The scarcity which produced this application was , no doubt , in some measure , the effect of accident ; but yet , in providing for the subsistence of men , he would , as much as possible , guard against the recurrence of even accident . The noble lord concluded with remarking , that , although he felt the proper time for the discussion of this subject would be when the general question was under consideration , still he could not persuade himself to withhold the observations he had made . said he could never consent to any measure that went so materially to affect the commerce and shipping interest of the country as the one about to be adopted by his majesty 's ministers . The rule had been , and it was the rule he always wished to see observed , that whenever such importations as those in question were permitted , the persons permitting them should act not according but contrary to law ; and that it should afterwards be in the discretion of parliament , according to the nature or necessity of the case , to indemnify them for their breach of a positive law . said , there was a certain fatality attending some men ,