of which he regretted , because , if those who brought forward the present proposition should succeed that night , it would encourage them to triumph in having got rid this bill , merely to make room for another , the principles of which , so far as he had heard them explained , he by no means approved . His leading objections to the existing bill were , first , that it imposed upon churchwardens a species of duty wholly incompatible with their functions . Another objection he had to the bill was , that it was a measure of partial , and , in many cases , of oppressive taxation . It might be said that it was a measure of public defence , and that all measures of defence were necessarily measures of taxation ; true but not of partial taxation , for a general advantage ; for as the benefit of the defence was universal to the country , so also should be the principle of the taxation in support of it . The burthen should be equally divided in the same proportion , and under the same system of finance , as the other general taxes of the country brought forward every year , and not suffered to fall most heavily , as this certainly did , upon classes and individuals least able to bear it Of this truth of this observation , it was his misfortune to have had much melancholy ground of observations , and perhaps it might be necessary to state some local circumstances , for the clearer illustration of his remark . The bill at first avowed for its object a burthen upon the population of the country at large ; but where it could not be productive in raising the men , then it became operative in the way of taxation . But unfortunately it was not in the most populous parishes that the means of payment were most easy ; conse- 967 quently the heavier burthen fell upon the most numerous and the most indigent classes ; and as the poor 's rates formed the basis upon which the tax was assessed , it was not upon the splendid palace , or the wealthy and titled occupant , that the chief onus fell , upon the industrious , and often distressed tradesmen . In the parish of St. Mary-lebonne , for instance , amongst the lord ' y palaces and gorgeous squares , inhabited by persons of the first rank and fortune , the tax was only about 4d . in the pound . It was the same in the vicinity of Hanover-square ; while in the parish of St. Giles the rate was 12d . in the pound , and it increased as it advanced eastward to 2s . 3d . and even 4s . in the pound . The basis , therefore , was obviously an unjust one , and the operation of the tax , comparing the means of those on whom it was laid , most partial and oppressive . It might be alleged , that where the population was so numerous , the facility of raising the men was the greater , and the parish officers deserved to be fined for their negligence . To this he would answer , the facility was not as stated : and the churchwardens , at least in the county of Middlesex , were obliged to submit to the tax as from the only alternative , and the easiest mode left them . Having said thus much against the bill now proposed to be repealed , he fully agreed with the hon . baronet who preceded him , in the propriety of not abandoning a system of enlistment that had been found so productive for a project yet untried . He perfectly agreed in the trite , though vulgar adage of `` leave well alone , '' for the attempt to improve it might have the contrary effect . The right hon . gent . he was convinced , in speaking of the feelings and sentiments of common soldiers , spoke of them rather as what they ought