affairs of Oude . attended in his place , and delivered in his answer to the 10th article of Impeachment . His lordship entered his protest against the unprecedented circumstance under which that additional article 523 had been preferred ; and declared that he did not think himself bound , either by the law or usage of parliament , to answer it . He should , however , plead `` not guilty '' to the charge generally.—The answer was then ordered to be sent to the commons . the new Solicitor-General , took the oaths and his seat.—Mr . Johnson , from the office of the Chief Secretary of Ireland , presented at the bar , an Account of the Consolidated Fund of Ireland , with the Charges , Payments , and Surplus , for the year 1805.—Mr . Irving , the Inspector-General of Exports and Imports , presented at the bar an Account of the Exports and Imports for 18 years , ending Feb. 1806.—Mr . Cooke from the exchequer , presented at the bar , an Account of all interest paid on exchequer bills , in the years 1803 , 4 , 5 , and the average thereof.—Sir P. Stephens moved , for an account of the sums of money that have been issued by the Commissioners of the Navy , under the 43d of the king , for the discovery of the Longitude.—On the motion of Mr. Windham , the bill for regulating the Commerce of the Cape of Good Hope passed through a committee.—The Secretary at War presented , pursuant to order of the house , an Abstract of the total number of men raised under the Additional Force Act.—Mr . Brooke put off his motion relative to the Contracts for supplying the Navy with Spirits until Monday , as he had reason to suppose that the attention of government was directed to that subject , and that measures might be adopted in consequence , which would render it unnecessary for him to bring forward the motion.—Mr . Grey gave notice , that he should to-morrow move that the thanks of the house be given to admiral sir John Duckworth , and also to the officers , seamen , and marines of his squadron , for their gallant and signal services , by the total destruction of a division of the enemy 's fleet in the late brilliant action in St. Domingo Bay.—Lord Temple , with a view to the preparation of some clauses that should remove any objections that existed against the bill for establishing a free port in the Island of Tortola , proposed that the committee on that bill should be deferred to Monday next . After a few observations from Mr. Rose and lord Temple the committee on the bill was put off 524 accordingly.—The Irish Common Land Partition bill was read a third time , and passed.—Mr . Hawthorn brought up the report of the 10,500,000l . Exchequer Bills bill ; also of 1,500,000l . Bills bill , which were severally agreed to.—On the motion of Mr. Vansittart , the Excise Expiring Law bill , and the Felons Transportation bill , were read a third time and passed.—Mr . Wellesley Pole , pursuant to his notice , rose to move for the production of certain papers relative to the Affairs of India . His object was to bring the whole of the question before the house , as the papers already moved for could afford but a partial view of it . The papers he should move for , were contained in three distinct lists : 1st , Such as related to the Mogul ; 2d , Those relating to Bhurtpore ; and 3d , Those relating to the war with Holkar . He had submitted his motions to the consideration of the board , on the part of whom no objection was felt to the production of the papers he was to call for . It was therefore unnecessary for him to take up more of the time of the house than by moving , & c. The motions , which were for several letters of different dates , on