would follow an extension of the privileges of the private trader , if no time was lost in taking up the question to which his motion paved the way . The hon . member felt himself obliged to bend to the high authority on the treasury bench , but still he would contend that the document he moved for would answer every purpose If it did not , however , it was easy for the hon . director , or any other person , to move for such further papers as might be deemed necessary . The declining to do so , and still opposing his motion , he could no avoid thinking , sheaved a disposition to blink the question . said , it was always tin wish of his majesty 's ministers to give every species of information which could lead to any distinct object or practical conclusion . It would , however , evidently appear improper , that there should be any discussion in that house , upon points of so much delicacy , and which were now the objects of important discussions elsewhere . But as there could not , with propriety , be any discussion in that house , upon those points , he thought it would be the best way of getting rid of the motion by proceeding to the other orders of the day . He , therefore , without any disrespect to the hon . alderman , thought it his duty to move that the other orders of the day be now read . was of opinion , that a commercial question of such magnitude and importance to the interests of India , and of this country , should not be brought before the house on any partial statement . If the question were to be examined by the house , it should be on much more general grounds . The principal reason , however , which made him concur with the noble lord who had moved the order of the day was , that he must most seriously deprecate any discussions in this house , which might at all influence , or prejudice , the discussion upon those points which were now the 446 subject of negociations carrying on by his majesty 's ministers . There would be no use in the production of those papers no discussion was intended , as it was in the power of any individual member to get the information that those papers would convey , either from one of the directors or any person connected with the East-India company . He hoped his majesty 's ministers would proceed in those important negociations with all that temper and forbearance which was due to a country whose interests had been so long connected with ours ; and at the same time with that firmness and decision which were due to the rights and interests of this country , and without which our commercial relations could not subsist , either with America or any other country . He should wish this subject to be left to his majesty 's ministers in the most comprehensive manner . There was one idea , however , he should venture to suggest , which if he had continued longer in office , he had intended to have carried into effect . He thought there might be an account of time Indian exports , imports , and the amount of the carrying trade , laid before parliament annually , in the same way that the account of the exports and imports of Great Britain were . Such an annual account would give to the house information of great importance with respect to India.—.Mr . Alderman Prinsep , after a few words of explanation , withdrew his motion . rose to give notice of his intention to move on Monday for leave to bring in a bill , for regulating the trade and commerce with the Cape of Good Hope . The right hon . gent . said , he would take this opportunity of stating , that he hoped in the course of the next week , to be able to fix a