exaggeration to speak of it as binding a man of necessity without mitigation for the entire of his life . But here it may be material to mark the change which may be produced in the essential character of the soldier if this plan be adopted , by habituating his mind to dwell constantly on a separation , at the end of a given period , from his profession , and a return to his family , or on a new bargain then to be made . At present nothing can be more perfect than the character of our regular soldier—he is brave , contented , and enterprising ; why should we be ingenious in discovering grievances , which he does not complain of ? But to consider what the effect of this regulation may be in filling the ranks of the army , it appears most extraordinary to me how it should have occurred to the right hon . gent . as likely to operate successfully . For the last three years our endeavours have been directed , whilst a superior encouragement was held out to persons entering for general service , to obtain the utmost number of men possible for limited service in the regular army ; this was first attempted in the army of reserve under all the impulse of ballot and high 700 bounties , and latterly under the Additional Force act . If then we have failed in obtaining an adequate supply of men , even for a service hinted both in time and space , how can we expect by taking away one of these limitations , and only enlisting men for general service , coupled with a period by two years more extended in point of time , obtain a greater or even so great a supply of men ? —If the present defect of our army was , that we had not a sufficiency of force liable to be detached abroad , I could then perfectly understand the policy , even at some loss of men , of throwing the entire of our exertion into the levy of that description of force : but whilst we have 165,000 men capable of being detached on foreign service , and our means of sending them is only limited by the necessity of not weakening ourselves too much at home , why should we desist from raising that description of force which is most easily obtained ; which , being regular , is equal to any army , which , with the exception of its officers , has not seen service ; and which will at once liberate for offensive operations a corresponding proportion of the army ? —It appearing then to me almost a matter of demonstration , except so far as the regulation for the improvement of a soldier 's condition may counteract the effect , ( an arrangement which I have before stated to be as applicable to the army in its present state ) that the scheme intended , must have a tendency to diminish , rather than increase , our supply of recruits generally . I wish to state the very serious effect the alterations of the soldier 's term of service must have , either in producing , when it comes fairly into operation , a large annual waste on the army , in addition to what now occurs , or to occasion , at certain periods , a still more alarming deficiency.— The right hon . gent . has chosen to encounter the former difficulty by permitting the soldier to claim his discharge even in war , that is , within six months after the expiration of any period , rather than hold him , as the militia are now held , to serve to the end of the war . By this means he endeavours to avoid , perhaps , the more serious danger to which the country might find itself exposed at the end of a war , by being left as completely without an army , as it usually is without a militia , but with this important distinction , that whilst it is sure