there the people were poor and ignorant , and , in general , without property . Such people were apt to be led astray by idle stories , and promises of having land given them for their services , and might be induced to join an invading enemy . They would , therefore , be better in England , where they would be of real service , in a military capacity ; and the militia of England would be a certain security for the defence of Ireland . The legislative measure of union had taken place ; a measure which he voted for , and hoped would , in the end , be productive of the happiest effects ; but it was impossible an act of parliament 453 could eradicate old prejudices , and those who were poor and ignorant would , as he had before stated , be liable to all the bad effects of those prejudices , which might he removed by their being sent from home . At the breaking out of this war , he said , the government had resorted to a measure of raising sea fencibles , a measure which might do very well in England , but would not in Ireland . There were , however , in Ireland , many men upon the different coasts who were employed in a variety of small craft . Some naval officers had been employed by government to make a survey of the coasts of Ireland , and in doing so they had found , in the various harbours , creeks , and bays , a body of not less than 10,000 men , employed in craft of different kinds , who might , perhaps , become valuable assistants to an invading foe . He thought those men might be embodied and brought over to this country , with great advantage , to act in the capacity of sea fencibles . There would also a farther benefit result from employing them in this way . When the fertility of the Irish was considered , it was not going too far to estimate those men having families of five or six each ; so that you would , in time , add to the population of the country , from 50 to 60,000 people . The hon . member mentioned several other good consequences which he thought would result from their mixing the Irish with the English militia , and hoped the bill would be productive of the most salutary effects.—The bill was then read a second time , and ordered to be committed to-morrow . in pursuance of the notice which he had given , rose to submit to the house his motion on this subject . He said , that it must have been observed by the house , that in the ordinary estimates of the navy which had been laid on the table of the house by the member of the late administration , whose department it was to do so then , was an item of 20,000l . stated to be for the purpose of defraying the expences of the Civil Commissioners of the Navy . It was extraordinary that no information was contained in the body of the estimates of the intended application of that sum . The Commissioners of Naval Enquiry had sat for three years , and had been engaged during the whole of that time in an arduous course of public services , which they had most meritoriously performed , and yet no provision whatever had been made for a re- 454 muneration to them for their labours . These Civil Commissioners had been appointed but three months , and at the expiration of that period application was made to parliament to place the sum of 20,000l . at their disposal . It was certainly just that all those who were employed by the public should be paid by the public , but there should be something like decency in the mode of the application , and something like decency in the selection of the time at which such application was brought forward . In all former commissions of