by lord Eldon . said , he had framed a clause which he intended to propose as a substitute for the proviso , and which he thought would answer every purpose intended to be provided for by the noble and learned lord ( Eldon ) , whilst at the same time it would obviate the objections made to the proviso by other noble lords . Instead of referring generally to the practice of courts of equity , which had been objected to as not being consonant with the practice of courts of common law , he proposed to state specifically the exceptions to the general rule laid down in the bill . In the clause he had drawn up he proposed to enact , that no mortgagee , or bonâ fide purchaser , or possessor of an estate should be compelled to answer any question , the answering which might probably tend to defeat his title , or incur a forfeiture of his estate . He meant , of course , a civil forfeiture ; as in the case of a widow , who on marrying again forfeited property , she 484 should not be compelled to answer a question as to the fact of her marriage.—On a question from lord Holland , lord Ellenborough replied , that he proposed to substitute his clause for the whole proviso which had been added to the bill , on the motion of the noble and learned lord ( Eldon ) . expressed his approbation of the clause , which he thought would answer every purpose intended by the proviso.—The further consideration of the bill was then postponed till to-morrow , to give time for the engrossment of the clause . from the Stamp Office , presented an account of the arrears and balances in the hands of the distributers on the 10th of Oct. 1805 , and also on the 5th of Jan. 1806.—Mr . Shaw Lefevre presented a petition from the governors of St. Luke 's Hospital , complaining of a surcharge which had been imposed upon them for servants who were indispensably necessary to the purposes of the hospital ; and also , that the commissioners to whom they appealed had confirmed the said surcharge . The petitioners therefore prayed for the interposition of parliament . When the petition was read , Mr. Shaw Lefevre stated , that if the business were not taken up by government , he would take occasion to propose that all hospitals , and other charitable institutions , should be exempted from the operation of the Income Tax . The propriety of such an exemption was , he thought , forcibly suggested by the case stated in this petition.—Mr . H. Addington gave notice of a motion for tomorrow , relative to some orders on the books for the production of certain documents relative to India . The object of his motion he described to be this , that those who immediately presided over the affairs of India should be invested with a discretionary power , as in other cases , to withhold any of the documents , the production of which might appear to be injurious to the public service . brought in a bill to amend an act , made in the last session , for appointing commissioners to enquire and examine into any irregularities and abuses which might have taken place in conducting and managing the paving , cleansing , and lighting the streets of Dublin , and for making several provisions relating thereto ; and to 485 suspend proceedings in certain actions or suits under the said act . Upon the motion for the first reading , took occasion to animadvert upon the conduct of lord Hardwicke towards the late Paving Board of Dublin . which was composed of respectable persons , but whose character had suffered much in public estimation in consequence of the measures taken by lord Hardwicke for the suspension of their powers . From this suspension an idea had gone abroad that they had been guilty of some malversation . said , that lord Hardwicke had thought it his duty to institute an enquiry upon the subject