the British Colonies in foreign bottoms was , he said , prohibited . It was evident that the vessels of the United States of America were foreign bottoms , and therefore came under the prohibitory clauses of these acts . From the peace of 1783 to 1788 they were precisely in this situation . In the latter year a legislative measure was resorted to upon the subject , which continued till the year 1793 , from which period till the year 1801 , the governors of the British Colonies in the West Indies exercised the power of granting , as necessity required , permission to import provisions and lumber from America , and every year a bill was passed to indemnify those concerned in advising or exercising this measure , for their acting contrary to law . It happened , however , that in 1801 , owing to the confusion arising from the change of Administration , a bill of this description was omitted to be brought forward , and the subject had escaped attention until the present time , when , on turning to its consideration , he found this to be the state of the case . It became , therefore , necessary to indemnify four administrations , including that now in office , for having thus acted contrary to law since the year 1801 , as well as the governors of the West-India Islands ; this was the object of the bill , which it was his intention to introduce , and which , he had no doubt , would be supported by all those noble lords who had formed a part of the four administrations to which he had alluded . With respect to the subject itself , it was certainly of the greatest importance that our West-India Colonies should be regularly sup- 594 plied with provisions . From the nature of their cultivation they could only grow a very small part of the provisions necessary for their subsistence . He was not disposed to quarrel with the United States of America for supplying the West-India islands with those articles ; on the contrary , he was disposed to think it an advantageous intercourse . If the islands were left to depend upon this country for a supply of provisions , it must necessarily , in time of war , be precarious , whilst in the event of scarcity , ships sailing from this country would , of course , go to those islands where they expected to get the highest prices , and probably pass those which were most in want . A regular supply of provisions to our West-India islands could only be ensured to them from America , and his opinion was , that the enactment of our laws ought not to be followed up with any view of preventing the Americans from deriving an advantage from the intercourse . The neutral bottoms of the Americans were of use to us in time of war ; the advantage was mutual . The United States of America had grown with our growth , and strengthened with our strength , and had contributed much to the increase of our commerce ; a commerce which had arisen to an unexampled pitch of prosperity , and which was greatly superior now to what it ever had been , even in time of peace . Thus it appeared from official documents , that the value of the exports from this country of British manufactures , which on the average of the five years , ending in 1793 , amounted to 15,400,000l . amounted , on the average of the five years ending in 1805 , to 25,600,000l . He thought it would be advisable to introduce some regulation , in order that the intercourse between our West-India colonies and America , might be placed upon a more certain footing : this might be effected by authorizing the governors to issue proclamations from time to time , allowing the importation from America , each proclamation to be in force for six months , which would ensure a more regular supply , there being a certainty that no interruption would