which has taken place within the last nine years , the demand of a further advance to these meritorious men can not be considered unreasonable . To establish any increase of wages proportionate to the circumstances I have mentioned , it is not my intention to attempt . Indeed such a thing would be scarcely possible . I have endeavoured to keep equally in view the degrees of rank and the merits of service ; and hope I have avoided the injustice and inconvenience of any partial selection , such as prevailed in 1797 , when the addi- 911 tion to the seamen 's wages was not such as to afford them much advantage or satisfaction , and yet it created an undue proportion in their favour . By any man who rejects but a moment on the sufferings , the privations , and the services of our seamen , it is impossible that a doubt can be entertained of the propriety of affording them every means of consolation in our power . Look but at the difficulties and dangers to which they are exposed every hour ; review the manner in which they have overcome every difficulty and danger that has heretofore assailed them , and mark the glory which you have derived from their dauntless exertions . After this review , is there an English heart which would not revolt at a moment 's hesitation to grant the just claims of an English seaman ? But independently of any appeal to liberality , the pretensions of the seamen are incontrovertible . When we consider the nature of the service in which they are engaged , what must be our reflections ? Withdrawn from all the enjoyments of domestic comfort , exposed to all the hazards of war , deprived of the profits and security they had on board merchant-ships , from which for the most part they have been taken ; the prospect , in fact , of future advancement cut off , and perhaps forfeited for ever ; such has been the state of the greater part of your present seamen for years back , excepting in some degree , that period of disturbed and agitated peace , if that could be called peace , in which you were subject to all the embarrassments , and obliged to maintain all the expences and apparatus of war . A large proportion indeed of your seamen has been in actual service for 12 or 13 years , and in actual service of the most toilsome , dangerous , unprofitable , and unpromosing description ; compelled for the most part , of late years , to encounter the inclemency of all seasons , they have had to watch the enemy in his ports , without even the hope of meeting and conquering him , which would render a British seamen indifferent to fatigue . No ; the enemy having no means of safety but in eluding the vigilance of our seamen , disappoints that thirst for conquest and glory which distinguishes our gallant tars , and which reconciles them to danger . Under such an accumulation of disadvantages , can you , I say , refuse them any comfort in your power to administer ? can you hesitate to furnish them with the means of solace on their midnight watch ? —Having now stated 912 so much at large , the motives which have induced me to bring forward this proposition , I shall now proceed to detail the several items of the encrease which I have to offer for your consideration . It will be observed , that my arrangement does not include the landsmen ; because I feel , that as they enter voluntarily , aware of all the circumstances of the situation in which they engage , they stand on a footing quite different from that of the seamen . Now , as to the scale of augmentation , I propose to allow every ordinary seaman an additional pay of 2s . per month ; to every able seaman 4s . per month ; to all petty officers , who , according to the universal opinion ,