led to consider the sacredness of the ecclesiastical property of the country , and alluded to a project Which was entertained even by a member of that house , for laying hands on the same , for state purposes , towards the close of the American war . He adverted to the deplorable consequences which had resulted in France , from acting on such principle : and deprecated the steps which were now taking upon it , in a part of the Spanish dominions . After animadverting on these important considerations , he reverted to the bill in question , and censured its principle , among other very objectionable points of view , as tending to the extinction of the prebendal character . Deeming the bill incurable in a committee , he felt it his duty to oppose its further progress . thought it but fair the bill should go to a committee ; and , after some observations upon part of what had fallen from the noble and learned lords , said , the third reading of the bill would afford a more regular opportunity for discussing the principle of it . was of opinion the bill should be suffered , at least , to go to a committee , were it only in justice to the parties ; in this view , he made some observations on what had been alledged in favour of the bill , of which he thought several of the kind had met with the sanction of parliament . made a few remarks on what had transpired in the course of discussion ; under the circumstances of such a bill as that under consideration , he thought the present not the stage to resist the principle of the bill , which , he was of opinion , ought to go to a committee.—Lord Eldon and the duke of Norfolk spoke shortly in explanation.—The question was then put , and their lordships divided ; when there appeared , For the second reading of the bill , 9 ; against it , 5.—The bill was then ordered to be referred to the consideration of a committee . A message was received from the lords , stating , that they had agreed 960 to the amendments made by the commons to the Witnesses ' Declaratory bill ; also that their lordships would proceed farther in the trial of lord viscount Melville to-morrow morning , at 10 o'clock.—Mr . Goulding gave notice that he should on Tuesday next propose the second reading of the Nabob of Arcot 's bill.—On the motion of sir John Frederick , the Surry Coal Delivery bill was read a second time , and ordered to be committed to a private committee.—On the motion of Mr. Manning , the London Wet Dock bill was read a third time and passed.—Mr . Yorke , with a view to obtain a just estimate of the probable effect of recruiting for a term of years , wished the house to be in possession of the total amount of the army in the American war , for the purpose of shewing what proportion the men raised for limited service bore to the general amount . He therefore moved , that there be laid before the house an account of the effective force of the regular army on the British establishment , rank and file , distinguishing those for limited and unlimited service , and distinguishing cavalry from infantry , for each year , from 21st December 1774 , to 21st December 1784 , distinguishing each year . The Secretary at War said , that he had no objection to the production of the account , which , when produced , would shew that the recruiting service was considerably advanced by the principle of enlistment for limited periods.—Lord Castlereagh thought , that certainly the best opportunity for discussing that subject , would be when the papers should be before the house . But he believed the right hon . gent . would find , that , upon a comparison of any seven years of the last war , with a similar period of the American war , it would