. These assertions must suppose that the company receive large supplies from India , and in goods too ; because goods furnish the only mode in which such supplies can come ; else how could the company make such payments here ? for their capital is not nearly equal to them , and is so diffused in their concerns as not to be annually revertible to such purposes.—As to the export of bullion to India for the purposes of commerce ; nothing is now better understood than that bullion may be employed like any other article of merchandize , and may sometimes be the most advantageous export for the purchase of commodities abroad . So it has often been found in the commerce between Europe and Asia , as well by the ancients as in our own times ; and 212 the reason is plain : the mutual wants of Europeans and Asiatics for the commodities of each other are not equal . The Europeans demand more of the productions of Asia , than the Asiatics will take of the commodities of Europe ; of course the difference must be paid by the common medium of bullion . But this , if it were a loss to Europe in general , is no loss to thin country , because we receive the bullion from abroad in exchange for our own manufactures ; and whether we send to India our manufactures , or the bullion paid to us by other countries to them , is much the same . It is true , that for some time after our first acquisition of Indian territory , the large surplus of revenue rendered it unnecessary for the company to continue the exportation of specie . This again , from the diminution of our surplus revenue and the increase of trade , has altered , and bullion is now exported by private merchants as well as the company , upon the truest principles of trade . The company have sent bullion to India for other purposes , and these perhaps the hon . gent . confounds with commercial remittances . A judicious plan was formed a few years ago , principally by the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) near me , for the liquidation of the . Indian debt . The principle of the plan was , by an augmentation of the net surplus abroad and commercial profits at home , to raise a fund of 2 millions annually , for the reduction of tire debt . The increased exports of goods and bullion from hence , which this plan required , were accordingly made ; but all the bullion , as soon as it reached India , was applied to the purposes of war , which has continued to defeat the effects intended from this salutary plan . From the same unhappy cause the India investments , which were intended to be larger , have fallen short of their usual standard , and in the present year are greatly reduced . With respect to the freedom of the company in the management of their affairs , this is a delicate subject . The law has appointed a board of commissioners to superintend the conduct of the directors in all matters not commercial . The board exercises this superintendance , and from the manner of exercising it , differences of opinion have not unfrequently arisen . But , in matters purely commercial , the court are left at perfect liberty , except as to the amount of funds to be applied in India to the purpose of investment . In the species of goods to 213 be traded in , in their cost and quality , in the ships to be employed , the times of their dispatch , and the sale of goods , the company are left at perfect liberty ; but if commercial questions arise , which , in the opinion of the commissioners , involve points of a political nature , they will interfere . Such they held to be the question of the private trade , agitated a few years ago , in which the directors thought themselves hardly