Judges of this country were held , was itself , the hon . gent . declared , of extreme importance . There was not perhaps any thing which so much endeared our political system to the people of this country , so much as the firm persuasion of the perfect impartiality with which justice , especially our criminal justice , was administered . And surely tins was the very lest period in which we should consent to a change which would have the effect of more than bringing into question this great object of the people 's attachment . Surely , at a time when the circumstances of this country were such as to call for the efforts of every individual in its defence , when heavy burthens must be borne and large sacrifices must be made , this was not a time to weaken that love of the constitutional laws of our country , which it should rather be our endeavour to inflame and increase.—It might , perhaps , appear an objection of an inferior kind ; only however because there were others of such extreme importance , that introducing a Judge into the Cabinet and making him a politician , would engross perhaps no small share of that time and attenion 340 which the important duties of his judicial functions might well claim entire and undiminished . As a mere member of the house Of lords , he would not be likely to busy himself much with political matters . But , when he should be called upon regularly and habitually to take a part in devising , and framing , and executing , and defending all the measures of executive government throughout their whole extent , the case would be widely different . It would be impossible for him to fulfil this duty , without abstracting much of that time and attention which ought to be devoted to the duties of his judicial office.—There was another objection of great importance , which he would the rather urge , because it had not hitherto been touched by any gentleman who had hitherto spoken . It was known that the Judges could only be removed from their situations by the address of the two houses of parliament . Thus the two houses were by law constituted the standing superintend , ants of the conduct of the Judges of the land , a most important duty which they were well panned to perform so long as the Judges should remain without any close connection with our great political parties . But , how would this duty be fairly and impartially administered after a Judge , by becoming a member of the Cabinet , should become identified with the government of the country , should consequently be closely connected with the ruling party in both houses , and be in hostility to the party in opposition ? His conduct , whatever it might be , continually arraigned by one party , would be defended by the other . It might become one common mode and form of opposition to attack the professional character of a Judge.—The hon . gent . said , he would only add on this head ; the considerations he had just been urging would abundantly prove how little it accorded with the genius and spirit of our constitution , to make our first criminal Judge a member of executive government ; and they afforded an answer to what had been stated , that there was no positive law against the measure . The answers which had been made to the motion by the hon . gentlemen opposite to him , had been so fully replied to , that he would only touch lightly on one or two of them . The instance of lord Mansfield had been mentioned as a justification of the measure . But it weighed with him in the directly opposite scale.—For , was there ever a Judge to whom it 341 was so strongly objected that he carries his political prepossessions to the seat o justice ? Now it is accounted for ; he was a member of the Cabinet . We before