. If every particular case was referred to the Judges , we should not be consulting them for the purpose of gaining information upon which we might form our own opinions , but we should be asking them advice upon our 225 own conduct , and consulting them how to regulate it according to law . Were that the practice adopted , and they were required to give opinions on the case , and not simply consulted on the general points of law , there could be no reason stated why the whole body of evidence on a trial , or any other proceeding , might not be referred to the Judges , and they required to advise the house what verdict to give . Such a doctrine and such a practice would be derogatory to the dignity of the house ; subversive of the law and usage of parliament ; and a virtual surrender of the independence and dignity of the highest judicature in the country , to the practice and rules of the inferior courts . He was therefore convicted that the learned Judges attended on the woolsacks , to furnish their lordships with such information as they might feel necessary towards regulating their conduct , but not for the purpose of being consulted as to what that conduct should be : and being convinced that the recognition of the impropriety of general questions being put to them , would be an acknowledgement that the object of their attendance was for the latter and not the former purpose , and that such acknowledgement would be pregnant with serious evils to the law and usage of parliament , he felt bound to protest to the admission of the answer given in in writing by the Judges . said , his noble friend had mistaken the practice of parliament , with respect to the questions referred to the Judges . If his noble friend had , like himself , endured the misery of attending for six years , during the trial of Warren Hastings , he would have known that it had been constantly the practice to refer questions to the Judges , upon specific points , and individual cases . He could not , at the same time , agree with his noble friend , as to the general propriety of requiring an answer from the learned Judges , to a question , respecting an abstract point of law . Such a question might involve both negative and positive , relations , and how was it possible for the learned Judges to give a general answer , of yes or no , to a question , which they could not , indeed , answer , without making a thousand , or , perhaps , ten thousand , exceptions to the general rule laid down ? With respect to the bill itself , he was of opinion , that there should not be a different law for A. to what there was for B. ; 226 and he had an idea , if it was not carried into effect by any other person , of proposing a general law upon the subject , contained in a short bill , according to which , the evidence given by any person respecting any matter in issue , should not be afterwards made use of in any way against him . after briefly stating the circumstances which gave rise , on a former occasion , to putting these questions to the Judges , observed , that it was clear , from the statement of the learned chief Justice , that the learned Judges had not really declined to answer the question , on account of its being of too general a nature , but that they had differed in opinion with respect to the subject matter which that question involved , and , therefore , they could not return a general answer , either one way or the other . He looked up with reverence and respect to the opinion of the Judges ; he wished to have their opinion upon such a question ; the house had a right to call for