for the 2d reading of the Dublin paving bill be discharged , stating , that it was the intention of the Irish government to bring in a bill for a similar purpose.—Mr . Alexander brought up the Report of the Committee of Ways and Means of yesterday , when the Resolution extending the duty on 1021 Pig Iron to the stock on hand was read and agreed to , and was ordered to form a provision in the Iron Duty bill . moved the order of the day for the third reading of this bill . On the question being put , cautioned the house how they were deceived by mistaken ideas of humanity into the passing of this bill . No measure which had been brought forward for a long time could , he was convinced , inflict so deep and lasting a wound on the commerce of this country . He had communicated his sentiments on the subject to ministers . Whether they had attended to them , he could not say . But he now stated to the house , that the passing of this bill would occasion a loss to British manufacturers of not less than from 2 to 3 millions annually , besides lessening our export of East-India commodities ; and this at a time when the north of Europe was almost closed against us , and when measures were taking in North America to narrow the introduction of our manufactures into that country . Neither would this bill tend to promote the cause of humanity . The Americans at present carried it on without any restriction , and not subject to those wise and humane regulations which parliament had enacted as binding upon their own subjects . The object of the framers of the bill on the score of humanity would not therefore be attained ; while our trade with Africa , which was exceedingly important , would receive the most serious injury . He particularly objected to one clause of the bill , which enacted , that if any foreign vessel should take on board from this country , any manufactures to be disposed of in the African trade , it should be liable to be seized . No human ingenuity could devise a regulation more likely than this to endanger a breach of amity with North America , since vessels from that country were very frequently in the habit of fitting out from our ports for that very trade . Hs felt it his duty to make these observations , and expressed his conviction , that should the bill pass into a law , it would be attended with the most baneful effects . supported the bill , but hoped it was not meant to be substituted for the total abolition , which , he was convinced , would accord better with the feelings of the present ministers . He was a friend to the present bill however , as he was convinced every friend to humanity must be . The Slave trade was an evil of which any diminution 1022 would give him pleasure . It was an evil which had increased , was increasing , and ought to be diminished . took shame to himself for not having attended during the previous stages of this bill . He had not been aware that it was a bill so mischievous in its nature as he now found it to be . Instead of benefiting the cause of humanity , it would injure it exceedingly . What was given up here would be adopted elsewhere , without any of the humane regulations established by this country . Government surely did not wish to bring all human misery to a focus , and that that focus should be Great Britain ! If we were , however , to philosophise , let us do so while our looms were full . Was it a reason because our artful enemy had at present succeeded in putting our trade to a stand , by driving our manufactures from the continent of Europe , that we should aid him in accomplishing his end , and should ourselves