by a national advantage . He could not but think , that he would serve as a model for his profession to study . He did shewn , through the course of a long life , what determined perseverance , and unshaken devotion to his country , could accomplish . It was a great object , in any service , to know what could be done in that service . The life and achievements of lord Nelson would continue to animate the British navy to the end of time . He certainly did not mean to say , that our navy required any thing to render it more courageous in presence of an enemy , but still the example of lord Nelson would shew them what skill and enterprize , combined with bravery , was capable of effecting . He had thought it an act of his parliamentary duty not to pass over ( to do justice to , was beyond his power ) the splendid character whom all had so much reason to lament . He trusted that he should not be supposed insensible of the merits of the gallant officers under lord Nelson , of the merits of lord Collingwood , lord Northesk and sir R. Strachan ; never , indeed , was 103 there an instance in which every man had done his duty so completely as in the occurrences then under the consideration of the house . He must therefore hope to stand acquitted , of having allowed the absorbent merit of one character to induce him to withhold his gratitude from the rest.—The noble lord concluded with moving ; 1 . `` That an humble address be presented to his majesty , that his majesty will be graciously pleased to give directions , that a monument be erected in the cathedral church of St. Paul , London , to the memory of the late ever-to-be-lamented lord viscount Nelson , who fell gloriously in the moment of the most brilliant and decisive victory , obtained by his skill and enterprise over the combined fleet of France and Spain , off Cape Trafalgar , on the 21st of October last ; and to assure his majesty that this house will make good the expence attending the same . '' 2 . `` That the thanks of this house be given to vice-admiral lord Collingwood , for his able and gallant conduct in the most glorious and decisive victory obtained by the late vice-admiral lord viscount Nelson , over the combined fleet of France and Spain , off Cape Trafalgar , on the 21st of October last . '' took this opportunity of observing , that it was meant hereafter to propose , that some provision should be made for lord Collingwood and sir R. Strachan . enquired whether or not any reward was intended for the earl of Northesk ? replied in the affirmative . objected to this second resolution ; that it did not come up to the services of the noble lord , as it merely stated them generally under the term `` able and gallant conduct , '' without that distinct enumeration to which , in his opinion , they were indubitably entitled . answered , that this had not escaped the attention of his majesty 's ministers . On an ample consideration of the subject , however , whatever might be the high sense entertained by them of the gallant lord 's conduct , it had been deemed adviseable , to prevent the establishment of a precedent which might create confusion in some future case where differences of opinion might exist , to conform the resolution to the words usually adopted on similar occasions . The noble lord then 104 moved , 3 . `` That the thanks of this house he given to rear-admiral the earl of Northesk , and the several captains and officers in the fleet under the command of the late lord viscount Nelson , who , by their bravery and good conduct , contributed to that most glorious and decisive victory ; and that vice-admiral lord Collingwood do signify the same to rear-admiral the earl of Northesk ,