the formation of his measures , trusted solely to the resources of his own capacious mind , Upheld by the dignity of conscious rectitude ; yet , that when he was convinced that these measures were erroneous , he abandoned them , regardless of the accusations which were directed against him of inconstancy end inconsistency , and readily adopted others of a different description . It was this that rendered him one of the safest ministers that this country ever saw ; and the real confidence that be thus acquired amply repaid him for the humiliation , if it might be so termed , which a retrograde motion seemed in the first instance to incur . Returning to the question before the house , he declared , that in his opinion the bill called on men to furnish what it was impossible they could furnish . That the measure had been highly serviceable , as having afforded much useful information , and many valuable hints , no one could deny . It had thrown a strong light on the best mode of procedure . He concurred with the rt . hon . gent . who bad just sat down , on the danger to the constitution which attended the introduction or formation of a large standing army , got he did not think that that rt . hon . gent . had stated the argument fairly . Let it be remembered that the Levy en Masse , however slight might be its training , would in time , accustom the whole population of the country to arms , and they would thus be enabled to 1003 withstand a regular upon it . Besides the number , who according to the rt . hon secretary 's plan , must , after the expiration 7 years from the present time , go out of the regular army annually , would by mixing with the people , very , considerably increase their strength , He could not but be of opinion , that we were too much disposed to think ourselves a military nation and to depart from our true and proper character by which we had attained to our present greatness . He thought we ought to endeavour to preserve no more of the military character , than what was sufficient to enable us to maintain a respectable rank among the nations of Europe . There are other ways in which we could occasionally assist our Continental Allies , besides that of sending them large bodies of troops . Above all let us not think of rivalling the French as a military people . Some parts of the plan proposed by the rt . hon . sectretary , he highly dissapproved . He different widely from , him about the Volunteers . He trusted that he would consider this part of Subject with fairness , and not allow himself to be so bigotted to his own opinion , as to refuse to listen to any qualification of a system which certainly in itself possessed many advantages . In several instances the Volunteers had shewn the most praiseworthy spirit and alacrity . On an alarm being accidentally given on the coast in the North Riding of Yorkshire , all the Volunteers in the West Riding were called out . The utmost promptitude was displayed , and on occasion did such numbers attend their posts in so short a time , scarcely a man being wanted . When the rt . hon . secretary allowed , that the levy en masse would serve to recruit the ranks of the regular army , he would scarcely contend , that the Volunteers would not be much better qualified for that purpose . said , that when in opening a new plan , the rt . hon . secretary , had joined with his other propositions , one for the repeal of this act , he must consider those propositions as connected with this subject . The object proposed was an increase of the military force , in which all agreed . This he would effect , by additional honours and distinctions , and by an increase