subsidy to the company , and set aside a fund every year of 12 lacs , in liquidation of his debt to his private creditors , being British subjects , and of his debt to the company . The private creditors , according to the orders of the court of Directors , were to consist of 3 classes only , the other debts of the Nabob not having at that time fallen under their notice . The 3 classes consisted of , 1 . The debt distinguished by the name of the Consolidated Debt of 1767 , amounting 726 to 7,96,445 pagodas ; 2 . The old Cavalry Debt , 6,90,624 pagodas ; 3 . The Consolidated Debt of 1777 , 54,98,500 pagodas , making a total of 69,85,570 pagodas , or , in British money , 2,794,228l . ? These private creditors were called upon to inscribe their names in a register , and hence these 3 classes of debts were denominated the registered debts of the Nabob of Arcot . The hon . gent . said , he mentioned this circumstance , that gentlemen , when he spoke of the registered debts , might understand his meaning without further explanation , and comprehend what debts were included under that denomination . He could specify the regulations by which the court of directors fixed the proportion of the 12 lacs of pagodas , which was to be employed in liquidation of the claims of the private creditors , and the part which was to he appropriated to the discharge of the debt to the company ; but he was fearful of being led too touch into detail , and of occupying too much of the time of the house . It was sufficient to say that he possessed a copy of these regulations , and should be ready to produce them , if any gentleman should wish to hear the statement . In Feb , 1787 , a new treaty was entered into between the Nabob Wallak Jah and sir Archibald Campbell , then governor of Madras , by which it was agreed that the military subsidy , to be in future paid by his highness in time of peace , should be 9 lacs of pagodas , and that 4-5th of the revenues of the Carnatic should be appropriated to the use of the company in case either of the parties should be at war , for the treaty was both offensive and defensive . Twelve lacs of pagodas , as by Mr. Davidson 's treaty , were to be annually contributed for the discharge both of the private and public debts of the Nabob , subject to the company 's regulations , to which he had before alluded . A few years afterwards it was found , so dilatory had the Nabob been in his payments , that an arrear of about 19 lacs , had accrued under the two before-mentioned treaties . At the close of 1789 , Tippo Sultaun , the king of Mysore , made an attack upon the ally of the company , the Travancore Rajah . The late marquis Cornwallis , then governor-general , went to the assistance of the Rajah , and demanded from time Nabob of the Carnatic , the contribution stipulated by his treaty with sir A. Campbell . The 4-5th 's of the revenues were , however , so irregularly paid , that a considerable arrear 727 was soon found to exist ; the supplies of grain and cattle were so tardily provided by the Nabob 's servants , that the service suffered considerable detriment . On these two grounds , the marquis Cornwallis found himself under the necessity of assuming pro tempore the civil in addition to the military government of the Carnatic , and the entire management of the revenues . At the close of this war which was brought to a glorious termination in 1792 , the marquis Cornwallis returned the country into the hands of the Nabob , and formed a new treaty with his highness , by which it was stipulated that 9 lacs of pagodas should in future be paid to the