some desperate experiment upon this country . He had no doubt that the best dispositions would be made to receive them warmly , but he could not help suggesting the propriety of not allowing Woolwich to be the sole depository of our means of defence . It behoved government to take steps to create some great central depot . It might be said that one was forming at Wedenbeck , but this was not sufficiently central . He would advise one at Leicester , or Nottingham , in which every thing should be provided and ready for an army of 200,000 men . Under the present circumstances , should any contingency allow the French to waft a large body of troops over to our shores , it was very possible , that the British army might be compelled to act at an unfavourable juncture , merely for the defence of Woolwich , which from its nearness to the coast opposite to France , and from the rapidity with which the French troops were accustomed to march , would be in considerable danger . Every one knew the importance of a great arsenal . It was the capture of the Austrian arsenal in Vienna , that led to the treaty of Presburgh . No man would fight worse , because he knew every means were taken to ensure success to his exertions . Should a central depot , such as he had recommended , be established ; should the French land and he enabled to advance , the country might rely on the bravery of the people of the North , of the inhabitants of Yorkshire , of Cheshire , of Lancashire , who would thus have it in their power to combat , and there could be no doubt , ultimately , to defeat the foe . After a brief recapitulation , he concluded by declaring , in the words of Mr. Burke , `` that he would rather be despised for too anxious apprehension , than ruined by too confident security . '' said , that instead of the question before the house , and the only regular one in discussion , the speech of the hon . general embraced such a variety of topics as rendered it extremely difficult to discover what was his principal object . He should not , however , follow him over a field so desultory and irrelevant , but confine himself to the subject of the Ordnance Estimates ; with the merit or demerit of which , those who had now the direction of that branch of the public service certainly had little or nothing to do ; nor could they have the most distant wish of assuming to themselves any share of the praise or dispraise to which it might be entitled , or to conceal from the house what every clerk in the offices belonging to that department must know ; namely , that those estimates were formed by their predecessors in office . They found them ready formed , and under existing circumstances , deemed it eligible to adopt them ; and so far from depreciating their merits , he was ready to defend their adoption , against any censure which might be thrown on them . The noble lord now at the head of that department had found , that great expenditures laid already been devoted to the establishment of old works and systems of defence begun , which he deemed it much more eligible to complete and carry into effect , than to attempt the erection or establishment of new . With regard to those designs that had been only planned , but of which the execution had not been begun by the former administration , he admitted that some of them had also been included in the estimates now on the table ; but the board did not therefore pledge themselves to abide by those plans . They might adopt them with exceptions , or reject some of them entirely , as should appear most proper on farther deliberation , or from the occurrence of new circumstances . In this case the money that had been destined