it , and who must answer for it if wrong . This might suit some of the members of the late unfortunate administration , but it would not pass ; and let not the noble earl ( Mulgrave ) imagine that such a subterfuge could avail . If a majority of the other house of parliament , for instance , were to bring up articles of impeachment against the rash , unprovoked , injurious publication of treaties , letters , and papers , by which the good faith of the country was violated , its honour and reputation tarnished , and by which it was likely to be for ever cut off from all confidence , communication , or correspondence , with any other country in the universe : by which too its friends and allies , those who had been drawn in to make common cause with us , were to be ruined and undone ; by which our and their implacable enemy was to be furnished with arguments 278 for completing their ruin ; as , for instance , by the mention of Naples , to furnish Bonaparte with the proof that that unfortunate country was , from the beginning , engaged on our side . If such articles of impeachment were to be brought up from the other house , do not let the noble Carl fancy , that the responsibility could be frittered away , by being divided over all the Cabinet of which the minister for foreign affairs was a member . No ; the house would look to the sole and responsible man , recognized by the constitution , which abhorred the idea of a prime minister . If this were not the case ; if the individual who not only advised , but personally acted on the occasion , were not responsible in himself , then there was an end to all the securities which were proffered by our constitution . There was also in fact an end to all the boasted liberties of the people . It appeared , according to the opinions expressed by some of their lordships , that it was impossible for any thing like freedom to exist , if the judicial and executive authorities were in any degree united . Their separation , it had been observed , was attended to even in Turkey . He acknowledged that he never had heard of Turkish judges being employed on a diplomatic mission , though an instance of that kind had occurred in a country whose constitution , in many respects , resembled our own . Mr. Jay , who concluded the treaty between this country and the united states , was , he believed , a chief justice ; of course , if the doctrine laid down by the noble lord opposite to him was true , Turkey was a land of liberty , and the government of the united states one of the most despotic in the world . Lord Mansfield sat in the same Cabinet with the late earl of Chatham , but it appeared that noble lords on the other side were become so delicate , that they could not now stomach what that great man thought perfectly consistent with the constitution . It was said that regency acts did not afford precedents in point , as they were passed on extraordinary occasions , and intended for only short periods . The last bill of that kind , however , which passed , was in contemplation of a minority which might have continued for 15 or 16 years . The noble lord , then , must suppose that the present administration would last longer than that period , and he was happy to draw from his opinion so favourable an omen of its duration . From some opinions which had been declared on this 279 question , he was at a loss to conjecture what idea some noble lords had formed respecting the judges of the kingdom . It appeared to be their wish that persons in that situation should have no relations with the rest of society ; that they should have no friends ,