to be issued for Okehampton , in the room of lord viscount Althorpe , who , since his election , had accepted of the situation of one of the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral.—On the motion of Mr. Hobhouse , the speaker directed his warrant to be issued for a new writ for Harwich , in the room of the right hon . John Hiley Addington , who , since his election , had accepted of the office of one of the commissioners for the affairs of India , with a salary.—Lady Nelson 's , lord Coiling-wood 's , and sir R. Strachan 's annuity bills were read a second time , and ordered to be committed . The new lord chancellor , the right hon . Thomas lord Erskine , was introduced ( holding the seals in his hand ) between lord Holland and the earl of Moira , preceded by the duke of Norfolk , earl Marshal , and attended by garter king at arms . His patent of creation having been read at the table , and the oaths administered , lord Erskine took his seat as a baron , and afterwards as speaker on the woolsack , when he delivered the seals to his pursebearer.—The house then adjourned during pleasure , that the lord chancellor might unrobe . In a few minutes his lordship returned , and the house being resumed , the malt duty bill , and the pension , & c. duty bill severally passed through committees , and were reported . presented a petition from the debtors in the county jail of Norfolk , praying for relief . Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Corry brought up the report of the committee appointed to try the merits of the petition relative to the Middlesex election . The report was , that the committee had decided that 'Sir Francis Burdett was not duly elected , and that George Boulton Mainwaring was duly elected . He therefore moved , 158 that the return should be amended , by erasing the name of sir Francis Burdett , and inserting that of G. Boulton Mainwaring . Ordered.—A new writ was directed to be issued for the election of a burgess to serve in parliament for the borough of Newark upon Trent , in the room of sir Charles Maurice Pole , who had accepted the place of one of the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral.—On the motion of Mr. Creevey , a new writ was directed to be issued for the election of a knight of , the shire for the county of Surrey , in the room of lord William Russell , who had accepted the place of one of the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral.—A new writ was ordered to be issued for the election of a member for Tavistock , in the room of lord Robert Spencer , who had accepted the stewardship of the Chiltern Hundreds.— A new writ was ordered to be issued for the election of a member to serve for Ryegate in the room of the hon . John Somers Cocks , now lord Somers , called to the house of peers.—A person from the Bank presented an account of the unclaimed dividends due on the 10th of Oct. 1802 , and unpaid on the 23d March , 1805.—Mr . Vansittart moved , `` That there be laid before this house , an account of the net produce of all the permanent taxes and of the war taxes in Great Britain for the years ending the 5th of Jan. 1805 , and the 5th of Jan. 1806 , respectively , distinguishing each quarter . The house resolved itself into a committee of ways and means , in which moved , according to the notice he gave on Friday , for a grant of five million to be raised by exchequer bills . He said , it was with great satisfaction he assured the house , that such was the state of exchequer bills now in the market , that the present intended issue would not in the