from Russia , because time remoteness of that power gave it little advantage in this respect over Great Britain ; 92 but the plan of the campaign , in which was to be employed that immense force , that , exclusively of any troops that might be furnished by Sweden , exclusively of any troops that might proceed from the future decision of the court of Berlin , exclusively of any troops that might be added by the minor powers dependent on that decision ; independently of all these considerations , and highly estimating the armies of Russia and Austria , government had every reason to suppose , that on the first of October , the actual force , in the field , of these two combined powers , if France would not agree to the terms of peace proposed to her , would amount to 500,000 men . Austria declared that she had 320,000 regulars ready at a moment 's warning , beside 20,000 militia in the Tyrol . Russia had engaged to furnish 180,000 men , and did so . The plan of the campaign proceeded solely from Austria , and it would be for the house to decide whether she adhered to it according to compact . He would not pretend to say that the councils of the emperor of Germany had acted in opposition to the interest of that sovereign ; he would not enter into any comments on the conduct pursued on that occasion : he should content himself with stating , that the advance of the Austrians beyond the Inn , and to time position taken by general Mack , at Ulm where , in a military view , it might be said that 80,000 men were annihilated , was a breach of tile plan of operations formed by Austria herself . The court of St. Petersburgh had strictly conformed to the plan : 50,000 Russians arrived at Brannan , on the Inn , two days sooner than , according to the conditions of that plan , was expected . He troubled the house with these observations , because he thought it indispensably necessary that the house should know what continental force government supposed was in the field ; what was the plan of operations by which that force was to be regulated , and how far the disasters that had befallen Austria , were produced by her own acts , or by those of others . Having , stated thus much on the military points of this question , he would say , with respect to the political considerations , that as far as was consistent with the safety of other nations , and with the respect and delicacy which they had a right to demand from us , his majesty 's ministers were anxious to afford to any gentleman , who stated the grounds of 93 his enquiry , such information as could be granted with safety . If , however , there was any part of their conduct , and more particularly with regard to Russia , the explanation of which would be attended with disclosures injurious to the interests of this country , and of Europe , the hon . gentlemen opposite would , in all probability soon have an opportunity of examining , whether their doubts of the propriety of the conduct of this country were founded in fact . For his own part , there was no occurrence that he should more sincerely lament , both on private and on public grounds , than that a transaction of such great importance should , from any change of administration , be buried in darkness ; or , that the details to which be had alluded , and the policy that was founded on them , should by any circumstance be prevented from being sifted to the bottom . While the country had made great and extraordinary sacrifices and exertions , they ought to know , on what account those sacrifices and those exertions were required . In undertaking this discussion , he was fully aware of the severe loss which the present ministers had sustained , by being deprived