of public justice . On the contrary , the cordial support of the hon . gentlemen was promised to the managers who were to conduct the impeachment . He had no doubt of the sincerity of that promise , and as little did he doubt that the present opposition of the hon . gentlemen proceeded from their conviction that they could conduct the business much better than the managers who had been appointed for that purpose . But then he might be afraid of such friends . They had voted against all criminal proceedings whatever , and certainly the therefore ought to be against them . With regard to the length of time , his hon . friend had given sufficient reason to suppose that the difference would not be material ; and as to the argument of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) , who maintained that a trial at the bar of the house of lords would be as public as one in Westminster-hall ; he was convinced that his reasoning would have very little influence on house . Now , why should we resort perpetually for directions to those who had opposed all criminal proceedings in this ease ? It was an old rule of the house , which was now dropped , perhaps properly , but which was not without some grounds to support it , that no persons should be allowed to speak in a committee on a bill who opposed the principle , because it was thought that such persons would not make any alterations in the detail which would promote the object of the bill . As to the policy of the conduct of these gentlemen with regard to themselves , that was their business ; but , in a public view , it would be the worst policy in the world to raise even a suspicion of a collusion with those who opposed the bringing of lord Melville to trial in any way . Could any man doubt with regard to the publicity of this affair , that all the arguments which went to shew the advantage of an impeachment over a criminal information , went also to prove the advantage of a trial in Westminster-hall , above one in the house of lords ? Were they not aware that all the arguments in favour of solemnity and publicity , which had once been urged in favour of an impeachment , might now be turned against themselves ? `` A public spectacle ! '' 554 said an hon . gent . opposite to him . Why , he hoped that every trial of this kind would be rendered a public spectacle , and that as many as possible would be admitted to them ; not , indeed , with a view to influence them ; but that those who were concerned in such trials , might feel the responsibility of their situations and characters ; that the public might be satisfied that every thing was fairly conducted , and that the decision , whether one way or the other , was given with that deliberation and impartiality , which the circumstances of the case required . said , that after the speech of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) , and when it was considered how much warmth he had thrown into that speech , he scarcely knew what course he had to take . If it was decided that the strong arm of government was to fall upon lord Melville , perhaps it would be as well if gentlemen on that side of the house were to hold their tongues altogether . The right hon . gent . besides imputing to them the greatest inconsistency , seemed to consider , that every argument which came from them should be received with the greatest suspicion . The hon . gent . had also stated , that it , was impossible that those who voted for the impeachment could have then in their contemplation that such impeachment would be regulated by the precedent of lord Macclesfield 's case , rather than by that of the