inroads upon the constitution beyond what it had at any other time suffered . These were acts which be could not acknowledge as merits ; and if unanimity were wished for in passing the motion , it would have been wise to abstain from touching on such topics . He thought it a degradation to Mr. Pitt 's high talents and great mind , to claim credit for him for exemption from acts , that would have debased and degraded him to the level of the lowest and most depraved . Was it to be held out as virtue in him , that he did not condescend to become a peculator ? that he did not enrich himself by becoming a plunderer of the public purse ? He believed the right hon . gent . was infinitely above such conduct , and , if he agreed in the vote , it was not for the reasons which had been urged by his friends . He should have thought that he rather degraded the right hon . gent . in taking merit to him from such circumstances . He should have thought the friends of the right hon . gent . would have consulted his honour more in entering into a subscription among themselves to make up the deficiency of his fortune . If their exertions had not been sufficient for the purpose , he declared that he would with pleasure have contributed whatever might have been required from him . If he thought the country at large would agree in thinking this a proper mode of disposing of the public money , he , too , would have agreed in the present vote ; as he did not believe that would be the public opinion , he did not think himself entitled to support the motion . disclaimed all idea of ascribing any merit to the late minister for his not descending to the practices of peculation ; 135 and the great merit he attributed to his lamented friend was , that he , aided by the worth and private virtue of his sovereign , was an instrument in the hand of Providence to save his country from that anarchy with which it was threatened and surrounded . He felt himself bold to say , that his abstaining from deriving any pecuniary emoluments from the ministerial advantages he possessed , was not his only merit . At the time when some political circumstances induced that great man to retire from office , a great sensation was felt in the city of London , on account of his pecuniary embarrassments ; and , at a meeting privately held for that purpose , some gentlemen had come to a resolution to raise , in the space of forty-eight hours , the sum of 100,000l . for his relief . An hon . baronet , who was , probably , then in the house , communicated this resolution to him ( Mr. Rose ) , as a proper person to propose it to his deceased friend , in the manner most likely to reconcile him to it . He did so ; and he solemnly declared , in the presence of God , that the answer he received from Mr. Pitt , was : — '' no consideration upon earth shall ever induce me to accept it . '' This was done , too , at a time when his right hon . friend was in circumstances particularly painful . The hon . gent . said it was a fact not generally known , but known to himself and a few friends , that Mr. Pitt had taken a determination to return to the practice of his original profession , and to endeavour , by the industrious application of his talents , to raise a fund to discharge the incumbrances that pressed on him . Another offer of a similar nature was made in 1801 , to which he also refused to accede . This surely was disinterestedness of the highest order , for the offer was made on grounds the most honourable to him , and to his great and distinguished public