from personal observations , and had stated the matter to the chancellor of the exchequer last year . It often happened , that poor persons , widows and others , possessed of small annuities , being entitled to exemptions , had to incur much trouble and expence in procuring their exemptions He should abstain , however , from pursuing this subject further . His noble friend , he was sure , would give the subject his whole attention , and provide a remedy . It was a subject which , in a great measure , belonged to the consideration of the bill in detail . And when that subject should be under discussion , no gentleman could confer a greater or more essential benefit on his country than by attending and giving the aid of his advice , in order to render the exemptions as little liable to trouble or expence as possible.—The next thing his hon . friend had touched upon was the unfunded debt . The first impression on 611 his own mind had been the same as that of his hon . friend ; but first impressions were often wrong . At first view it would appear extraordinary that an income of a million should be exempt from the tax . But on consideration he thought the unfunded debt might be exempted from the tax without inconvenience or loss . Exchequer bills were liable to be at a discount or premium . Their being exempt from the tax , of course was productive of an advantage to the public , as the government could dispose of them at a higher rate . His first view had leaned to the opinion entertained by the hon . gent. , but on consulting with persons better acquainted with the subject , he was convinced that exchequer bills might be exempted from the tax , without any inconvenience or loss.—The next subject alluded to by the hon . gent. , was one of the highest importance , namely , the Sinking Fund . His hon . friend had said , that all ministers were fond of it . It was well known to his hon . friend , however , that ever since its first establishment , he had been a friend to it . As to the merit of the measure , God forbid ! that he should dispute it with any man . When it was considered what vast additions had then recently been made to the public debt ; it would not be doubted that any administration must , after the American war , have resorted to some such system . But when a man had done a thing , and done it well , he ought to be allowed , for he was justly entitled to , his full praise for having so done . The hon . gent . had said that the only effect of the Sinking Fund had been to keep the 3 per cents at 60 ; and if it had done no more , that was an essential advantage ; it kept up credit , diminished taxation , and lightened the burthens on the people . Besides , whatever kept down the interest of money , must , in a commercial nation , be of infinite service . The hon . gent . would be sensible of this from a little reflection . It was a matter of calculation , and might easily be brought to the result . If he were to take into his consideration the vast loans that had been negociated during the last war , and reflect what would have been the value of the 3 per cents . without a Sinking Fund , he would be sensible of this . Without a Sinking Fund they would have been down at 50 , or suppose that too low , at 54 or 55 ; and on such enormous loans , what would have been lost both in capital add interest to the public ? He was aware that many great and able persons differed 612 with him on this subject , but whatever respect he might have for