The right hon . gent . has argued as if , because a chief judge is usually a privy counsellor , and because a seat at that board is a situation which most men are desirous of obtaining , and which they are unwilling to he deprived of , it must therefore follow , that the objection on the score of influence would not be strengthened by the introduction of a judge from the privy council into the Cabinet . But surely it can not be contended , that the degrees of influence arising from the two situations are in any respect to be compared to each other . Can an ordinary seat at the privy council , which does not necessarily give , or in its consequences lead to , 331 any political confidence , and from which no one is ever removed except for misconduct , bear any comparison with the situation of a person included among those members of the council to whom his majesty intrusts the general administration of his affairs , and who , for the time , are collectively charged with the trust of advising him upon every act of his government ? Looking at the spirit of those wise and salutary provisions which were brought to perfection upon the gracious suggestion of his present majesty , and admitting the fair distinction that has been taken between honorary situations and those attended with emolument , can we doubt that a seat in the Cabinet ( though unaccompanied with salary ) furnishes , with respect to nine ten in ten , more substantive means of influence than any office in the state , however lucrative , to which a similar mark of confidence does not attach ? I must therefore maintain , even upon this ground , that the appointment of lord Ellenborough to a seat in the Cabinet is a departure from the spirit , if not from the letter of those laws , by which the legislature has endeavoured to prevent the crown , that is , the minister of the day , from exercising any influence whatever over the Judges of the land.—Upon the whole , I consider the removal of the chief justice bf the King 's Bench from his natural and proper functions for the purpose of converting bun into the mixed character of judge and politician , and of making him necessarily a member of a party , to be a most unwise and , if persevered in , a most unjustifiable proceeding ; that it is in the present instance to be defended on no grounds of necessity or even of apparent political expediency ; that it is a practice not to be supported by any analogy known to the constitution ; that the only instances from statute , which can be argued in any degree to countenance it , are of imperfect authority in themselves , and are cases of a special nature standing upon their own grounds , rather forming exceptions , than tending to establish a general rule ; and that the only direct . precedent , namely , that of lord Mansfield , amounts , when it is considered with all its circumstances and consequences , to a condemnation of the practice . I deprecate the measure as calculated to raise a feeling , with respect to the judicial system of the country , which perhaps , with the exception of the period when lord Mansfield presided on the bench , has never , at least in modern 332 times , been known to exist . In all the difficulties and dangers to which the establishments of the country have been exposed , the purity of the administration of justice has never been made a matter of question . The bitterest enemies of the constitution have never ventured to utter even a suspicion against it . It is that part of our system , which , in the eyes of every foreign nation , most exalts and distinguishes the country . It is that , the value of which is most felt at home , and is calculated , from the universal sense of