or their political power over the Indian empire , was little more than nominal ; nor could it be otherwise . Well , what has been the result ? Exactly what they ought to have foreseen . When they determined to be sovereigns instead of merchants , or to unite in the company those two incompatible characters , what could they expect but , whether they liked it or not , to be made warriors and conquerors ? that is , that their pretended servants in India , over whom they had no controul nor real authority , would pursue the old game of war and conquest , in their name , at their expence , and finally to their destruction . Look at this re- 209 sult in another point of view ; and , if it be not too late , learn wisdom at last from the aweful lesson , which the state of your commercial connexions with the eastern world ought to have taught you long ago . In that part of Asia , in which the India company has been a sovereign , a warrior , and a conqueror , they can not trade without loss . The sale of their Indian investment , to say the best of it , after paying prime cost , interest , freight , insurance , duties , and charges of merchandise , leaves no profit . Now look at China , where they have no territorial revenues ; where they have made no war ; and where , I hope , even for their own sake , they will never make a conquest . With that country only , they carry on a beneficial trade . From that trade only , they derive the only profits that enable them still to exist in Leadenhall street . in explanation , stated that his sentiments as to the prosperous state of the company 's affairs in the year 1803 , were founded on the fact of there being a clear surplus of 1,150,000l . after the payment of all charges in India . The reason why the public did not receive the 500,000l . on this occasion was , that this sum was payable , not from the Indian funds of the company , nor from the home funds , but from a combination of both . An increased duty laid on teas hail produced a diminution in the sale of that article in that year , which , instead of so great a surplus , left a defalcation of half a million , and thus the claim of the public was destroyed . This discussion , sir , has unexpectedly branched out into a variety of topics of great importance , for which I must regret that I am not better prepared . Some observations however , particularly on what has fallen from the hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) I shall beg leave to offer to the house.—The hon . gent . has stated it as his opinion , that the company would have done well to have relinquished the sovereignty of their territorial possessions , and to have confined themselves to commercial pursuits ; for that they have , in fact , been ruined by those acquisitions sir , I differ very widely from the hon . gent . on these points , and think the doctrine he has advanced , respecting the political government of India , a very dangerous one . I consider the East-India company as the fittest Organ by which this country can beneficially manage and govern its empire in 210 the east . It is the fittest for securing the possession of that distant dependency to Great Britain , and for securing it without any danger to our own constitution . If the government of India were to be vested immediately in the crown , I scruple not to express my apprehension , that the consequences of such an arrangement would be finally the loss of that country ; and if the patronage of India were in the disposal of the crown , our own constitution might be overset ; whereas