; which was ordered to be referred to a committee of the whole house to-morrow . —Mr . Chaplin presented a petition from the insolvent debtors in the gaol of Lincoln , praying for relief . Ordered to lie on the table.—Mr . Huskisson then moved an adjournment till to-morrow , which was agreed to , and the house in a body , proceeded to St. James 's , to present their address to his majesty . The order of the day , for summoning their lordships , being read , acquainted the house , that his noble friend lord Hawkesbury , who had given notice of his intention to bring forward a motion for the thanks of the house to vice-admiral lord Collingwood , and the officers and marines under his command , being that day unable to attend in his place , he had to propose that the said order be postponed ; he added , it was the intention of his noble friend to appear in his place on Monday , when he would acquaint their lordships with the particular day on which he would bring forward that motion . Before he sat down , he begged to enquire of any noble lord , whether it was the intention of a noble earl ( Cowper ) then absent , on whose motion the house stood summoned for Monday , to bring , forward his proposed motion on that day . observed , that , in the absence of his noble friend ( earl Cowper ) , who was that day prevented from attending , by a slight indisposition , he had authority to state , that the noble earl did not intend , for obvious reasons , to bring on his motion upon that day . Under that impression , therefore , he had no hesitation to move , that the order for summoning their lordships , for Monday , be discharged . At a future opportunity , his noble friend would acquaint their lordships with his intentions respecting the motion in question.—Relative to the intended postponement of the motion , which stood for that day , addressed a few observations to the house . He thought some particular reason should be assigned , for deferring a motion of the peculiar na- 29 ture and importance of that in question . He recalled to the attention of the house , the great and eminent services to their country , which had been rendered by the noble admiral , and the officers , and seamen under his command , to whom it was proposed that evening to vote the thanks of the house . It was that sort of proposition , which every noble lord in the house would feel the greatest pleasure in acceding to . He saw no necessity for postponing the motion , or why it should exclusively come from the noble secretary of state ; it was one which might be forthwith proposed by any noble lord ; but , in general , such a proposition came from the first lord of the admiralty . The postponement of such a motion was a very unusual thing ; in the present instance , he saw no possible reason for the delay , nor was any assigned . Though he thought it incumbent on him to observe thus much , he had no intention of coming forward on the occasion himself ; but he wished that some reason should be given for postponing the intended motion . quitted the woolsack , and shortly observed , that the noble lord in question had conducted himself in every step he had occasion to take in the business , with the greatest propriety and respect towards those who were to be the object of their lordships ' thanks ; that he himself , and , he was persuaded , all their lordships entertained the highest possible sense of their most invaluable services ; and he doubted not , but his noble friend could assign adequate reasons for the proceeding of that night.—The order in question was then postponed . and their lordships adjourned till Monday . on taking the