, that a committee be appointed to view the court erected in Westminster-hall for the trial of lord Viscount Melville , and to report what accommodation and convenience had been made for the members of the house when present at the said trial , and that the managers for conducting the impeachment should be the said committee ; which motions were agreed to.—He moved also , that the order be read from the journals , made on the 13th July , 1805 , for the attorney-general to institute a prosecution against lord Melville and Mr. Trotter , and which was since suspended , should be read by the clerk , which was agreed to ; and the order being then read , he moved that the said original order be discharged , which was carried accordingly.—The order of the day being read for taking into consideration his majesty 's message , Mr. Fox observed , that as it would be more convenient for the members to take the message into consideration to-morrow , he should move , that the said order be discharged , which was agreed to . He then moved , that it be taken into consideration to-morrow . Ordered . in rising to move for the paper , of which he had given notice , thought it necessary to state the reasons which induced him to submit such a motion , and the object which he had in view . This paper , he was ready distinctly and clearly to say , was meant to apply to that part of the right hon . secretary 's argument upon which he seemed so much to rely in the discussion of a former evening , and which in reality formed . in that right hon . gent . 's own judg- 841 ment , the strongest reason to justify his extraordinary and exceptionable proposition respecting the volunteers . The character of extraordinary and exceptionable he did not , of course , mean to apply to the whole of the right hon . gent . 's plan . But with regard to the volunteers , he had no difficulty in pronouncing it totally objectionable , as it had a tendency not merely to the immediate reduction , but at no distant day , in all probability , to the complete extinction of that useful body . The consequence of the right hon . gent . 's arrangement it could not be difficult to anticipate . It obviously must lead to one or other of these effects : either to drive 300,000 able , effective , and ardent men , to lay down their arms altogether , and quit the service in disgust , or , if not , to keep them in at least a state of comparatively less utility to the country . For what was proposed that must not operate to degrade the volunteers in their own opinion , and in that of the country also ? Was it not , in fact meant to make the volunteer corps a stigmatized asylum from the operation of till compulsory levy ? Could any man doubt the justice of this statement who had attended to the right hon . gent . on a former evening , or who recollected the uniform tenor of his remarks upon the volunteer institution ? The right hon . gent . appeared to rest a good deal of his hostility to this institution on the expence which it occasioned and therefore it was extremely desirable that the house should be informed of the real amount of that expence , distinguishing the different heads of expenditure When this account should be laid on the table , it would be seen what part of the expence complained of , could be discontinued ; and gentlemen would have a opportunity of comparing the amount of the sum to be laid out with the value of the service . It would be also seen what proportion the amount of this expenditure had to the produce of the income tax , to which the right hon . secretary allude . No doubt , the expence hitherto incurred by the volunteers