respect , a condemnation of the first . and spoke as follows : —Before I proceed to discuss the merits of the question under consideration , I beg leave to say a word or two as to the advice which the hon . mover has thought proper to offer me ; an advice which , by the bye , was the strangest prelude that could be imagined to the observations which afterwards followed . First , the hon . gent . tells me I must not adhere to my former principles , if I hope for the support of parliament and the country , and yet the instant after ( whimsical enough to be sure ) he recommends me to act consistently with myself by supporting the proposition he has thought proper to bring forward . Thus , he would have me abandon all my former sentiments , and still , in a particular case that suits his opinion , persevere in maintaining them . He would have me too not to recollect the principles I expressed upon the subject of sir Elijah Impey . No , the hon . gent . would fain have me bound not by any opinion which I ever did express , but by one which I did not . Now , with regard to the subject before the house , I must say , that the introduction of it is to me matter of surprise . It is the first instance that I have ever heard of such a thing as the Cabinet council becoming the subject of debate in this house . I never knew of the exercise of the king 's preroga- 309 tive in the appointment of his ministers to be brought into question upon such grounds as have been stated this night . No doubt , if any one should be appointed to the privy council , or to any select committee of that council , against whom personal objections Jay , it would be a fair ground for an address to his majesty to advise the removal of such a person . But where , no personal objections are , or can be stated , one must hear it recommended with astonishment , that a class of officers who are admitted to be perfectly eligible to the privy council should not be allowed to discharge the functions of a privy counsellor—should , in fact , be excluded from the performance of duties which , on their admission to the privy council , they are sworn to perform . So much as to the reason of the question.—But , in point of fact , there is nothing in Our constitution that recognizes any such institution as a Cabinet council ; and the house will recollect that this is an opinion which I expressed long since , upon an occasion to which every man must look back with regret ( his majesty 's last illness ) . The opinion which I then declared , I have always held , and still hold , that a Cabinet council is unknown to our law , and has in no instance whatever been recognized by parliament . That part of the privy council which his majesty thinks proper habitually to consult has , indeed , of late years , been denominated the Cabinet council . But names are of small account upon this question . Call this council what you will—either the ministers of state or the executive committee , still the law can know nothing of its members but as privy counsellors . But a few words as to the general principles . If the point were mooted , whether the appointment of a Cabinet council at all be not an abuse of the royal prerogative , I confess there would be much to say on both sides , and I should have great doubts which , course to take . However , it is undeniably a body which parliament has always declined to recognise ; and their avoiding any such recognition has afforded some advantage to the gentlemen on the other side , of which they have very diligently availed themselves .