on the 1st of Jan . aforesaid . `` —A new writ was directed to be issued for the election of a member for Helston , in the room of Davies Giddy , esq . who has accepted the Stewardship of the Chiltern , Hundreds.—Mr . Jervis , in pursuance of a former notice , moved for leave to bring in a bill for altering and expediting the trial of offences committed in 723 distant parts on the high seas . The grounds on which he submitted his motion to the house were as follows : by the act of Henry VIII . the jurisdiction of the admiralty had been extended to all offences committed on the high seas ; but the exercise of this jurisdiction had been often attended with great delay and inconvenience , inasmuch as it became necessary that the offender and the witnesses should be brought to this country , and that the trial should take place here . To remedy this inconvenience , the admiralty , by an act of William , were empowered to appoint a special commission , for Conducting the trial of offences in distant parts . But the authority of such commissions was confined to the colonies ; and besides , they acted upon the principles of the civil law , which were very different from those of the common law of this country . The design of this bill , therefore , was to prevent the necessity for bringing home the offenders , and also that they might enjoy the benefit of the trial by jury , and not be tried according to the forms of the civil law . Leave granted.—Mr . Paull thought that an hon . director ( Mr. Huddlestone ) , would have moved for the paper about which he had given notice , before he ( Mr. P. ) brought forward his charges against Marquis Wellesley , but now , however , he understood that he had abandoned it . He would , therefore , move on Friday for certain papers , to lay the grounds of his charge against marquis Wellesley ; also for papers for an additional charge respecting Furruckabad ; and , that it might not be said that he came by a side wind on the house , he would also move for a paper which would lay the grounds for a charge of direct disobedience against the noble marquis.—General Gascoigne moved an address to his majesty for Copies of the Capitulation of the Colonies of Demerary , Essequibo , Berbice , and Surinam , to his majesty 's arms.—In a committee of Supply the Army Estimates were voted , upon , as the secretary at war stated , the same scale for the same services as that of last year . The Report was ordered to be brought up to-morrow.—On the motion of Mr. Jeffery , it was ordered , that an Account be produced of the number of Line-of-battle Ships and Frigates in ordinary on the 1st of Oct. 1801 , shewing the Repairs necessary to put them into condition for permanent service , & c.—On the motion of Mr. James Fitzgerald , the 2d reading of the Irish Population bill was put off till the 1st of Aug.—Mr . Vansittart 724 said , that owing to a mistake , upon opening the Budget , the East-India Sugar was not included in the proposed tax upon Sugar . To rectify that mistake , therefore , he gave notice , that he should , on Wednesday , in a Committee of Ways and Means , submit a particular motion.—The 2d reading of the Iron Duty bill was postponed till this day se'nnight , in order , as Mr. Vansittart stated , that all parties interested should have a further opportunity of considering the measure . moved the order of the day , for taking into further consideration the Report which , upon the 27th day of March last , was made from the committee , to whom the Petition of the several Creditors of his Highness the Nabob Wallah Jah , formerly Nabob of Arcot , and now deceased ,