other precedents of impeachments in Westminster-hall . It , however , was natural that they should look to that case , which was the only one cited at that time . As for himself , he trusted that his assertion would deserve as much weight as the general assertion of any other gentleman ; and he must declare that he had this case in his contemplation when he voted for the impeachment . The right hon . gent . had expressed surprise that they did not look to the last precedent , that of the trial of Mr , Hastings . That was a case of which not only the public opinion , but parliament it self , had pronounced upon , when it appointed a new judicature to try offences of that nature in future . As to the authority of arguments being lessened when coming from relations or private friends , he thought there should be full as great a diminution from their authority when they came from persons of a contrary description . For example , a noble lord ( Henry Petty ) had held nearly the following language : `` You feel disposed o shelter lord Melville as 555 private friends , but I feel as chancellor of the exchequer . '' Whether the feelings of nature , or the sensibilities of office , deserved the greater respect , he left it with the house to determine . in explanation , said , that when he had cited the case of lord Macclesfield , he only meant to shew , that impeaehments were not necessarily attended with great delay ; but as a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) had mentioned what was in his contemplation , he should also mention what passed in his ; he had intended originally to move , that the impeachment should be in Westminster-hall , and had mentioned it to the late Mr. Pitt , who made no objection to it . supported the motion on constitutional grounds . Impeachment was the best mode of proceeding , and it was proper to have it as open as possible . The house of lords might be thrown open , but few could get in . He expressed his surprise at the logic of some hon . gentlemen . Because Mr. Hastings 's trial had lasted eight sessions , did it follow that all trials conducted in the same way were to last an equal time ? The great delay that took place on that occasion might be attributed to other causes . In an impeachment , the house of lords had the right of chusing the days of trial , and adjourning it as they pleased ; and during the trial of Mr. Hastings , there was one year in which but four days were appointed for the trial . said , he was one of those who from the beginning , disapproved of the prosecution of lord Melville , and who thought there had not been a sufficient ground of accusation made out against him . His opinion was unaltered ; but since the trial was resolved on , he thought the great object at present was , that speedy justice should be done , and with as little vexation as possible , to the party who was the object of the trial . The proceeding itself inflicted a very severe penalty on the defendant , and would draw down the punishment of guilt upon the head of a person who might be innocent . As to the arguments that had been relied on , of the superior publicity and solemnity of the trial at Westminster-hall , they made but little impression on his mind . He did not consider the publicity of a trial to depend entirely upon the number of persons who Were present at it . The proceedings of the court of King 's Bench had , as he thought , sufficient publicity , and yet that court was 556 so small , that it was not capable of admitting many persons ; and when the occasion was considered , he could not conceive