did not predict , as the probable consequence of what they were pleased to term the shameful neglect of his majesty 's ministers . But not only were these prophecies of irreparable injury to our commerce and colonial possessions , completely falsified by the event , but , owing to the able arrangements made by the noble lord at the head of the admiralty , the country had been enabled to avert the apprehended danger , and to heap destruction on the enemy . No sooner had advice been received from lord Nelson , that the French squadron had left the West Indies , on their return to Europe , and that it was his intention to push for the Streights ' mouth , with the hope of intercepting them , than the admiralty ordered the Brest squadron to suspend ordered the Brest squadron to suspend the blockade of that port , and the Rochefort squadron to proceed off cape Finistrerre , to reinforce admiral Calder 's division . Thus , there were three squadrons , which , by the able management of the admiralty board , were placed in situations in which they were likely to meet with the enemy . This event happened accordingly , and the result was , the engagement with the squadron commanded by sir R. Calder , which terminated in considerable success ; two sail of the line having been captured from the enemy . Immediately afterwards the French fleet meeting with that from Ferrol , retired to Cadiz to the amount of 34 sail of the line . Not many days clapsed , before a British force was stationed in the bay of Cadiz , adequate to the blockade of the enemy 's fleet ; and towards the conclusion of the month of Sept. lord Nelson assumed the command , previous to the great action then approaching . Lord Nelson detached a division of this fleet to the Mediterranean . Fortunate , indeed , was it for his fame that he had done so , for it was indisputably apparent , that nothing but the knowledge of this reduction of lord Nelson 's force , and the supposition that it amounted only to 21 sail , instead of 27 , would have induced the combined fleets to come out and offer battle . Their object was to form a junction with the division in Carthagena , and then to have appeared in the Mediterranean with a fleet approaching to 50 sail , which , in the existing circumstances of Europe , they imagined would have excited a sensation considerably favourable to their views of ambition and aggrandisement . When he contemplated the 99 glorious engagement which had been the result of this attempt on the part of the French , he felt it difficult to select any feature on which to dwell with peculiar praise . Never was there a more complete victory by a superior force over an inferior ; never was there such a victory by an inferior force , when contending with a superior force . In every view of the subject , which even professional men could possibly take , they scarcely could suppose it in the power of one fleet to capture from another , not stationary , but under sail , the great number of 19 sail . It was a new species of success in our naval annals , and went practically far beyond what theorists had conceived it possible to accomplish in their speculations . The wonders attending this most brilliant action , were not confined to the day of combat . He should feel that he had fulfilled but half his duty to the brave men who shared in that engagement , if he did not assign to them the praise which was their due , for the firmness and perseverance with which , after having contended with the enemy , they proceeded successfully to struggle with the elements . Then was it too , that that generous spirit of self-devotion to the benefit of their fellow-creatures , those exalted principles , which it had been the glory of ancient France to cultivate ,