entirely acquiesced in it . He at the same time submitted , as it would be completely competent to alter the bill in the committee , agreeably to the suggestion of the learned gent. , if his idea should be afar proved of , that , to save time , the bill should be read a first and second time that night . declared , that his objections would he done away by the appointment of a trustee under responsibility.—The question was then put , and leave given to bring in the bill ; Mr. Fox and Mr. Williams Wynne being ordered to prepare it . Mr. Fox then brought it up , and it was read a first and second time , and ordered to be committed to-morrow . presented a petition from the debtors confined in Carlisle gaol , which was ordered to he , on the table.—Mr . Fox , accompanied by several members of the house of commons , brought up a bill to enable the auditor of the exchequer to nominate a trustee to execute the duties of the office in the case therein mentioned , The bill was read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time to-morrow.—Lord Auckland made a motion respecting the standing order . His lordship 's motion was , to take the standing orders , No . 104 and 155 , into consideration to-morrow , with the view of suspending them , for the purpose of passing the above bill through its different stages which was ordered , and that the lords be summoned . from the governor and company of the Bank of England , presented an `` account from the Bank of England , of the receipt and expenditure of 7,615,167l . 7s . 6d . in one year , from 3d Feb. 1805 , to 31st Jan. 1806 , by the commissioners for the reduction of the National Debt ; and of the receipt of 1,906,104l . 17s . 1¾d . to be applied in the quarter between the 1st Feb. and the 1st May , 1806 . `` —The secretary at war presented , pursuant to order , the several accounts moved for by Mr. Sheridan , respecting the additional force bill . The right hon . gent . observed , that those accounts were very voluminous , perhaps too much so for general reading , but among them was a recapitulation paper , which . contained the substance of the whole . For the printing of this paper only , it was his intention at present to move . If it were not on perusal deemed satisfactory upon the .subject referred to , it would be competent to any gentleman to move that the whole of these papers should be printed . The several papers were ordered to lie on the table , and the recapitulation paper was ordered to be printed.—Mr . Manning presented a petition of several directors of the London Dock Company , setting forth , `` that several acts were passed , in the 40th , 44th , and 45th years , of his present . majesty , for making wet docks , basons , cuts , and other works , for the greater accommodation and security of shipping , commerce , and revenue , within the port of London ; and that the petitioners have made great progress in forming the docks , and in executing the other works by the said acts directed to be made ; but the whole of the said intended works can not be completed unless the petitioners shall be authorized to purchase certain houses , lands , and hereditaments contiguous to the present prescribed limits of the said docks , and which are wanted for the purpose of carrying the said acts fully into execution ; and that the powers and provisions of the said acts have , in some respects , been found defective and insufficient , and it is necessary that the same should be altered and enlarged , and some further powers granted ; and therefore praying , that leave may be given to bring in a