of the assistance of that great man , to whom the system was chiefly indebted for its existence , and who was therefore the most completely qualified to uphold and defend it . Still , however , he trusted , that there were individuals remaining , capable of explaining the line of conduct that had been adopted , and in what way government had discharged the sacred trust that had been reposed in them . With regard to the course of proceeding which parliament ought to adopt in this important investigation , in his opinion nothing could be more desirable , than that it should be immediately commenced . But in the present situation in which the administration of the country was placed , he should be sorry by any proposition of his to embarrass their proceedings . It was likewise material , that when this discussion came on , none of those individuals should be absent , whose distinguished talents and political perspicacity qualified them so well for the enquiry . But it might happen , that trusts confided in those individuals , would render it necessary for them to withdraw for a time from the house . For these reasons he should not fix a day for the discussion , but would content himself with merely moving , that these papers do lie on the table . From their nature , it was impos- 94 sible that they could pass by without discussion . The pecuniary and political stipulations which they contained , must subject them to the cognizance of the house . As at that moment he might not be in a situation to exercise a discretionary power on the kind of reformation which it might be expedient to bring forward , he hoped that , while he did not press for any improper disclosures , those gentlemen who should succeed him in office , would be disposed to deal as liberally in affording information , as the present administration had evinced their inclination to do . On to-morrow , or the next day , he hoped to have it in his power to bring down some additional papers , and he should then be happy to receive any suggestions that might be offered to him . observed , that from the nature of the subject which had been opened by the noble lord , it was impossible there should be any discussion on it at present , because many of the papers which had been alluded to were not yet before the house ; neither was the nature of them at present perfectly known ; and as to those which were before the house , they would require time for their perusal , and this must be done before a judgment was formed of the merits of the engagements entered into by the different powers . The question , therefore , which might arise out of them , must be deferred a while ; and other questions should be previously determined—Whether the papers already brought forward , and those promised to be added to them , would be sufficient ? or whether others might be desirable ? And that again might depend on another question , which was , whether , if desirable , they could with propriety be laid before the house ? All these matters must be decided before the general question of the conduct of the allies could be considered , as far as Great Britain had any share in their operations . And this appeared to him to answer the observation of the noble lord , as to the regret he seemed to feel that the subject was not discussed on the first night of the session : for either in the view of the case with reference to the papers themselves , or the conduct which followed the agreement to which they related , it was out of the question , until the house had a full perusal of them ; but the amendment intended to have been submitted to the house by his noble friend ( lord H. Petty ) was calculated to have called 95 forth all the information