no doubt proper and necessary , upon a vote of such magnitude . But yet in this case , although the estimates were but two days on the table , he trusted that the peculiar circumstances of the country would reconcile the house to the course he meant to pursue . When the 115 new administration was arranged , an adjournment for a fortnight was likely to take place , and if the estimates he had the honour to present , were not voted previous to such adjournment , considerable embarrassment would arise in the military department . This circumstance would , he had no doubt , prevent any objection to the motions he proposed to submit ; such objection there would be the less inclination to press , when it was understood that the estimates on the table reached only to the 24th of March next , and were formed on the same scale as those of the last year ; thus it was left open for those who were to succeed to the administration to make up the military arrangements for the remainder of the year . Upon these grounds he trusted , that in bringing forward the supplies in the way he had described , he should stand acquitted in the judgment of the house of any wish to intrude himself , or any unnecessary plan , upon their consideration . If any precedent were wanted to justify the conduct he adopted , he could refer to the act of one of his predecessors in office ( Mr. Windham ) , to whose very superior abilities he was ready to pay the utmost deference . That right hon . gent . he remembered , in the year 1799 , laid the army estimates on the 1st Oct. and they were voted on the 3d . They were on his proposition adopted . But , independently of precedent , he was persuaded that the urgency of the present circumstances would induce the house to accede to his motion.—The army estimates were then referred to a committee of supply , into which the house resolved . before . he made any motion , observed , that on recollection he had forgot to state to the committee that there was some addition to the scale upon which the estimates for last year were granted , and this addition was occasioned by the augmentation of the regular army ; particularly owing to the transfer of men from the militia , in consequence of the act of last sessions . To this addition he did not apprehend that any gent . would be disposed to object . It would be recollected , that if any part of the estimates should appear to be over-rated ; a proportionate deduction might be made in the estimates to be brought for ward in March . The right hon . gent . concluded with submitting the following resolutions ; which were acceded to . 1st 134,473 effective men , including com- 116 missioned and non-commissioned officers for the service of the united kingdom , and on the continent , for three months , from the 25th of Dec. to the 24th of March , both inclusive . 2d , 1,193,105l . for the subsistence of this force . 3d , 505,037l . for the use of our troops , & c. in the plantations , including Gibraltar , the Mediterranean , Ceylon , and New South Wales . 4th , 647,584l . for the subsistence , & c. of the militia of the united kingdom and of the corps of miners in Devon and Cornwall . asked whether the allowance to the volunteers was included in these estimates ; and also whether any provision was made for the clothing of any of that body ? answered in the negative . The estimate respecting the volunteers was brought forward separately last year , and the same course would be pursued in the present . The provision for that description of force , was not so urgent in point of time , as any of those to which the votes of the committee related . No doubt ,