on our consideration ; namely , 675 what is to be done with that part of your population which does not exist in the shape of an Army ? I am well aware of what weight , properly speaking , the physical force of a country is capable . But , it must be admitted , that the real military force has had an almost exclusive sway in determining the fate of nations . In modern history , there is scarcely a single instance of the mere population of a country assisting materially in its defence , except in the case of America ; which , indeed , can scarcely be called an exception , for it must be recollected , that their success arose more from the great distance of America and its vast extent , than from any force which the American people could immediately bring against our army . It is evident that at a distance of more than 3000 miles , and across the Atlantic Ocean , the power of this country could not bear with full force upon the population of America ; and , besides , from the vast extent of the country , the people could always retire from our armies , and by that means they were enabled to protract the war until habits perfectly military were acquired.—The instance of America will not , however , at all apply to Europe ; certainly not to this country , where the population is cooped up within narrow limits , where they have no countries to retreat to , and where , consequently , they would soon be obliged to come to close contest . But although we can not calculate on making exactly the same use of our population that the Americans did , yet it becomes a question of the most serious importance , how we are to derive the greatest possible advantage from it ; how we can best bring it to bear against an invading army ? I am confident , that if ever the contest should be brought to an issue , the people of this country would prove that they would not fall a sacrifice without a struggle , to an invading enemy . But , the question is here , what can be got from the loose part of your population in aid of the regular military force ? and care must be taken , that what is got in aid of the regular force should not tend to weaken it . With respect to this point , different persons have entertained different opinions at different times . My opinions are , with a few alterations arising from circumstances , that is , mutatis mutandis , the same as before , and those opinions will be so found in the only records which we have of our proceedings , and which in the present instance , are at least more accurate than usual . I am ready to allow that the 676 errors that have been fallen into on this subject in the first instance , might be in some instances the necessary result of the novelty of the case , and the difficulties in which it was involved . Nay , I am also ready to allow , that those who now have to improve and re-model our Military Establishments have the advantage of their experience , but , on the other hand , I have also to complain , that unfortunately they have not a clear , unincumbered ground to enter upon , and which circumstance can not fail to add considerably to the difficulties they have to encounter . Perhaps their predecessors were obliged , at the sudden commencement of the war , to run into voluntary efforts from the pressing urgency of the occasion . For myself , my idea was , that every thing that was the most simple and obvious , should have been preferred to what was most complex and intricate . The situation of the country then was , that hearing of the great preparations made by the enemy to invade it , there was a unanimous spirit to