, the finances of the country were only just sufficient to pay the interest of the debt , leaving nothing for any other expenditure : and in two years from that time , which was from 1784 to 1786 , Mr. Pitt established a sinking fund of one million , which he kept sacred , until by its im- 632 mense effect every man had become its admirer . Having said so much on these topics , he should make an observation or two on others , and that by way of dispelling all ideas of gloom as to the situation of our affairs , and for this again we were indebted to Mr. Pitt , for , during his administration , the number of the ships of the enemy taken by us were actually more than the whole number taken before that time , since time revolution , notwithstanding the wars in which we had been engaged , and in which we had acquired so much glory . Putting them all together , they would not amount to what had been done in the administration of Mr. Pitt , in which no less than 110 men of war had been captured , and the possessions of the French had been taken in the East and West Indies : almost all their colonies had become ours . We had never once been defeated in any one engagement , but had been victorious every where , our arms triumphant in every part of the world . All this during the administration of Mr. Pitt , and all this while too our revenue was in a condition infinitely more flourishing than ever , and was made the astonishment of the world , as well as the state of our trade and commerce ; and our navigation extended beyond the example of any nation on the face of the globe . He said these things as the due reward of Mr. Pitt . He did not say that the situation of the present chancellor of the exchequer was not arduous ; he knew it was so , but it should not be increased by any captious opposition by him ; on the contrary , he should be glad to assist him in every thing in ins power ; and he believed he possessed some information which might be useful to that noble lord on many of the topics to which he had been alluding . He could not , however , do better than follow the system laid down for him by his predecessor in office , Mr. Pitt . He wished the present administration to thrive ; and he wished that , at the end of their career , whenever that might be , they might be able to render to their country as good an account of their labours in its service , as had been done by Mr. Pitt ; and an higher honour they could never obtain ; that they might obtain it , was his hearty wish . explained what he said on the subject of the arrears of the civil list , in which , he said , it was in the recollection of the house , whether he did not most distinctly state the arrears of the civil 633 list to have arisen from matters which were unavoidable , and whether he had not also stated his maj. 's gracious disposition in bringing forward a million to the public service . trespassed upon the time of the house but to reply to an allusion made by a noble lord , in an early stage of the debate , that he ( Mr. L. ) had made a charge against that noble lord , in his absence on a previous evening , of unhandsomely and unjustly attributing to the late chancellor of the exchequer the leaving great arrears of revenue to be provided for by his successor . He had made no charge of illiberality against the noble lord , but had merely attempted a vindication of his predecessor . The arrears which now presented themselves in the public accounts , were not the accumulation of last