of obtaining a new militia by ballot in short space of tune , it is by no means sure of obtaining a regular army by voluntary 701 inlistments within any period that is compatible with the public safety . With this danger staring him in the face , the right hon . gent . is obliged to incur all the inconvenience of a declining army in the midst of war ; all the difficulties of sending men home from our distant possessions to be discharged , and of relieving them at great inconvenience to the public service , and the not less serious evil of having the good faith of government towards the soldier brought into discredit , if all this perplexed operation can not be regularly and immediately carried into execution during hostilities.—What the inconvenience of the soldiers being entitled to their discharge at the end of each period during a war , is likely to prove upon experience , may best be judged of by recollecting how embarrassing this system was , some years back , found to be in the militia , notwithstanding the great comparative facility of dismissing and replacing the men , when serving at home . This led to the adoption both of an extension of the period of service and the continuance of the inlistment during the war ; the perpetual fluctuation of the militia was thus avoided , but the consequence upon a peace , notwithstanding the law enjoins , that a proposition to re-inlist for a further term shall be made to each man previous to his being disembodied has been found to be , that but a small proportion of the men re-engage , and that the regiments are principally composed , when re-assembled , of untrained recruits.—The small proportion of the men re-inlisting in the militia , I apprehend , on an average , not exceeding from a sixth to an eighth of the whole , leads to another very serious view of this question . It is probable that soldiers , when stationed abroad , being at the moment removed from their homes , and from domestic impressions , may re-inlist in greater numbers ; but presuming that the option will not in any case be put to the men , which I think it can not possibly be , consistent with the professed principles of the plan , till towards the close of the period , I see no reason to suppose that the soldiers belonging to the regular army stationed at home , will not be nearly as prone to take their discharges rather than re-inlist , as the substitutes in the militia are found to be , who at present compose nine-tenths of that force . If then to the existing casualties of the army this heavy annual drain be added , and if we also consider , that we want at this moment not less 702 than 25,000 men as an augmentation to our present army , and shall have gradually to replace with a regular army the 18,000 militia , which are to be permitted to fall off ; is it not idle to face such a demand without any one substantial substitute for that , which it is now proposed shall be relinquished ? —lf the proposal of the right hon . gent . is not sustainable in argument , I apprehend it is as little warranted in fair analogy by the existing practice of any other great European military power—the general plan of military service in Prussia does not countenance it—that of Russia affords us little sanction—it is true Austria , after the treaty of Campo Formi , passed an ordinance that such a system should take effect from a period then some years remote . It certainly was not in force in the Austrian army in its best days , nor do I believe it has as yet been acted upon ; and we certainly know that no such regulation at present prevails in the French army . The only precedent at all in point that I have heard of , is that of Old France during the monarchy .