shall be paid on all property above 50l . a year ; but , ? on production of the will or deed , constituting the annuity and demonstrating ? the claim to exemption , the tax office `` will be authorised to make repayment . '' Against this provision of the bill , on its principle and on all its effects , I am bound by my opinion to protest without reserve , and to entreat the noble lord to reconsider it . In Some senses it increases the burthen on the lowest class of annuitants , who , on the professed principle of the clause , ought to be exempted . It says to the party , who ought not to pay at all , pay your ten per cent . first , and recover it afterward . In The first place , I do not believe it possible that any person , who has nothing to live on but the annuity described in the clause , can make the deposit . With an income of one hundred pounds a year , for example , I ask is it possible for any man , with ; or without a family , to lay down ten pounds at once , or even by two half yearly payments ? He has it not ; and , if he complies with the demand , he must borrow the money . But , granting him to be able to make the deposit , what right have you to drive him to that distress , if he be the person you describe , and who is entitled to the exemption ? Then what is the remedy you provide for him ? Why , after paving the full amount of the tax , he may recover it from the tax office ; that is , he must begin with parting with a sum , which you confess you have no right to , since you promise to restore it , and litigate for it afterwards with the collectors of the revenue . This , I conceive , is equivalent to a new tax . The annuitant in question is taken from his occupation or his labour , and loses some portion of the very income you are endeavouring to bring within the reach of the tax , while he is travelling from his home and attending at a tax office to establish his claim and to recover the sum , which you have unjustly forced him to deposit . I know , by experience , and so do we all , what the unavoidable delays and inconveniences of such a course of proceeding are , and must be . In the case of surcharges for example , I assure the house that , notwithstanding the best disposition and the greatest industry on the part of the commissioners , the trouble and vexation of going several miles , 602 day after day , with attendance , & c. were such that , in some instances , of no great amount indeed , I have abandoned my claim , rather than be plagued with the trouble of asserting it . Yet nobody was in fault ; nor do I know how the difficulty could be avoided . Then comes another and , as I imagine , a fatal objection , even to the remedy proposed . If the tax-office in every county and city is liable to refund , they must be intrusted with a perpetual deposit of public money to answer the claims of exemption , as fast as they are established ; which , I conceive , would be a practice unsafe for the public , and contrary to the principles , on which the collection of the revenue is made and secured . The power left with each tax-office , to favour or to discourage every question of exemption that comes before them , deserves to be seriously weighed ; considering that the unavoidable delays , incident to the recovery of a tax once paid , attended with waste of time and hindrance of business or loss of labour , are equivalent to a