for the second reading of this bill , and for the attendance of the judges , who were all present , adverted to the till which was before the house last session , and which embraced the same object as the bill now under their consideration . He at that time called the Serious attention of their lordships to the bill , which he considered to be in the nature of an ex post facto law , and he then proposed certain questions to be put to the judges , in order that there might be a clear understanding , as to the nature of the law upon the subject . He now rose to propose , that similar questions should be put to the judges , with the same view . He could not help , however , observing , that the principle attempted to be established by the present bill , was one which demanded the most serious consideration of their lordships ; was one , for not guarding against the introduction of which they might deserve the reproaches of posterity . The bill expressed doubts as to the liability of a witness to answer a question , the answer to which might involve him in a civil suit , he could only say , that he had been 30 years in the profession of the law , as counsel , and in a judicial character , and it was the first time he had heard that them was any doubt upon the subject , although he was aware , that upon this point a high legal authority was against him . He wished , however , their lordships to be fully aware of the nature of the bill , which went , as it might happen , to give persons sums of money ( for it was the same thing , whether the money was actually given , or whether they were freed from any process , for a sum of money claimed by the public ) for giving evidence at their lordships ' bar , and not only were such persons , on that account , discharged from any process on account of debts due to the crown , but from any process on account of debts due by them to individuals , according to the words of the act , `` any other person or persons . '' He saw so many objections to the bill , that he could not help recurring to the admirable speech of lord Hardwicke , upon a bill of a similar nature , which was before the house in the year 1742 , and to which he had referred last sessions , when that great man concluded his speech by observing , that he would much rather be the object of such a bill , than the author of it . His lordship concluded by moving to refer to the judges for their opinion , three questions , varying in terms , the object of which was to ascertain , whether , according to law , a witness had a right to demur to the answering any question , relevant to the subject under in 171 vestigation , the answer to which might tend to acknowledge a debt recoverable by civil process ? or which might render him liable to civil process generally ? or which might render him liable to civil process at the suit of the crown , for the profits of any public money converted to his own use ? said , he should not now comment upon the objections made to the bill by the noble and learned lord , as this was not the proper time for discussing the bill . He could not help , however , observing upon one point urged by the noble and learned lord , in which he thought the noble and learned lord was not borne out by the words of the bill . He did not conceive that there was any provision in the bill which could authorize the construction , that a witness giving evidence under the sanction of its provisions would be therby exonerated not