a profound silence not only to the public , but even to their colleagues in the direction , until the secret bursts of itself with ruin on their heads . The noble lord near me ( lord Temple ) who , I perceive with sorrow , is not so lavish as he has been heretofore , in favouring me with the title of his hon . friend , '' declares that lord Wellesley has acted always , as to the great points in question , under the orders or instructions of this secret committee . It may be so . The house of commons have no knowledge of the documents the noble lord alludes to ; nor have I ever seen a single line of them . If lord Wellesley has such orders to plead , undoubtedly he will produce them in his own justification . Until I see what they contain , I can say nothing on that subject . With respect to the declaration , which I have made this night , I wish to add a few words before I conclude , because it is of importance to me that my meaning should not be misunderstood . I am not , nor will I be , standing counsel for the company , or for the nation , on the subject of India . I have laboured too , long , I need hardly 397 say , without fee or reward , in that unthankful and most invidious office . Has any individual , or any party , has this house , or has the nation , a right to expect more of me ? Neither am I able , if I were ever so well disposed to continue this unavailing labour . My spirits are exhausted . My mind is subdued . And , if it were otherwise , my assistance new is not so necessary in this department as I have thought it hitherto . Several younger men with a spirit as high as their rank , and of great ability , are coming forward in this line . I congratulate the house and the country on this flattering appearance and premise on the part of the rising generation . They will do more than I could , and much more than supply the little place , which I have occupied . I hope they will not be discouraged by difficulties or by labour , nor even by the example that has been made of their humble predecessor . Above all things , I conjure this house once more , not to throw any discouragement in their way . I have stated my intention clearly ; but , again I say , I am my own master , and I will give no account of my future conduct to any man . There is one view only , in which I shall at .all times hold myself bound to attend to future proceedings in parliament on questions connected with the India company ; nor is it possible for me to do otherwise , without abdicating the duties of my station in this house . As long as I have the honour of a seat in parliament , I shall watch and take care , to the utmost of my power , to prevent the finances of Britain from being ruined by those of India . I have now passed more than 30 year in endeavouring to support the lawful authority of the East-India company over their nominal servants abroad ; to guard their rights , and to protect their property from ruin . I have laboured to preserve the peace of India , and to shelter the native princes of that unfortunate country from injustice , conquest , and oppression . In the execution of these labours I confess I have had no success , nor scarce a good word from any man : the only duly that is new left to me , the only chance I yet have of being useful either to this country or even to the India company , is to protect England not against the company , but against India