armies of Prussia were undoubtedly numerous and respectable ; but was it on them alone that the king of Prussia relied , when he was negotiating with France ? Certainly it was not . He had a strong additional support , which gave weight to his negotiations . The emperor of Russia , after he had left Austerlitz , gave the whole direction of the Russian troops , that remained in Germany , to the command of the king of Prussia . This country , too , had promised him a powerful assistance by pecuniary supplies , if he should be driven to a war with France . These were the means he possessed of giving weight to his negotiations ! And how did he apply those means ? Why , to seize a part of the territories of one of those powers which had been supporting him in that rank and situation which enabled him to conclude his treaty . After this treaty was signed , a considerable difficulty remained in the execution of it ; this difficulty proceeded , in a great measure , from the just scruples of the king of Prussia , who perceived that it would be very hard to prevail upon his Britannic Majesty to ratify such a treaty , and who , therefore , felt that his title would be so bad as to make the acquisition of Hanover , under these circumstances , a poor equivalent for those provinces that he was obliged to give up to France . He felt , besides , that , upon no principles of justice , could he pretend to take it on other terms than those which France herself had held it on , and therefore , at first , he did not pretend to take Hanover absolutely , but with the power of restoring it . France , in the mean time , pressed for the cession of Anspach and Bayreuth . What then did the king of Prussia do ? Certainly he did not expect that the French government would be able to negotiate between him and his Britannic Majesty , that he should be allowed o retain Hanover ; and therefore he finally resolved to seize it without the consent of his majesty , and under the pretence of an equivalent for Anspach , Bayreuth , and those provinces which were ceded to France . It can not then be said , that this treaty , and the proceedings which followed it , were altogether the effect of fear : for what was the necessity under which his 889 Prussian majesty was placed ? Was it merely the necessity of ceding Anspach and Bayreuth ? This might have been a considerable misfortune , yet it was one which might be justified by necessity . But the sort of necessity claimed by the king of Prussia , is different ; he says , `` Because I have lost Anspach and Bayreuth , I therefore feel myself under the necessity of seizing the dominions of some third power ; not only of a third power , but of one that , from all times , and by every circumstance , I am bound to respect . '' This is the sort of necessity claimed by the Prussian court , and it is this which makes the case of Prussia much worse than that of any other nation in Europe . As for Spain ( 1 do not wish to revive the differences of opinion with respect to the Spanish war ) but Spain , I say , would comply no farther with the wishes of our enemies , than by giving a sum of money . Holland , and other powers , have been , from terror , obliged to make cessions of territory to France ; but no other power has been compelled , by terror , to commit robberies or spoliations on its neighbours . It is in this that the case of Prussia stands distinguished from that of all other nations . We can not help looking with some degree of pity and contempt , on a power that can allege