would be if they saw on their flank , the 14th , the 28th , the 17th , the 42d , or any of those brave and well tried regiments that have distinguished themselves in the service of their country . I do not , however , deny that essential services may be derived from the Volunteers , even under the present system . In the first place , they are enrolled , and I consider the very circumstance of enrolment as a great foundation of strength , because in that they have given a pledge to their country , and to each other , that they are to be found whenever their attendance shall be absolutely necessary . In the second place , they have been trained , and even in the manner they have been trained , many of them may , in time , be made extremely useful under the direction of an able general . They must , however , purge off a great deal of their grosser stuff , before they can well be brought into action . There are many individuals who entered into those corps from the best of motives , and from the most laudable intentions to serve their country , but whose age , whose constitutions , and whose habits of life , render them altogether unfit for the active duties of real service against an enemy . My general objections to the present mode of dividing the country into Volunteer corps , were , first , the immense expence of the system on its present foundation ; and secondly , I conceived it intercepted and locked up in corps , which could not be brought against an enemy , men who by another distribution might be brought against them in the regular army . I therefore thought that the system was like throwing good money after bad , and that it never could succeed . I wished , however , that there should be many voluntary associations of the better sort of people , armed and disciplined at their own expence ; but as to the great mass of the people , artisans and peasants , I did not wish that they should be locked 680 up in those corps , but would rather have had them loose , so that they might be attached to others of greater consequence . The mass of the people I wished to see loosely trained , and only so far as to be able soon to take their place as recruits in the ranks of the regular army . A training of that description would also have been sufficient to make them very formidable to an enemy , as an armed peasanty , under the direction of intelligent officers ; and in either of those ways I thought they would contribute much more to the defence and security of the country , than by their being placed in Volunteer corps . This was my view of the matter ; but the system that has been followed , goes to include all volunteer exertions in Volunteer corps . The first objection made , most probably will be , that the expence of such a system will be too heavy . Granting , for argument-sake , the truth of the objection , what is the expence compared to the preservation of the independence of the country ? But , it is idle to talk of the expences which new-modelling the military system will create , compared with that of maintaining only the Volunteer Establishment . It is a fact that during the three years and a half that this system has existed , it has cost government no less than five millions sterling in allowances to the Volunteers . The expence that the Volunteers have themselves gone to , and the various subscriptions and contributions that have been made in aid of the system , amount to at least as much more . I am stating it below the mark , when I say , that the security which the country has derived from the Volunteers for the last three years and a half has