the house he would only trouble them with a very few words . It was extremely well known to every member in that house , that for many years past the expences of the company had been very much on the increase ; and nothing could be more self-evident than this , that while expences were increasing , there could be no surplus . He only wished on one point to shew , that during the time the 500,000l . had not been paid to the treasury , government had received advantages which were abundantly adequate . He begged the house to recollect that at the period when the right hon . gent . at the head of his majesty 's government , brought forward the tax of 12½ per cent . on teas , by way of commutation for other taxes , no one thought the company would have afterwards more to pay than that tax of 12½ per cent . Instead of which , the tax on teas had since been raised to 95 per cent . If the duty during that period had continued at 12½ per cent . the company would have paid somewhat more than 5 million but from the pro- 218 gressive rise of the duty to its present amount , they had paid upwards of 17 million , so that the treasury had received 12 million more than they would have done , if the first stipulation had been adhered to ; and thereby the public had derived more advantages than the company , who have been also deprived of that sum towards the discharge of the payments alluded to . said , he felt as much as any one the danger of alarming the public mind in respect to the state of the company 's affairs ; but he had thought it his duty , more than once , to state to the house what he thought on that subject , when it occasionally came before them for their consideration . He was now of opinion , that his majesty 's ministers , who had lately taken upon them so great a responsibility , ought , in duty to themselves , to cause such investigations to take place , as to satisfy themselves whether the amazing amount of the present debt had accrued from a losing commerce , or from a great increase of military force and military expenditure . They ought to endeavour to find out the means of reconciling the paradox of a surplus and an increasing debt , a flourishing state of affairs , and an exhausted revenue and decreasing commerce , existing at one and the same moment , in the concerns of the same company . He hoped some enquiry , either public or private , would take place , and that speedily ; for , as to the present system of revenues and resources , he saw nothing in it but delusion and deception , highly dangerous in their continuance . observed , that he would not trouble the house with many remarks on this business ; first , because the question was premature , since it would have come forward much better after the accounts had been laid on the table ; and next , because the attention of ministers ought not at present to be turned away from affairs that required their more immediate labour . But he would say , however , that no blame whatever attached to the company , as it was clear from the accounts , that their failure to pay the sum agreed upon to the public , arose from the wars in which they had been engaged . No committee , he contended , was necessary , as every thing was detailed in the accounts in the clearest and minutest manner . And when differences arose between his hon . friend ( Mr. Francis ) and himself on the one side , and the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) near him on the other , the cause was , that 219 the noble lord founded all his arguments upon estimates , while they constantly argued from results .