new tax , in the form of a burthen , and must tend to harass and distress the parties , and , in some cases perhaps , drive them to give up the object rather than pursue the process.—The next object , or rather omission , which I have to submit to the house , is objectionable on very different ground from that , which I have just stated . In that , the tax was exacted from parties , who were entitled to exemption . In this , a great mass of property , which ought to pay , does or may escape totally from the tax . I mean the whole amount of the floating securities of government , commonly called the unfunded debt , on which the proprietors receive interest from the public , just as much , if not rather more than any other holders of stock . This property , I believe , may extend to a capital : of 25 millions , more or less . The exact amount is not material to the argument ; except to shew what an enormous loss may be suffered by the public , if the tax on the income of such a capital amounting to 1,250,000l . should not be duly collected . Is it meant that this species of property should be exempted from the tax ? If it be , declare it , and state your reasons for the exemption . Establish , if you can , a rational distinction between the public creditor , whose capital is funded , and him , whose capital is not funded . Otherwise it is a palpable contradiction to justice and common sense , that one of those parties should pay the 603 tax , and that the other should escape it . I know very well that every man is bound by law to include this sort of property in the return of his income ; and I say , that for obvious reasons , you ought not to depend on the fidelity of such returns , especially in a case where the intention of the law may be too easily evaded . In the funded property you do not rely on that sort of evidence . My noble friend has made an arrangement , greatly to his credit , with the governors of the bank , by which the tax on all that income is secured . If it be said that the tax will lower the marketable value of such securities ; my answer is , what then ? The law gives no exemption to the income from that source , any more than to the three per cent . annuities . Undoubtedly the value of all capital , Whereever it be vested , rises or falls with the interest it produces . In the case of the funded stock this consideration is not regarded . But exchequer bills and navy bills have a marketable value , independent of the interest , which arises , from the facility of transfer from hand to hand , and from other conveniencies in the daily use of them , to which the funded stock is not so readily applicable . I believe then that the tax would not affect the price , or very slightly , if at all , unless indeed you reckon the facility of evading the contribution , as an addition to the value . But , were it otherwise , it is enough for my purpose that the law does not acknowledge the distinction . The law itself , whatever be the practice of the executive power , does not favour the unfunded at the expence of the funded debt . In whatever degree the former escapes , it is a fraud or an injury to the public revenue , and an injustice to him , who honestly pays his share of that revenue . It will strengthen my argument and help you to a clear view of the abuse , if I state a fact in point , . though it makes against myself . In drawing up the last return of my