the house would do him the justice to acknowledge that on every occasion he was ready to answer any question , that was civilly put to him ; that he refused to answer the noble lord ( Temple ) , as he should always do , when his manner and mode of putting a question was rude and improper . To the relation of the noble lord ( Wellesley ) he was ready to say , that the next charge he should bring forward , Was for the assumption of the rights and revenues of the nabob of Surat . The question was then put , and the several papers were granted . presented the report of the committee appointed to search for precedents of the proceedings of the house in cases of Impeachment ; which was ordered to be printed . A short conversation ensued between lords Auckland and Eldon , respecting the additional article of Impeachment against lord Melville , as to the manner in which that noble lord should be called upon to answer ; which ended in an order to summon their lordships for to-morrow , in order to take the same into consideration . reported the Declaratory bill , the amendments made in winch were agreed to . objected to this proviso , which , he said , instead of declaring the law , left it to the judges of each court to decide what was law , thereby , instead of removing doubts , rendering those doubts more doubtful . He also considered the clause to be unconstitutional , in as much as it sent the judges of the courts of common law to the courts of equity to learn by what law they were to decide , a system which met his marked condemnation . defended the clause to which he could not see the slightest objection . It was perfectly clear , from the opinions of the judges , that there were exceptions to the general rule , which it was necessary to provide against . With respect to courts of equity , the law of evidence was the same in those courts as in the courts of law , and therefore the objection upon this head fell to the ground , as the clause merely directed in fact that the laws of evidence should be resorted to . Although somewhat irregular in referring to a bill of the noble earl 's ( Stanhope ) now on the table , on this subject , he was happy to concur with him in one part , where , notwithstanding his objection yesterday , he had inserted the words `` the lords spiritual and temporal . '' The lords spiritual were the ministers of God and of religion , and it being thought fit that they should take a part in our temporal concerns , it was also fit that they should have the precedence . said he had inserted the words `` the lords temporal and spiritual , '' but that the printer had altered them . notwithstanding what had been said by his noble and learned friend on the woolsack , could not agree in the propriety of referring the judges of the courts of common law to courts of equity , to learn the law of evidence . He had too much veneration for the common law of the country to sanction such a proceeding . contended that the seven judges who had answered the questions in the affirmative having all done so with a variety of exceptions , it would be , in fact , acting contrary to that opinion if a law were passed enacting a general rule on the subject without any exception , and he had no hesitation in saying , that without some such clause as that he had proposed , the Declaratory Bill would be the greatest nuisance that ever existed ; no man 's pro 423 perty would then be safe , as he might be compelled to answer questions which might divest him of all title to his estates . As to courts of equity , their lordships would recollect that the judges