control , against the government of Madras , but , above all , against the whole body of the court of directors , who appeared to him to be the principal delinquents . But , said the right hon . gent. , I have been called upon in a way I do not approve , as if I were inconsistent in my conduct , and called upon by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) from whom I should not have expected it . It would seem as if his intentions were to promote differences among the members of administration at a time when their cordial union and hearty co-operation were necessary to the welfare , if not to the salvation of the country . However indifferent the hon . gent . may appear , if report speak truly , the hon . gent . was inclined to sustain on his own shoulders the whole weight of the concerns of India ; or if a favourable pliant moment had been employed to persuade him , he would have gone out to Bengal in a high responsible office . I do not mean to say , that the hon . gent . has acted from pique or disappointment ; all his motives , I presume , originate in public spirit , mingled , perhaps , with a little apprehension for my parliamentary consistency ; he must , however , leave me to be the protector of my own character , and of my own honour . I am so well pleased to see my right hon , friend once more in his place , that it would be very difficult for him to say any thing to me or of me , that could give me one moment 's concern . The facts , to which he alludes , have been much misrepresented to him . The only way to justify the resentment is to overstate the offence . The terms in which I spoke of his absence , were good-humoured and complimentary . No man repines much at a loss , which he does not feel to be important . Respect and value care usually included in regret . But my right hon . friend is mistaken about the fact . I never mentioned the transactions in the Carnatic . I never uttered a word , of provocation to him to make good his charge against lord Wellesley . You , sir , and the whole house will bear me witness , that the supposed debts of the Nabob of Arcot , in which lord Wellesley has no concern , was the subject on which I called for his assistance , and that 879 of my hon . friend , the representative of Norwich . With respect to the government of Bengal , and to my disappointment , and all the anecdotes he alludes to , and his own meritorious conduct , it is quite enough for me to say that he is mistaken in his premises ; and that , as in fact I have expressed no resentment , he has no right to assert that I am influenced by disappointment . On the principle of his own insinuation , if the fact fails him , I am entitled to the opposite conclusion . trusted the house would give him some credit for his silence in the discussions on the rejected draught of a letter , particularly as he had so repeatedly been pointed at for having differed in opinion with the majority of his friends in the direction . The paper in question was laid before Use court early in April 1805 , and contained every act of lord Wellesley 's government that could make against him , in the opinion of the writer of the letter , from the year 1798 . He stated , that the house should understand the established rule for carrying on the correspondence between the executive part of the company and the governments in India , is by answering every letter , in the order of its arrival , paragraph by paragraph ; and of course the former transactions of