the right hon . gent . or any other person . Indeed , it did not appear to his mind that such a measure could at all be sustained , for its tendency would be to disfranchise an immense proportion of the freeholders of the country . In the case even of the county he had the honour to represent , what would be the fate of the poor freeholders who lived above 80 miles from the place of polling ? Why , that such persons , unable to defray the expence of the journey , would fore it their votes . The same thing would , no doubt , happen in many , if not all other counties . It was enough that poor freeholders should be subject to the loss of time and the trouble of going to the hustings , without being called upon to submit to the expence of carriage from distant quarters . This ex-pence was no material loss to the 'candidates , and it was to be recollected that the poor voters were only treated to this jaunt once in seven years . It would be cruel then to dash this trivial cup from the poor man 's lips . The house should bear in mind the manner in which our sagacious enemy acted towards his people , particularly towards his soldiery , to every one of whom he occasionally appealed , complimenting them at once as the judge of his conduct the means of his success , and the partake ] of his glory . A similar policy should govern this country . Every Englishman should be taught to feel a common interest with his country and its legislature , and the best Mode to encourage that feeling was by making every , even the poorest freeholder , an arbiter of the conduct of his representative . But the object of this bill would be to deprive the greater part of the poor freeholders of this important right . If such a bill were to pass , the effect would be to injure independent candidates , to exclude distant voters , and to leave the ate of an election generally to the decision of the mob of the town where it might take place . Thus , the man who could best harangue , the mob , would probably be the successful candidate , to the exclusion of those in- 506 dependent men who were most worthy to be members of parliament—for those who should not submit to great trouble would have no chance of succeeding . Sir Edward Coke had observed , that those men were most fit to be members of parliament who did not care whether they were so or not ; and if this bill were to be adopted , such men would , in all likelihood , be utterly excluded ; for being prevented from paying for the conveyance of voters , being too proud to canvass , and unwilling to count the mere mob at the hustings , they would have but little chance of any voters at all . professed the greatest respect for the hon . mover of the bill . He knew him to be intimately acquainted with the laws on the subject of treating at elections , and that the whole had engaged much of his attention . But his objections to the present bill were of such a radical nature , that no alteration or amendment could reconcile him to its adoption , and therefore he felt this the proper stage to make his stand against it . If it were meant as a declaratory law , to explain the act of king William , he would resist it as totally unnecessary , and if meant to go farther than that act , he would resist it as improper and unjust . The giving meat and drink to voters was already prohibited by the letter of the statute of William , and there , in his judgement , the law went far enough . If it proceeded the length of forbidding the conveyance of voters at the expence of candidates , he