the sale of spirituous liquors , between which and the other articles of their trade there existed a long established and necessary connection ; and therefore praying , that the said acts may be so far partially repealed or modified as to permit Irish grocers to sell spirituous liquors by retail on paying the same licence duty as other retailers of spirits.—Sir John Frederick reported from the committee , to whom the petition of Joseph Burnett , of Streatham , in the county of Surrey , and Francis Bigg , deputy land coal meter for the said county , was referred ; that the committee had examined the matter of the said petition , and had directed him to report the same , as it appeared to them , to the house ; and he read the report in his place , and afterwards delivered it in at the table , where the same was read . Ordered , that leave be given to bring in a bill for more effectually preventing of frauds and abuses in the in the admeasurement and delivery of Coals , within the several parishes lying between the parishes of Egham and Rotherhithe , both inclusive , in the county of Surrey ; and that sir John Frederick and lord William Russell do prepare , and bring in the same.—Mr . Hutchinson presented to the house ( according to order ) a bill for building a new gaol for the county of the city of Cork , and for supplying the said gaol with water ; and the same was received , and read the first time , and ordered to be read a second time.—Mr . Wilberforce presented to the house ( according to order ) a bill to enable the justices of the peace for the county of York to provide a convenient house , with suitable accommodations , for his majesty 's judges of the assizes of the said county ; and the same was received , and read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time.—A bill for inclosing lands in the township of Skelton , in the parishes of Skelton and Overton , in the North Riding of the county of York , was read a second time , and committed.— A petition of the Journeymen Boot and Shoe Makers , in the parish of 652 Leeds , in the county of York , and its environs , was presented to the house , and read ; taking notice of the application of the Master Boot and Shoe Makers ; and setting forth , that , if the bill prayed for thereby should pass into a law , it will be the utter ruin of several thousands of his majesty 's faithful and loyal subjects ; and therefore praying , that the same may not pass into a law.— Mr. Robert Thornton said , he had put off his motion once or twice , in expectation that a discussion would take place on another motion connected with it . And as such discussion was not likely to take place this day , he would now barely content himself with moving , that there be laid before the house a copy of a letter from sir Robert Barlow to lord Lake , dated the 20th of Oct. 1805 , in answer to a dispatch from lord Lake to marquis Cornwallis , dated the 6th of Oct. 1805 . Mr. H. Addington said he had no objection whatever to the production of this paper , which was ordered accordingly.—Mr . Huddlestone said , that as he understood that some objections were to be made to the papers he was about to move for , as there was business of very great importance coming on this day , he would not interrupt it by making the motion , but put off the same till after the recess , when he would fix a day for it.—Mr . Rose said , he should be unwilling now to take up the time of the house by making the motion , of which he had given notice yesterday . He had heard