be ruin ? —The first argument in its favour , that it is the practice of foreign powers , has been sufficiently answered by the hon . gen. ( Sir J. Pultency ) behind me . It is not the practice of foreign powers . But even if it were , yet I should contend that it would not therefore necessarily apply to this country . If you could despotically compel the people to enter into the service in as great numbers and in any manner you pleased , then indeed you might . safely admit of this modification ; but as the act of entering into the regular army must here be voluntary , that totally alters the . case . So far as the principle is acted upon by foreign powers , so fair at least do we act upon it already We adopt limitation of time , and not of time only , but limitation of space also , as the just mitigation of compulsory service : but we do not think it a necessary condition of voluntary enlistment . Where we compel service , as in the militia , as in the additional force , time and space are limited : the regular army no man enters but by his own will , and there , in principle , the limitation is not necessary . I say it is lot necessary in principle . I do not pretend to affirm that it may not therefore be expedient to try it ; though there our experience 979 is rather against us ; for if that service where the limitation both of time and space , does sot fill by voluntary enrolments , what right have we to presume that the single limitation will be more effectual ? But I wish to guard against being misunderstood : I do not . say that this measure ought not to be tried : I do not say that ; what I say is , that the nature of the service ought not to be so completely changed , as that what has been hitherto the general rule should now become the exception , while what it may be very fit to try only as an exception is to become the general rule.—A noble friend of mine , who sits near me , ( Lord De Blaquiere ) mentioned in a former .debate the achievements of a regiment raised for a limited period of service , under his own command . He himself had great share in raising it , and , no doubt , transfused into it a great part of the spirit which it displayed . But this was merely an exception to the general rule ; and the fact is , that this regiment afterwards enlisted in America for unlimited service . I do not object to such partials of the experiment as this ; far from it ; they may be productive of good ; they may possibly procure the services of men who would not otherwise serve at all— who may be actuated by a desire of that particular description of service for which our other establishments do not make provision ; and as I have not , like the rt . hon . gent . an abhorrence of variety of services , I see no objection to trying all . What I object to is the risking every thing upon one ; and that one yet untried , except in partial instances ; I object to abolishing or discrediting all that now exists in order to make room for the trial of this experiment ; I object to the laying it down as a general system , which is to be left to our posterity , upon whom the mischiefs of its failure may fall , while they are deprived of the benefits of the existing regulations.—This , sir is the view which I should take of the hon . gent 's . proposition , if we were now in a state of peace , and were about to revise our military establishments for the purpose of correction and improvement . But it is an