condemn , and whose measures , throughout the course of his political life , he now reproved with so much asperity . He called upon the house , after the strenuous part that right hon . gent . had borne so long in the chief measures of the late lamented chancellor of the exchequer , to witness the part he had taken this night . The right hon . gent . had shewn a degree of Spartan virtue , which he confessed excited his admiration ; he had evinced an heroic disre- 55 gard of every natural and every moral feeling ; but , for the sake of the happiness of the world , he trusted that his conduct would operate rather as a warning to deter , than an example to be followed . The right hon . gent . as well as another hon . friend of his , who spoke early in the debate ( Mr. W. Smith ) , appeared totally to have misunderstood , or misconstrued the object of the motion ; for it was emphatically impressed by the hon . member , who had this night brought it forward , and expressly desired to be understood , as not binding any man who should vote on this question , to any opinion whatever , upon any other topic that might be hereafter the subject of discussion . But surely , no man in that house , however different his political principles might be to those of the illustrious statesman , now no more , could fairly feel his principles implicated , in acceding to a signal mark of public respect to the memory of that great man , the purity of whose moral character , the splendour of whose talents , the sincerity of whose zeal , and the importance of whose services to his country , every man , in and out of that house , must acknowledge . The question was not , whether such a mark of public respect should be paid to his memory , because he had held the contidence of his sovereign longer than any former minister had done ; nor for the important space he filled in the eyes of Europe , but for the great character which , upon the whole , he head sustained ; a character as honourable to the age in which he lived , as it was ornamental to his country ; and the loss of whose talents , in the event of his death , presented on of the most durable causes of sorrow in every part of the empire . , and spoke as follows ; —I feel , sir , most sensibly , a high degree of reluctance in rising to oppose the motion now before the house ; and , I am persuaded , it is the wish of every liberal mind , that however men may have differed in political opinions from the right hon . gent . who is the subject of this discussion , all animosities , that have heretofore existed , should now cease : and , if the motion of the hon . member had been merely to express sentiments , on the part of this house , favourable to the moral character and good intentions of that right hon . gent . I should most cheerfully have acceded to the motion . But the question really goes , in my understanding , to pledge every man , who votes for this motion , to approve the measures 56 which that minister pursued : so far , however , am I from approving those measures , or wishing their continuance , that I sincerely hope the system will be buried with the man . When I am called upon to mark , with approbation , the political life of a minister , whose measures it has been almost uniformly the fortune of my political life to oppose , by voting to his memory the highest honours that ever a country could confer upon a patriotic statesman , I am bound to examine , whether the system he has pursued was such as to