not exceeding 400l . Irish currency , be granted to his majesty , for defraying the charge of the Office of the Commissioners of Charitable Donations and Bequests , from the 5th day of January , 1806 , to the 5th of January , 1807.—.37 . That a sum , not exceeding 10,000l . Irish currency , be granted to his majesty , for paving , cleansing , and lighting the streets of Dublin , from the 5th day of January , 1806 , to the 5th day of January , 1807.—38 . That a sum , not exceeding 4,500l . Irish currency , be granted to this majesty , to be paid to the commissioners for making wide and convenient streets in 650 the city of Dublin , from the 5th day of January , 1806 , to the 5th day of January , 1807.—39 . That a sum , not exceeding 8,000l . Irish currency , be granted to his Majesty , for defraying the charge of the Roman Catholic Seminary in Ireland , from the 5th day of January , 1806 , to the 5th day of January , 1807.—40 . That a sum , not exceeding 2,700l . Irish currency , be granted to his majesty , to be applied to complete the re-building of the parish church of Saint Andrew Dublin , and building a steeple and spire thereto.—41 . That a sum , not exceeding 4,740l . 3s . 0½d. , Irish currency , be granted to his majesty , towards defraying the expence of Madam Steevens 's Hospital , from the 5th day of January , 1806 , to the 5th day of January , 1807 , and to complete the repairing , furnishing , and enlarging , of the said Hospital . `` —A Petition of the proprietors of the Birmingham Canal Navigations , was presented to the house , and read ; setting forth , that , in pursuance of powers granted by 5 several acts , of the 8th , 9th , 23d , 24th , and 34th years of his present majesty , the petitioners have made navigable canals from Birmingham , co. Warwick , to communicate with the canal navigations between the rivers Severn and Trent , and from Birmingham aforesaid to Fazely mid Whittington Brook , which have opened navigable communications with the Coventry canal and the canal from the Trent to the Mersey ; that they have also completed canals and cuts to the lower part of the town of Birmingham and to the extensive coal mines , in the parishes of Wednesbury , & c. co. Stafford ; and that they have expended large sums of money in improving their said canals , and particularly in the part between Birmingham and the coal mines at Tipton and Sedgley ; and that , by an act , of the 31st of his present majesty , for making a navigable canal near Birmingham , to communicate with the Severn , at Diglis , near Worcester , the said last mentioned canal is not allowed to approach nearer to the Birmingham canal than within 7 feet ; and , to prevent such approach , a bar hath been erected , by virtue of the last-mentioned act , to separate the said canals from each other ; and that application hath been made by the proprietors of the said Worcester and Birmingham canal to the petitioners , to open a navigable communication between the said two canals , for the passage of boats , barges , & c. , out of the one into the other , to which the petition- 651 ers have consented on certain conditions ; & c. & c.—The petition was ordered to lie upon the table.—A petition of the wholesale and retail grocers of the city of Dublin , was presented to the house , and read ; setting forth , that two acts of the last session of parliament , one by direct prohibition , and the other by the indirect effect of some of its provisions , have deprived the description of traders in Ireland called Grocers , of the benefit of