the hon . the Knight of the Bath ( sir Arthur Wellesley ) ; on his courage , none can be thrown ; but I think he has not consulted what was due to his fair fame , to his prudence , or to the situation in which he himself stands , in becoming , in this stage of the discussion , in which he had so large a share , the defender , sir , of measures declared worthy of Impeachment 934 in this house ; and to say the least , in which the hon . but in discreet Knight of the Bath , was an accessary to many of the facts and proceedings stated as most culpable , most reprehensible , and deserving of the most severe punishment . Has the Marhatta War ever yet been justified ? Has the marquis of Wellesley been exonerated from the breach of the laws of his country ? Has any man , feeling strongly for his reputation , desired an hon . gent . ( Mr. Francis ) to retract his assertions ; not , sir , confined to speeches in parliament , but printed and circulated out of doors , with the name of the author ? No , sir ; no friend of lord Wellesley 's has dared to question the facts I allude to , or to desire the hon . gent . and 29 directors , to substantiate such facts , or to retract declarations so solemnly urged.—The conduct of the marquis Wellesley 's friends is particularly deserving of notice . Whilst facts are asserted and the proofs are called for , but not actually produced , they pretend to court enquiry , and are clamorous for investigation ; but when transactions are described as unjust and iniquitous ; when acts are asserted as having originated in fraud , and ended in murder ; when the papers are produced to substantiate the facts ; to what shifts are the friends of the marquis of Wellesley driven ? They are indignant at accusation ; but sit quietly under the proofs adduced on the motions of the treasurer of the navy ; have they presumed to question the allegations of Mr. Sheridan ? No ; but whilst one part of the administration are holding up the marquis as a profound statesman , and the treasurer of the navy depicting him as a great state delinquent , the relatives and friends of lord Wellesley are calling upon me to be brief in my accusation ; whilst the crimes committed in the Carnatic , and the charges of Mr. Francis and Mr. Sheridan are allowed to pass unnoticed , unrefuted , unattempted to be contradicted.—But , to return to the Knight of the Bath : does he not know , that marquis Wellesley is accused by his employers , the East-India Company , of conveying powers to the hon . general , of a despotic and reprehensible nature , and as improper , and contrary to law ? And , acting under such orders , is the hon . general not aware that his doing so was illegal ! The ignorance of the laws of his country is but a poor vindication of the deeds done in a civil capacity in India ; deeds declare to be illegal , unjustifiable , and reprehensible , 935 nay , impeachable . The relatives of lord Wellesley will not , of course , listen much to what I recommend ; but England expects decency from them at least , and that , until lord Wellesley is declared unimpeachable , by a vote of this house , the person at least who is so much implicated in certain of his proceedings , will not in future , by an ill-timed declaration of innocence , or by threats as contemptible as they are ridiculous , attempt to slander , sir , the person to whom he can not impute any motives but those of a public nature , appearing as the public accuser of a man covered with crimes , and whom , if possible , I am determined to prosecute to conviction.—It is painful