they saw so much evasion and un- 578 fairness practised , that they were induced to relinquish their scruples , and to agree to receive the duties payable on the dividends in their hands . With respect to the other point , namely , the increase of the Property Tax to 10 per cent . though he regretted the disapprobation of the hon . member , yet upon the best consideration . he had been able to give the principle , he must still think it an eligible one ; and had only to repeat his former opinion , that he thought the public would be much better pleased with an increase of the tax , to that natural point beyond which it was not likely to be extended , than by a gradual increase year after year , of which they could reckon upon no definite limitation . acknowledged the very clear and satisfactory statement brought forward by the noble lord , and said it was not his intention to oppose his taxes ; there was but one of them to which he had any special ground of objection : and had the noble lord contented himself with the eulogies he chose to bestow upon himself and his friends , he should not have risen to say a single word ; but in answer to what had fallen from the noble lord towards the latter end of his speech , in the censure he had endeavoured to cast upon his majesty 's late ministers , for a system of fraud , perjury , and peculation , which he alledged to have existed in the West Indies , unchecked and unpunished by those ministers , as if suffered to continue with their privity and acquiescence , he must beg to be indulged in a short reply . It had happened to himself , when a member of the late administration , to have been the first to detect those frauds and peculations , and he lost not one moment in the speediest endeavours to bring the perpetrators to condign punishment ; as could be proved by the evidence on the table of that house . He had brought in a bill for the appointment of special commissioners , who were dispatched to the West Indies , to make strict enquiry into those frauds and abuses , in order to the punishment of the offenders , and to the attainment of restitution for the public . Those commissioners had transmitted home their reports , from time to time , to his majesty 's government , who immediately committed them to the law advisers of the crown , in order to the speediest possible institution of such legal proceedings as they should deem most expedient for the objects in view . Why they were not brought to justice , it was not for 579 him to account , as certainly no step was omitted , on the part of the late administration ; his hon . and learned friends near him could best answer on that point . The noble lord had also bestowed much panegyric on himself and his colleagues , upon the ground of the publicity they were determined to give with respect to the state of the finances and expenditure of the country , as if the noble lord meant to insinuate that the conduct of his majesty 's late ministers had been exactly the reverse , or that the noble lord and his colleagues introduced under this profession , any thing new into the management of the public accounts . Now , was it not his late right hon . friend , now lost , and so justly and universally lamented by the country , that first instituted enquiry into the public accounts , and probed them to the bottom ? Was it not under his auspices that those sources of publicity were established , for which the noble lord now took credit to himself and his colleagues ? With respect , however , to the frauds which had existed in the West Indies , he was extremely glad to hear from the noble lord , that exertions