held their offices for life , or at least could only be removed for misconduct . It might happen that a judge who was also a Cabinet minister , might , in his office of judge , administer justice with unsullied honour and unimpeachable integrity , but who as one of the king 's ministers and confidential advisers , might be impeached at their lordships ' bar for high crimes and misdemeanours . He would then be placed in the singular situation of attending half his time as a judge upon the bench to administer justice , and the other half at their lordships ' bar to defend himself against an impeachment for high crimes and misdemeanours . It was not merely from eminent writers , that a disapprobation of the general principle of such an union of offices might be gathered , but it had met in that house with marked reprobation from the late marquis of Lansdowne , after the late lord Mansfield had confessed that he had acted as a Cabinet minister , whilst holding the office of chief Justice of the court of King 's Bench . agreed with the noble lord who spoke last , and with a noble and learned lord ( Eldon ) who had spoken earlier in the debate , that this was a question of very great importance in a constitutional view . He also agreed with the same noble and learned lord , that it was necessary that the administration of justice in this country should not only be free and unfettered by the crown , but that the purity of it should be beyond the reach of suspicion ; and if in the present instance it could be urged , that there was any reasonable ground of suspicion , he would admit that no pressure of circumstances would make the time improper for the discussion . He had felt a strong desire to reply to the noble and learned lord sooner , but had been prevented by the rising of another peer ; he was happy , however , to have heard from the authority of the noble and learned lord , that the appointment in question was not illegal , and that it was not unconstitutional ; nevertheless , the noble lord had said , that if he had been lord chief justice , and had been offered a seat in the Cabinet , he should not have objected to it in the first instance , but that if he had accepted it , he should have resigned it upon more full and mature consideration of the inexpediency of his re- 268 taining that seat . The noble and learned lord ( Eldon ) had declared his great respect for the high character of the lord chief justice , and had stated that it was from motives of personal regard and friendship to him that he had that day attended in his place . He must state , that in personal regard and friendship for the lord chief justice , he could not yield to any man ; but that was not the consideration that induced him to attend upon this occasion . It was a sense of duty to his country that made it necessary for him to defend the conduct of his majesty 's confidential advisers who recommended that appointment . For his part , if he had entertained the least doubt of the appointment being strictly legal , and conformable to the constitution and to established practice , he should not have attempted to support it , although he was convinced that , in the present instance , it would be a serious injury to the country , to deprive his majesty and the nation of the abilities and assistance of lord Ellenborough at the councils on public affairs . He was convinced that the lord chief justice must personally feel great uneasiness and regret at the public discussion that this appointment had produced . He himself felt sorry that any doubts should have been entertained on the subject , or that those doubts should be considered so serious as to give rise to a