, I am far from wishing that a measure should be fastened on the country , which the government are determined not to carry into effect ; but I certainly wish that the house should , by their vote , show that they do not think the rt . hon . gent 's . plan all-sufficient as a substitute for our present system , unless it shall be very considerably altered from What it has been stated by him . Sir , I would myself be the first to move that the Additional Force act should be referred to a committee for the purpose of adding to what is defective , and correcting what is erroneous ; and I would even after that willingly abandon it altogether , if it were found inferior to the amended plan of the rt . hon . gent . But my object is , to gain time to institute this comparison : my object is , not to part precipitately with what we have , until we are better satisfied of the advantages of what is intended to be proposed to us , and I shall therefore move . That for the word `` now , '' in the original motion , be substituted the words `` this day three weeks . '' complimented the rt . hon . gent . on the very extraordinary talents which lie had just displayed . He thought , however , that to the question before the house , viz . whether the Additional Force act should , or should not be repealed , he had said but little . To this point , therefore , he should confine his own observations . As an independent member of parliament , unconnected with any party , he felt it his duty to vote for the repeal of the bill , because he thought it vicious in its principle , and impotent in its operation . On this subject he had obtained information from those who were better qualified to judge of it than himself . Those whose knowledge enabled them to make an accurate estimate of its merits ; those even who originally were prepossessed in its favour , now declared that the bill had been utterly unproductive . He had applied to several of the most experienced magistrates in the East Riding and the West Riding of Yorkshire . The former was thinly inhabited , the latter was very populous ; . they were therefore under different , and indeed opposite circumstances , yet similar answers had been returned from both districts . In the East Riding he had been told that not one man was obtained ; in the West Riding , that it had completely failed . He subse- 1002 quently heard , that in the North Riding also not a single individual had been procured by the operation of the act . He had afterwards written to a friend of his , a very active magistrate in Somersetshire . From him he learned , that in the Bath district , which ought to have produced 54 men , not a single man had been raised . It was true that this total failure did not every where take place ; but one of the strongest objections which he entertained against the act , was , that it depended for its efficiency upon its infringement , that was , that where men had been raised at all , they had not been locally raised by parishes , as it was the intention of the act to ordain , but by the ordinary method of recruiting . On all these just and solid grounds he thought that it ought to be repealed . From the king experience which he had of the conduct of the illustrious character who was the author of this bill , he was convinced , that had he lived he voids have been the first person to propose at least a substantial alteration in it , if not a total repeal of it . It was one characteristic of that great man , well deserving of admiration , that although he frequently in