provision would be made for the volunteer force in the course of the session , and that the necessary allowance for clothing would be included in the provision.—The house resumed , and the report was ordered to be brought up on Monday . brought up the report of the committee of supply on the army estimates . The resolutions were agreed to , nem . Con.— Mr. Alexander brought in bills for continuing for one year , from the expiration of the last grant , time usual duties on land , malt , & c. The bills were read a first time , and ordered to be read a second time on Monday.— Lord Castlereagh presented the following message from his majesty , viz . `` Geo . R. His majesty having taken into his royal consideration the splendid and unparalleled achievements of the late vice-admiral lord viscount Nelson , knt . of the most hon . order of the Bath , during a life spent in the service of his country , and terminated in . the moment of victory by a glorious death , and being desirous of conferring on his relict lady viscountess Nelson a net annuity of 2000l . per annum for the term of her natural life , recommends it to his faithful commons to consider of a proper method of enabling 117 his majesty to grant such annuity , and of securing and settling the same in such manner as shall be thought most effectual for the benefit of the said lady viscountess Nelson . G. R. '' —Lord Castlereagh presented the following message from his majesty , viz . `` Geo . R. His majesty having taken into his royal consideration the signal and important service performed by Cuthbert lord Collingwood , vice-admiral of the blue , in the ever-memorable and decisive victory obtained by the fleet under the command of vice-admiral lord viscount Nelson over the combined fleets of France and Spain off Cape Trafalgar , in the month of Oct. last ; and his highly meritorious conduct after the action , not only highly honourable to himself , but greatly beneficial to the united kingdom ; and being desirous to bestow upon the said Cuthbert lord Collingwood some considerable and lasting mark of his royal favour , as a testimony of his majesty 's approbation of the said services ; and for this purpose to give and grant , unto the said Cuthbert lord Collingwood , and to the two next succeeding heirs male of the body of the said Cuthbert lord Collingwood , to whom the title of baron Collingwoood shall descend , for and during their lives , a net annuity of 2000l . per annum ; but his majesty not having it in his power to grant an annuity to that amount , or to extend the effect of the said grant beyond the term of ins own life , recommends it to his faithful commons to consider of a proper method of enabling his majesty to grant the same , and of extending , securing , and settling such anunity to the said Cuthbert lord Collingwood , and to the two next persons on whom the title of baron Collingwood shall descend , in such manner as shall be thought most effectual for the benefit of tine said Cuthbert lord Collingwood and his family . G. R. '' —Lord Castlereagh presented also , the following message from his majesty , viz . `` Geo . R. His majesty being desirous of conferring a signal mark of his favour and approbation on rear-admiral sir Richard Strachan , bart . in consequence of the eminent services rendered by him , in the capture of a French squadron in the month of Nov. last , and of the valour and skill displayed by him on that occasion , recommends it to his faithful commons to enable his majesty to make pro- 118 vision for securing to the said sir Richard Strachan a pension of 1000l . per ann . for the term of his natural life . G. R. '' Resolved , that the house would on Monday next ,