former cases . Such a principle would place that house in a situation , different from that of the lords , who had 12 judges to consult ; for it would give them 150 generals to refer to for information . He should vote against the motion , and if it should be brought forward in any other shape , he should then be ready to state his opinion with respect to it . contended , that when the subject of fortification , as planned by the duke of Richmond , was before the house , general officers had been consulted , and their opinions laid before the house . replied , that there was a distinction between an opinion given by a board of officers , and that which was communicated individually . The case referred to had been of the former description , and , therefore , was no precedent for the measure now proposed . contended , that the question respecting the fortifications of the country was a purely military one ; whereas the question respecting the means of recruiting the army was not so . He thought it rather singular , that the measure of his right hon . friend should be represented as likely to cause a revolution in the state of the army , when the principle upon which it was founded , was that upon which the defence of the country rested . The first act of the administration , of which the hon . gent . who brought forward this motion was a member , was to call out the militia , to the number of 90,000 ; the next was for raising a force of 50,000 men for the army of reserve . These forces were raised for a limited term , and to them the country was to look for its defence . And yet they were now told that the application of the same principle to the mode of raising the regular force , inferior in number , would cause a revolution in the army . contended that the measures of the late administration had been eminently successful in supporting and increasing the military force of the country , and that there was no necessity for having recourse to new and untried experiments on a subject of so much importance . The new measure was of such a nature as called 791 for the opinions of practical and experienced men ; but the right hon . secretary seemed so fond of theory , that he wished to exclude practice altogether . It was rather extraordinary , that his right hon . friend , now no more , ( Mr. Pitt ) had seen reason to alter that inclination which he had felt for the principle of limited service , from the very same cause that had confirmed the right hon . secretary in his original opinion . They had both had recourse to the opinions of military men , and had come to very different conclusions from those opinions . This should induce the house to call for the sentiments of experienced men . If such opinions were withheld from the house , the natural conclusion would be , that they were upon the whole unfavourable to the measure . contended that the case of resorting to the authority of military men , when the duke of Richmond was at the head of the ordnance department in 1786 , was not at all similar to the present . The noble lord read an extract from the journals , to shew that the information in that case laid before the house , was only an extract from a report made by a board of officers , appointed by his majesty , who were responsible for their opinions . It was unconstitutional to refer to opinions such as those communicated in the manner by which those that were the object of the preserve motion were given in , and as there was no precedent for examining officers at the bar of the house , on such subjects , be should object to that course of proceeding also . thought , that