tax now proposed had his complete approbation . The country wanted large taxes . He should not enter into the general merits of the budget , though he believed the taxes proposed by his noble friend were liable to as little objection as any other . He was sure his noble friend was entitled to his gratitude , and that of the country , for having undertaken the arduous duties of the office he filled under such circumstances of difficulty ; and , though he assumed the office at , such an age , what passed on a former night skewed , that he had not accepted of a situation to which he was not fully competent . My right hon . friend has been pleased to say , that , on the subject of my attention to the government of India and the affairs of the India company , he could not be justly said to have deserted me , because he never gave me any encouragement , I suppose he means that , being tired of the subject himself , at which I am not at all surprised , since no man could be more weary of it than myself , he thought it right to discourage his friends from persevering in that duty . This language , from any other person , would have more the appearance of a charge than a defence . He might possibly find motives for withdrawing from these discussions himself . Of that he is the best judge . But I defy him to state a reason , that will acquit him of all blame , for discouraging others , as he says , from giving their attention to so great a national concern as the government of India . Does he seriously mean that the situation of India ought to have been totally 614 neglected , and by those particularly , who were best acquainted with it ? For that purpose , the example was quite enough with out the precept . But it seems he gave me no previous encouragement . Very true within the last twelve months . But , even in that period , has he given me no subsequent approbation ? And what is approbation of an act done , or of a course adopted , but an encouragement to proceed in it ? I am not qualified to argue with him about distinctions , which neither of us understand . I adhere to his approbation , which I am sure he is too liberal and too honest to retract . On the 17th of January he told me in his own house and of his own accord , that he had now deliberately read my speech of the 5th of April 1805 , with the same satisfaction , with which he heard it spoken , almost word for word as it is printed ; that it was convincing and unanswerable , and that there could be no reply to it . My right hon . friend is not apt to give such commendation lightly . About the applause of such a man , if he were only my judge and not my friend , I can not be indifferent . His praise is not only a reward , but a powerful incentive too to continue to deserve it . declared , with uncommon emphasis , that what his hon . friend had stated of his opinion of the speech of his hon . friend , was strictly true ; that he adhered to it still , and never would he retract one word of it . did not think the advantageous bargains that were now made for loans ought to be attributed altogether to the sinking fund , but rather to the system of raising a great part of the supplies within the year . In the year 1798 , the rapid accumulation of the public debt from the expences of the last war , rendered it necessary to act upon that wise and patriotic principle . In the year before that , a small loan could not be had on any better terms than an