been urged by the calls of the right hon . gent . opposite to bring forward the measure this day before the minute details of it are in every instance completely arranged . It is not however very material whether those details are brought forward to-day or a few days later , as the holidays will afford gentlemen a convenient opportunity of considering the particulars of a subject , of which every body knows a little and nobody knows much . With respect to Desertion , I think there night be a power vested in courts martial to restore the unfortunate persons who may have transgressed , perhaps from intoxication , if not to a whole , at least to a part of what they would be entitled to at the regular expiration of their term . It would be cruel to deprive a poor man of those privileges and rewards to which by service he was entitled , because in a moment of inadvertency or intoxication he had been prevailed upon by others or felt an inclination to desert . This must produce a gradual effect upon the army . It is certain that desertion prevails even in the most limited service : but to say that the prevalence of desertion would not be counteracted by the prospect of release at a certain time , is to argue against the first principle of human nature . But then , it may be started as an objection to this , that men desert from corps whose services are limited , as well as they do from those of a different description . Certainly they do so , but I still contend that they desert in the one case when they would 670 not in the other . I might here use the same argument as in the cases of high and low bounties . The truth is , that these things happen often by chance , or from circumstances , independent of bounty or term of service . Men desert when they see others deserting around them , from the influence of bad example or persuasion , and a variety of other causes . But still here I must look at the general principle which must influence the mind in a greater or less degree.—It is also urged , that those who enter into the service are , for the greater part , thoughtless , inconsiderate , and often unprincipled men , who never look to distant advantages of any kind whatever . I will not deny , but that , in a great degree , it is so ; and that is one of the principal defects I complain of in our present system . But the great benefit which may be fairly expected from a measure of the sort now proposed , is , that it will introduce a new and better description of persons into the army , not altogether so thoughtless nor so inconsiderate , but who are attracted by the advantages that the military service holds out.—I may be told that to hold out to a young lad the prospect of an advantage at the end of 7 or 14 years , is to hold out an advantage that will have no weight with him . Certainly , it may have no weight as applied by the young man directly to himself ; but , when he sees the influence it has on those around him , he can not fail to be equally influenced by it himself . He will perhaps converse with his uncle Tom , who , 14 years before , had gone for a soldier . He will see him , after completing his terms , enjoying in full health and vigour , with constitution unimpaired and in the prime of life , the honourable allowance granted by his country in reward of his services : while some other relation , perhaps his father , who remained at home , is reduced to poverty and want , and wringing a scanty pittance from the parish . An example such as this , in his own family , can not tail to