, except as marking the power of armies , compared with the consequences which they severally produced ? What were the numbers concerned , the space occupied , the time employed , the lives lost on those days , compared with the states and kingdoms whose fate was then decided ? Why were the millions of people composing those states to receive their 657 doom from the issue of a combat between a few thousands on the plains of Austerlitz or Marengo ? Yet such was the fact . The battle is lost , and Europe submits instantly to the will of the conqueror.—But it is not merely that the fact is so ; our own opinions are in perfect conformity to this fact , whenever we reason upon the affairs , not of our own , but of any other country . When the emperors of France and Germany drew forth their armies lately to their respective frontiers , what did we ever expect was to stop the progress of either army , but the army opposed to it ? Why , in fact , were the armies drawn out at all , if to stop the progress of an army the population of a country could be sufficient ? When general Mack was defeated , we looked to nothing but the Russians . No one ever dreamt , that if they likewise were defeated , or withdrawn , that Buonaparté was not to proceed to Vienna , with as little trouble , and in as short a time , as was necessary to march that distance . Yet , it was not because there did not exist in those countries a brave and warlike people animated by the usual feelings of men attached to their prince , and loving their ancient institutions , and abhorring the idea of a foreign yoke . All these there were ; yet of five and twenty millions of loyal subjects , by whom the emperor boasted to be surrounded , not five-and-twenty perhaps were found , by whom the smallest resistance was attempted , when once the armies were overthrown . If ever there was a country calculated to be defended by its inhabitants ; if ever there were inhabitants qualified to defend a country , it was Swisserland , and the Swiss . The country was a succession of passes , where an handful of men might defend themselves , one should suppose , against thousands : the inhabitants were a nation of warriors ; strong in limb , stout in heart , whose courage in Europe was proverbial ; who had all seen service , and who were attached , beyond measure , to their native soil . Yet , without any falling off , perhaps , from their ancient character , how little were these people able to do , even in defence of such a country , against the force and skill , and active powers of a regular army ! —The case may possibly be widely different here . I hope , and trust , it will be so . I am willing to push as far as any body the hopes to be entertained from the zeal , the energy , the patriotism , the intelligence , the creative talents , the enterprising spirit , the high mind , and determi- 658 ned valour , of the inhabitants of these islands ; but , though I will hope every thing from these qualities , and do feel sanguine that the hope will not be disappointed , I will not , when I can avoid it , make them part of my calculation . And here it is whimsical to observe , that while certain gentlemen are charging me as indulging my fancy , and dealing in theoretical opinions , it is they themselves , if their modesty would suffer them to perceive it , who are the real theorists , and who , like the gentleman in the French comedy , are talking prose without knowing any thing of the matter . Their opinions are , I trust , perfectly well founded ; but still ,