, that it should be taken into consideration on Wednesday , and that the lords be summoned for that day . Ordered.—His lordship presented , by his majesty 's command , certain papers respecting Prussia . he rose to give notice on a subject of considerable importance to a great number of his maj. 's subjects , and also to that house , with respect to a part of its proceedings . He alluded to the Administration of Justice in Scotland , with respect to the forms of which , he believed , it was the opinion of the bar in that country , and the general opinion , that an alteration might be made with great advantage to all those who were suitors in the courts . Far was it from him to say that the system of legal proceedings in Scotland was not one wisely established , but , in the lapse of time , it had become , in some of its parts , inferior to the system established in England , which had stood the test of so many ages , and which still retained all its original beauty and purity . Far was it from him to say , that the laws of Scotland were not administered with the greatest purity . There was , however , one consideration of the greatest importance , namely , that justice ought to be speedily administered , otherwise , in many cases , it ceased to be justice . Their lordships had taken upon themselves to be a court of dernier resort for all parts of the united kingdom , to the execution of which important business much of their time had been devoted . Notwithstanding , however , all their diligence and attention , the number of appeals from Scotland now on the table of the house , which were yet undecided , shewed that they had arrived at that point when they must either declare that they could not do justice to the parties appealing to their decision , or take some measure to reduce the number of appeals from that country . It was doubtless of the greatest importance in every case , that the dispatch of business should keep pace with the business which actually arose . He was afraid he could not promise any measure upon this subject in the course of the present session ; and , though some might complain of this delay , it was nevertheless of the greatest importance that such a measure should be carefully digested , and receive every advantage which could be derived from the suggestions of those who had a thorough knowledge of the Scottish law . The mode he 808 intended to adopt was to propose certain resolutions , upon which , in the ensuing session , a bill might be founded ; but which , in the mean time , might go forth to the public , and receive all that consideration which their importance deserved , and particularly from the Scottish bar , from whose talents many advantageous suggestions might be expected . His lordship concluded by giving notice , that he should bring forward some motion on the subject on Monday se'nnight , although he would not pledge himself as to the particular day , and moved that the lords be summoned for that day . expressed in the strongest terms the infinite satisfaction he felt , in finding that a measure of such consequence was taken up by a noble lord for whom he entertained such high esteem , and whose talents were so adequate to the undertaking and success of measures of such size and consequence ; and he was confident he might safely venture to assert , that the noble lord would have the sincere and unanimous thanks of the whole country , for whose benefit he had so generously undertaken it . said , he had to apologise , that the bill upon this subject was not yet in perfect readiness to be laid before their lordships ; but its main object was to enable his majesty in council to grant certain powers to the governors of