executive government was , though not absolutely illegal , yet most undeniably unconstitutional , and such as tended to impair and ultimately to destroy that peculiar excellency which had been the chief glory of our whole political system , which had called forth most warmly the admiration of writers in their closets , and had been the means of conveying security and comfort to the inhabitants of this happy island . But before he stated his objections to the measure itself , he begged leaved to premise that personally he had no objection at all to lord Ellen-borough , on the contrary , he highly respected that noble lord , and thought that his talents , his constitutional principles , his undaunted firmness , and resolute independence of character , would make him a most valuable addition to his majesty 's present Cabinet . But on general principles he must protest against the measure : First , because it tended directly to violate the great principle of the independence of the Judges . That was a subject on which he need not enlarge . Every gentleman 's own mind would supply the necessary arguments . But , to what purpose were all the laborious precautions by which the independence of the Judges had been secured , and which had received the finishing hand at the beginning of his present majesty 's reign , if the king could exercise that influence over the mind of a judge , which he would possess by being able to grant to him during pleasure , and at any time to turn him out from , a situation , the value and importance of which he need no otherwise establish , than by stating that it was confessedly the great object of the ambition of the greatest and the ablest men in this country ? It would not be affirmed that the salary annexed to these situations was their chief temptation . No ! it was the love of power , of pre-eminence , of command . The hon . gentlemen opposite to him would not deny that these were their own feelings ; and where , then , would be the consistency of preventing a judge being removable from his judicial office , of preventing him from receiving any in crease of salary from the crown , and allowing the king to grant or take away from him , at a time , too , when he was already as affluent as he could desire , a situation which was , above all others , the object of pursuit in high and honourable minds ? 339 But , secondly , the hon . gent . declared , that even making the judge a politician was in itself most highly objectionable , and especially so according to those party principles which were so popular with the hon . gentlemen opposite to him , though he himself retained all his old objections to them in full force ; it was the great glory of the administration of justice in this country that for many years . notwithstanding all the violence of contending factions , it had never even incurred the suspicion of being tainted by political connection or party bias . But would this be so in future ? Could any man divest himself altogether of the feelings and prepossessions of the minister when he went to assume the office of the Judge ? Suppose the country divided into two great parties mutually accusing each other of tyranny and sedition ; suppose the judge in possession of his ministerial situation , called upon to try the firebrand of the day , would he be likely to judge him with an impartial mind ? or , if the judge himself had been turned out of office and was in opposition as an ex-minister , might he not be likely to favour him ? But there was still perhaps another question behind . Would he not be generally suspected of favouring him in the one situation , or of being actuated by a spirit of hostility towards him in the other ? The general estimation in which the