or compel the attendance and examination of par- 736 ties , or witnesses on oath , or the production of papers , or that they should be invested with any powers , which can not be vested in them without the authority of parliament , or that the trusts , intents , and purposes of these presents can not effectually be carried into execution , according to the true intent and meaning of these presents , then , and in any such case , all the said parties hereto , and their respective successors , executors , administrators , and assigns , shall and will use their best and utmost endeavours to procure such act , or acts of parliament , to be passed from time to time , as the said commissioners in England shall think necessary or adviseable , for the purposes aforesaid , or any of them . '' The hon . gent . stated , that the commissioners were desirous of carrying into effect the evident preference of the parties , and calling , in all cases , for voluntary oaths ; but they entertained doubts of the propriety of the proceeding . In a letter to Mr. Ramsay , dated the 27th of July , 1805 , they observed , that `` however prevalent the usage of administering such voluntary oaths has long been , and however anxious we may be to conform ourselves to the intention of the parties in this point , yet , after an opinion which , as we are informed , has been very recently expressed by the highest legal authority , upon the illegality of administering such oaths , it seems incumbent upon us , for the sake of all who are concerned , the East-India co. , the bonâ fide creditors , and ourselves , to take the best means of informing our judgment before we issue notices , requiring all persons to take this voluntary oath previous to their evidence being received ; for it is hardly necessary to state that we ought not to require any one to take an oath which no one is legally authorized to administer . We would therefore submit it to the parties , whether , as the most effectual and speedy method of relieving them and our . selves from this difficulty , which meets us at the outset of the business , it would not be desirable for them to take the joint opinion of the law-officers of the crown , and the counsel to the East-India co. , on this question , the importance of which , in its application to this case , is too obvious to require comment . If those gentlemen should be of opinion that magistrates , in such a case as the present , are justifiable in administering a voluntary oath , we should feel ourselves warranted by the sanction of such respectable authorities , to stain con- 737 formity to the intention of the parties , and to refuse ally testimony which is not tendered . on oath . If they should entertain a contrary opinion , the ? parties and ourselves will have the satisfaction of knowing that we have no discretion upon the subject , and that we are under the necessity of receiving and deciding upon testimony , not on oath , because an oath can not with propriety be required.—Whatever may be the result of that opinion , we should be Much concerned if the readiness we express to proceed upon such evidence only , as the parties have considered to ? be the best that could be obtained , without the interference of parliament , should lead them to conclude that , in our judgment , such evidence would be as effectual for the execution of the trusts reposed in us , as that which is under the sanction of an oath , administered in the ordinary course of judicial proceedings . On the contrary , we think ourselves bound to take this opportunity of declaring , and we feel ourselves more particularly called upon to do so , by the provision of the 17th clause of