of their duty . Every transaction of the government-general has been minutely scrutinized and investigated . If the noble lord who was lately at the head of the board , was in his place , I should with confidence appeal to him , whether in the course of the 479 voluminous dispatches sent to India , there appeared any favour , partiality , or affection ? The executive body of the India company , where the law has placed the power and right to censure or approve , have with firmness expressed their sentiments on every measure that did not meet their approbation ; now , sir , under these circumstances , I can not bring myself to believe , that if there were any grounds for further enquiry , either with a view to a civil suit or criminal prosecution , the king 's ministers , or the court of directors , would have left so important a business to the honourable gentleman who has undertaken the task . But , supposing the late administration had felt a desire to screen lord Wellesley ; is it likely that the new administration will follow their example , if , when they have time to look over the records , they see cause for further proceedings ? And in that case , an enquiry will come forward with that weight of character which belongs to them , and under the influence of official situation : and in such an event there will not be a dissenting voice to any investigation they may think proper to propose to parliament . With respect to the production of the papers moved for , I shall only say , that they ought to be carefully examined before they are produced to the public eye . stated in explanation , that a considerable portion of the contents of the papers , if the motion should be carried , ought to be withheld , and suggested the propriety of giving the board of controul a discretionary power to that effect . said , he felt disposed to give every credit to marquis Wellesley for the energy with which he had conducted his Indian administration ; but he could not help feeling also , and the impression was augmented by the grounds upon which the production of papers was opposed , that there was such a presumption of delinquency made out , as would justify him in voting for the motion . thought himself called on to notice in a few words what had fallen from the noble baronet . If the hon . baronet meant that he had come into office without any improper desire to serve either one or other party , he was correct . If he were called on to state , taking the system pursued by the two noble marquisses , Wellesley and Cornwallis , as general principles , which of the two he liked best ? he should say , the latter , as being most agreeable to the principles laid down by this house , and 480 most to the credit and benefit of the East India company . If again he were asked as to his opinion of the delinquency of marquis Wellesley , he should say he had none . He had not vet formed it , and if he had , this was not the time to declare it . When the time came , he should act as the case seemed to require . The right hon . secretary defied any one to prove , that he had either in or out of parliament , either directly or indirectly , given encouragement to the hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) to proceed in his present endeavours to obtain a parliamentary enquiry : he took some share of blame to himself for having , of late years , paid too little attention to India affairs . With regard to enquiries , tending to crimination , he thought it , generally speaking , better for the ministry to abstain from interfering , and to leave the task to other members of the house . He thought such