, Denmark , and America ? I say , you must correct your institutions , if that be the effect of them . Again I ask , with what capital , with whose money , do these foreigners conduct this trade , to and fro , With our proper settlements and colonies ? Is it their own , or is it British property ? If it be the latter , as I suspect it is for the most part , why should we transfer the use of such a capital , and the profits of such trade to foreign carriers ? Is it rational that Britain should bear the whole expence and burthen of these distant settlements and that the only return they can make us should be ingrossed by strangers ? The fully of permitting such courses to be continued is insupportable.— Another question deserves the attention of this house . Where in fact , are the cargoes of the ships in question , which are destined for Europe , disposed of ? Where do they find their principal market ? Is it in poor Sweden , or in poor Denmark , or in the ruin of Holland or in the desolation of Germany ? I do no believe it : no , sir , the real market is in the British islands . This conclusion at least is obvious and natural ; common sense can draw no other from the facts that are known , and from all the appearances , until better information shall be received from sufficient authority . rose , and said : I do not rise , sir , to advance either of the objections the hon . gent . ( Mr. Prinsep ) anticipated , to the production of the papers he has called for , nor , indeed , to object at all to his motion , because my opposit on to it might be misunderstood ; but I wish to submit some general observations on the subject on which these papers a intended to bear . That subject is a very large one , namely , the extent to which the 440 private trade of individuals belonging to his country should be open between Great Britain and India . It is not a subject merely commercial , but involves a great political question ; the system by which our Indian empire can be best governed and retained for Great Britain ; that is to say , whether the intercourse between the two countries shall be regulated on the principles of our colonial policy , which give all our subjects a free trade between our colonies and the mother country , or by the principles which have hitherto made the East-India company the national organ through which India was to be governed , and the commerce between it and this country carried on.—This , I say sir , is a great national question , in the determination of which may be involved the preservation of our Indian empire ; and , therefore , it is not at all to be decided by any results derived from such statements as the hon . gent . has called for ; statements which , merely in a commercial view , would give but partial and imperfect information , insufficient even for just commercial conclusions on the subject.— This great question , sir , will not be best considered by bringing on the discussion of it immediately in this house , with the minds of gentlemen not sufficiently informed or prepared for it . I am humbly of opinion , that it is a subject for the mature enquiry and deliberation of his majesty 's government ; who , alter fully informing themselves of facts , and weighing the bearings of the proposed enlargements of private trade upon the safe retention of our Indian empire , will be best enabled to bring just views of this subject before parliament . The present crisis , when the nation is engaged in the most arduous struggle , is not the time for entering into this enquiry . it should be reserved for a more calm and settled period