resist the threatened invasion , and to frustrate the attempt of time enemy . The people were alarmed , but in no degree dispirited . As to their feelings , they might be said to be `` trepidi , non pavidi . '' There was a general ardour and zeal , and a strong wish to be serviceable , if only the means of being so were pointed out to them . In these circumstances , when others were speaking of compulsory service , I expressed my opinion , that when there was so much zeal and alacrity in the country , it would be far better first to try what could be done by voluntary service . Indeed the difficulties of carrying the compulsory enactments of the Levy en Masse act into force , were such , that it appeared to me much better first to try what voluntary service would do , Although that suggestion did not originally come from we , it certainly was not then in my contemplation that this voluntary spirit was to be employed in such a manner as it has been in the Volunteer corps which were afterwards formed . I saw that the spirit of the people was then at such a pitch , that they appeared only to demand of government , or of the house , `` Tell us what we are to do to be useful to the country , '' Under these circumstances , it was my firm opinion , that the people should have immediately been allowed an opportunity of training themselves , under the instruction of officers from the regular army appointed for that purpose . I thought there should have been depots of arms in every dis- 677 trict and , as I might say , shops of military instruction opened all over the country . Besides the assistance of the regular officers , I conceived that the zeal of the gentlemen of the country might assist powerfully in training the people to arms , both by their own example , and by giving small prizes for firing at marks . All this could have been done with infinitely less trouble , and infinitely less expence , than have been bestowed on the Volunteer system . At the same time I thought it was proper , that there should be armed associations of the better sort of people , entirely at their own expence ; but it was not upon such armed associations that I conceived the country should principally rely in aid of its standing army . What I considered as much more likely to be effectual , was the mass of the people of the country trained to firing , with the neighbouring gentlemen , and military officers ready to combine them in whatever manner they could prove most destructive to the enemy . Although I did not rely on such a force , for giving battle to an invading army , yet I thought they might be brought into action in such a manner , as would fret , harass , and wear down an enemy . Independent of the mischief that I conceived they would do in action , I relied upon such a force as this , as one that was likely to afford an inexhaustible fund to recruit from.—Such were my ideas at the commencement of the present war , of the manner in which the zeal and spirit of the people might have been rendered most useful in the defence of the country . As an experiment , nothing could have been cheaper , for there would have been no occasion for all those distinctions and military trappings which formed so considerable a part of the expence of the Volunteer system , as it was afterwards established . Instead , however , of the system which I proposed , the country from one end to the other was all thrown into Volunteer Corps . This mistake was not the fault of the people , but of the government . The desire of the nation was , `` Tell us what we are to do ? '' but when