. From the journals of the house , d from other information that , he had received , he found that there had not been many instances of im- 858 peachment this form ; that he did not find that there , had ever arisen a question on the right of a member to put in articles of charge , and have them read . Here , however , the right of an individual ended , and there had always been some motion made , on which the house had an opportunity of expressing their sense . Various modes had been adopted for this purpose . Sometimes by proposing to call witnesses to establish the charges ; and in other , and latter cases , by proposing that the house should take them into consideration . On the whole , the house would judge of the importance of preserving to individual members , the right of presenting articles of this description , and of preserving to themselves as a body , the right of deciding whether or not they should be entertained . agreeably to this suggestion , moved , and the title of the charge was shortly read b the clerk . he then moved that the charge be taken into consideration , with a view to appoint a future day for that purpose . in addition to his former remarks , stated , that in modern times there was still another mode of procedure , which was to print the charges , and refer them to a committee of the whole house . It was Competent to the hon . gent . to move , that this charge be printed , and then taken into consideration . in compliance with this intimation , moved that the charge be printed , which was ordered ; and also expressed his intention on some future day , probably in the course of the present week , to introduce other charges against marquis Wellesley ; and when a sufficient time had been given to allow the members to understand them as well as he did himself , to proceed . He meant to follow the same course with the charge which related to lord Wellesley 's conduct to the nabob of Furuckabad as in the present , namely , to print it , and on some future day to move , that it be taken into consideration . as the hon . gent . had submitted no question to the house , felt it his duty to call the attention of the house to the former proceedings on similar subjects , which prescribed some motion either of adoption or of rejection . If the hon . gent . was unwilling to propose any such motion , it was open to any other member to do so . said , that he had produced a charge , which he conceived would be amply supported by documents that could be 859 furnished by the court of directors . He did not pretend to such a knowledge of the journals of the house as to enable him exactly to say what was the preferable mode of proceeding . He should move , however , that the charge be taken into further consideration this day three weeks . enquired , who seconded the motion ? After a considerable pause , observed , that he could only say , if the noble lord to whom he had before alluded ( lord Folkestone ) had been in the house , he should not have wanted a seconder.—Another pause took , place , when sir W. Geary rose and seconded the motion . Far observed , that the hon . gent . had before the house a serious charge against the marquis Wellesley , but he had not told the house what were the documents to be adduced in support of that charge , nor when they were to be laid before the house ; besides , he had given notice of his intention to bring forward two other charges He understood the hon . member really had no documents , though he had proposed a day for discussion