almost emptied at the time when an attack is expected It is no answer to these questions to say , that in such cases the spirit of a British soldier would not permit him to abandon his post , or to prefer his private claims in opposition to the service of his country . If the rule is established it ought to be so , with a determination to adhere to it : violated once upon a great necessity , it might next be violated upon a smaller , until the frequency of the eases of exception may bring your good faith into suspicion . A rule which you find established it may sometimes be necessary to break through ; but it is surely idle to establish the rule with a view to its necessary violation . I know no other solution of these difficulties , unless it be one , which I do riot suspect the rt . hon . gent . of being prepared to adopt , from Brissot , or some other equally distinguished founder of the French republic : `` Perish our colonies , rather than one '' of our principles ! `` —But the general answer which the rt . hon . gent . gives to all these difficulties , is , that he speculates upon re-enlistment : and this seems to be the part of his plan on which he prides himself the most ; though this part I think is not with out its difficulties also . The danger of in I discipline , and the inconveniencies attending a canvas among the men ; for the 6 months immediately preceding the period at which they would be entitled to their discharge , and the effect of these things upon each regiment , and upon the service in general , are subjects upon which the hon . general behind me has already given the house an opinion of much greater authority than mine , and upon which it can not be necessary or agreeable . to enlarge . —The rt . hon . gent . however assures us , that his re-enlistment is to be very different indeed from the modes of enlistment now practised with respect to the army , and is to be free from all the objections which he has so repeatedly mentioned as belonging to that practice , and which it is indeed one of the main objects of his reform to do away . It is his purpose to get rid of all the hand and delusion , and cajolery , which he apprehends are view employed against the too credulous recruit : will not have an unfair advantage taken of 986 his , unguarded : hours . He will . permit no arts to , delude the judgment or mislead the imagination . If a man is found in ill-humour , or in high spirits , if he is in , debt , or in a scrape , or in love , or in drink , nothing , according to the rt . hon . gent 's . principles , can he so abhorrent from what ought to be the practice of a liberal recruiting serjeant , as to apply himself to any one of these accidental varieties of temper or situation . When in sober judgment , in the cool hour of undisturbed reflection , and of .perfect contentment with all around him , the recruit is in a state to listen to the still small voice of reason , when the serjeant lays before him not the glories and the triumphs only , but the toils , the difficulties , and the casualties of military life , and when , upon this statement , the choice is deliberately . made , then the rt . hon . gent . allows ; that the recruit has been fairly dealt with . The theory is a very beautiful one , but I doubt whether when it is acted upon , the returns of the recruiting service will be quite so large as at present . I am apprehensive that , it we discountenance an application to all human