not under the consideration of the house , at the time when the articles were first proposed , adduced in support of any of those articles . A right hon . gent . ( the Speaker ) who was intimately versant in the forms and usages of that house , had , indeed , informed him , that there was no precedent for bringing fresh articles of impeachment , after an answer had been delivered in by the person accused . But though the committee were 366 not supported by precedent , yet they were justified by reason and expedience . Were the general answer of the delinquent to preclude every future charge , this would directly tend to prevent investigation , and frustrate the ends of public justice . The committee were not chargeable with any want of diligence in the performance of their duty . During the last session , they had sat every day , from the period of their appointment , till the prorogation of parliament ; only two days before which , the papers , on which this new article was founded , came into their possession . The hon . gent . added , that he did not expect any opposition would be made to his motion ; and concluded with saying , that , whenever lord Melville should have given in his answer to this additional article , the managers were ready to go to trial on the earliest day that their lordships might think proper to appoint . He therefore moved , `` that the committee which was appointed to draw up articles of impeachment against Henry lord visc . Melville , do prepare a new article of impeachment on the matter contained in their last report , and report the same to the house . '' Ordered.—After the lapse of a few minutes , brought up a report , which was as follows : `` The committee appointed to draw up articles of impeachment against Henry lord visc . Melville , and who were ordered to prepare a further Article , have , purseant to the order of the house , prepared a further article against the said lord viscount Melville ; which is as followeth ; viz '' ARTICLE X.—That Henry lord visc . Melville , after his maj. had by letters patent bearing date the 19th of Aug. 1782 , given and granted unto him the office of treasurer of his maj. 's navy , did , on divers days and times between that day and the 5th of Jan. 1784 , and also on divers days and times between the said 5th of Jan. 1784 , and the 1st of Jan. 1786 , take and receive , from and out of the monies from time to time issued or paid to him , as treasurer or as ex-treasurer of his maj. 's navy , from his maj. 's exchequer , or some other sources , for naval services , divers large sums of money , amounting together to a large sum , to wit 27,000l . or thereabouts ; and did fraudulently and illegally convert and apply the same to his own use , or to some other corrupt and illegal purposes , and to other pur- 367 poses than those of the public naval services of this kingdom , to which alone the same was law fully applicable ; and did continue the said fraudulent and illegal conversion and application of divers of the said sums of money , after the passing of the act of parliament for the better regulating the office of treasurer of his Maj. 's navy . '' then moved , that this article be taken into further consideration on Monday . felt himself unable , at the moment , to make up his mind as to the strict legality of this measure . He gave the committee the greatest credit for their exertions , but it had occurred to him , and he thought it might be useful to suggest to the committee , that even were the house to vote this additional article of impeachment , certainly contrary to precedent ,