praised himself ; those who knew him , would say , that this was not a fault of his . But what bad be said ? He stated that every means would be adopted to check abuses , not in contradistinction to any thing that had been done by another ministry , but merely as a fact , and the grounds on which he stated this resolution to rest were , the Reports of the commissioners of naval enquiry , and 584 the labours of the Military Commission , which had certainly been appointed by the late administration . These were the reasons which he had given for his expectation of public confidence and support . He had given a noble pledge , and he had no doubt he would adhere to it , which rested upon the truest principle that could possibly be stated , and that was , that no exertion would be spared in attending to , and investigating abuses and their causes , with a view to find out the means of correcting them , and inspiring the public with a well founded confidence that their money would be properly expended ; which was the only thing that could induce them to bear with cheerfulness the burthens which it was necessary to impose upon them . adverted to the proceedings relative to the West-India abuses , and confirmed the statement of his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Perceval ) , that the want of legal evidence was the only cause why the offenders had not been brought to trial . said that he had never objected to a colonial tax , nor would he do it now . He only rose to set the noble lord right as to a fact . He had said that the prices of sugar at present bore him out in the conclusion that this article was a proper subject of taxation . He could say , from his personal knowledge , that the owners did not , since the year 1798 , get more than two thirds of the price which they had formerly received . As they had not the home market , he hoped that a proper drawback would be allowed , that they might at least have the advantage of the foreign market . contended that every attention had been paid to the abuses and frauds in the West Indies , from the time when they had been detected . He was sorry that the delinquents had not been brought to condign punishment ; but this was owing to the peculiar circumstances of the case , and not to any want of attention on the part of the late government ? Many abuses , however , had been pointed out , and , from the efforts that had been made , there were at first a great many which certainly did not now exist . He congratulated the country upon the pledge which the present government had given ; a pledge , which , in his opinion , did them great honour , that they would adhere to the system of finance which had been adopted by his honoured friend who was now no more . 585 This system was to raise the Ways and Means as much as possible , in such a way as to equal the supplies , and keep down as much as possible the loans , which were necessary to be contracted . He was happy in this pledge , because , from some things which they had heard out of doors , and from other circumstance , the friends of that system had felt a considerable degree of uneasiness . He then adverted to the deficiencies of the last year , and contended that they arose on account of services for which no grants had been made by parliament . This he did in order to shew that his deceased friend had not prepared his accounts with that negligence and want of foresight which might , perhaps , have been attributed to him , by those who might have had no opportunity of knowing any thing of the matter