remarks on the facility with which the knowledge could be furnished which it was the object of his motion to obtain , as lists of the arrivals and departures of shipping were published monthly in India , and as the duties were collected ad valorem , the hon . gent . concluded with moving , `` That there be laid before this house , lists of all ships and vessels navigating under Portuguese or other European colours and American , which have entered inwards and cleared outwards from the ports of Calcutta Madras , Bombay , Colombo , Surat , and Prince of Wales 's Island , and the subordinate custom houses thereof , from the official year 1800–1 , inclusive to the latest period received ; together with their tonnage , and the value of their respective cargoes , so far as the same can be made out . Also , of all British shipping , not chartered in Europe , which have cleared out from those ports for London during the same period . '' I presume , sir , it is hardly necessary to second such a motion as the present . A return of the value of exports and imports of tonnage , shipping , and cargoes , is a mere custom-house document , a thing of course , perpetually moved for in this house , even without notice , and never refused or disputed . I rise now , sir , for another purpose . The facts , stated by the 437 worthy alderman , and the general conclusions , winch he appeared to draw from them , are certainly of great importance a many views ; though chiefly in a commercial sense . But , as .this particular branch of the British interests in India is rather new to the house of commons , and even to myself , notwithstanding all the attention I have given to Indian questions , it is not at all unlikely that many other gentlemen may be as uncertain as I am , whether they perfectly understood him . For that reason , and also to obtain some lights from the worthy chairman of the court of directors , on the same subject , on which no man is better able than himself to give us the clearest information , I. beg leave to restate some of the propositions affirmed by the hon . alderman . If I have at all mistaken his meaning , I am sure he will have the goodness to set me right . In the first place , however , it may be of use , not only now but hereafter , to revive and establish one fundamental truth , which never yet , I believe , was disputed by any man who knew any thing of the matter ; and therefore tit to be kept in view in all future discussions of the commercial interests of India , which in effect are our own . It is , sir , that in any intercourse purely commercial between India and Europe , the relative circumstances of the two parties is such , that the balance of trade merely , must be , from the nature of their respective wants , immensely in favour of the natives of India . The inference from this position is obvious and natural . If England had nothing to consider , in its connection with India , but the duties of a sovereign , or even the profit of a proprietor ; if this house , for example , were king of Bengal , I say that , in that character , it would be your essential interest to open all the ports of that country to all the ships and merchants of Europe indiscriminately . I hold it to be little less than impossible for such trade to exist without a constant balance in specie , more or less , being actually paid by the European merchant , for Indian produce or Indian manufacture . The truth of this proposition is not affected by the amount of supplies now sent out for the use of Europeans , and