ought not to pass under any other title than as a bill to alter the course of the exchequer , and to enable the noble lord to hold two offices totally opposite and incompatible in their nature . combated the arguments of the last speaker , from a compa 151 rison of the different clauses of the act of parliament , and maintained that the auditor of the exchequer was not meant to be a check on the first lord of the treasury , but to see that the several sums granted were applied to the particular services for which they were voted . As to the idea , that the auditor of the exchequer could never be a proper check on the first lord of the treasury , if the first lord of the treasury were also to hold the office of auditor , and to be allowed , as proposed by the present bill , to discharge the duties of it by deputy , he declared that he could see no more ground for that supposition in the case of a deputy , than where , as in the precedents alluded to , the person to act as auditor was appointed by the first lord of the treasury . Whatever evils could be supposed to arise out of the mode now proposed , must , he presumed to think , have been far greater under the former practice . At all events , if there was any thing wrong in the two offices remaining really though not ostensibly in the same person , no man , he hoped , would dispute that it was better , and more honourable , that such arrangement should take place openly and fairly , and with the approbation of parliament . The constitution of the exchequer , too , he begged it to be observed , had undergone a considerable alteration since the time of its first establishment . The auditor at that time derived a principal part , if not the whole , of the emoluments of his office from a per centage on the issues from the exchequer , thereby giving him an interest in the amount of such issues . Now , he was remunerated by a salary . declared that nothing could be farther from his wish than to throw unnecessary impediments in the way of the present bill . Of all the proposed appointments of which he had heard , the one now alluded to , was that which gave him most pleasure ; and if what he had to say on the subject should induce the noble lord to take another office , he should feel very serious concern from the circumstance . He wished that such steps should be taken in the matter as should forward it as far as the hon . mover could expect the business to proceed this night , and that gentlemen should take till to-morrow to consider what would be the most effectual mode of proceeding Afterwards . He agreed entirely with the hon . gent . opposite , that it was far better to proceed openly , under the sanction of ail act of 152 parliament , than in a clandestine manner , and by an artificial transfer of the office . But he submitted , that , in place of a deputy to be named by the auditor himself , the preferable mode of proceeding would be that parliament should , nominatim , appoint a legal trustee to act for the noble lord , who , of course , would be responsible for the faithful discharge of his office . said , that , for his own part , he could see no objection , at this moment , to the arrangement proposed by the hon . and learned gent . He was aware that it was not orderly in him to say that he wished to consult another person out of the house on what passed in that house . He trusted , however , to be excused for expressing a desire to submit the suggestion of the learned gent . to his noble friend before he