day for bringing forward the subject for which the hon . gentlemen were so impatient , and about which the country at large was naturally very anxious . He supposed that on Monday se'nnight he should be able to submit to the house the measures which his majesty 's ministers meant to propose for the Defence of the Country ; but this he did not mean to have now entered on the journals as a formal notice . wished to know whether the . repeal of the Additional Force bill was to be among the measures to be proposed ? — No answer was , however , given to this question . The house 447 having resolved itself into a committee of supply , in proceeding to move the Ordnance Estimates for the year , expressed a hope , that in future years considerable deductions might be made from the amount of the present expence of this department . The estimates of this year for Great Britain were less by 300,000l . than those of the last year ; but a large and necessary establishment for Ireland increased the expence in that country , so as to counteract this reduction in a considerable degree . There was , however , still on the general account a diminution of 180,000l . He moved , '' that a sum of 2,957,181l . 6s . 6d . be granted to his majesty , for defraying the charges of ordnance for land service in Great Britain , for the year 1806 . '' on examining the estimates now moved , found them precisely the same with those prepared by the late board of ordnance . There was merely a difference in a few items , the totals of Which were not made up when the late board was in office , making the whole amount of the estimates about 7000l . more than the late board had made it . He thought it right to state , that these estimates were the estimates of the late board , adopted by the present , and hence he inferred , that the present board had not only found the estimates correct , but the general system of the late board wise and good . The reduction of 300,000l . on the British establishment was made by the late board . The increased preparations in Ireland , which the hon . gent . had acknowledged as just and necessary , were also adopted by the late board . The merits of the prospect of further reduction held forth by the hon . gent . were also due to lord Chatham 's administration , whose attention and ability , with all the regard to economy which the actual and proposed reductions announced , had placed the country in a state of defence in which it never had been before ; and of which the present board , with that good management he was disposed to give them credit for , could not fail to make use of for the public honour and advantage . He was sure the hon . gent. , in omitting to do this justice to lord Chatham 's administration , had been actuated by no wish to suppress the merit of that noble lord and his board , but that he merely felt it unnecessary to go at large into the subject . said , that he certainly has no wish to disguise the merit of the late 448 board of ordnance . He had contented himself with so short a preface to his motion , because he understood that any debate this subject might give rise to was reserved till Monday . The present-board of ordnance had certainly adopted the estimates they had found in preparation in the office . They had of course adopted the system contained in the estimates . This they had done because they found the works in many instances so forward , that unless nearly the whole cost of completing them were thrown away , it was expedient to finish them . There were also several works in contemplation , which were conceived by the late board to