me from it ; on the contrary , I know I subject myself to much obloquy and much inconveniency . But , sir , viewing the evil as I do , and perceiving that if a remedy is not speedily applied , an experiment must be tried , that may level with the dust the public funds of Great Britain , I shall , at all events , do what I feel to be incumbent on me ; and , should the house neglect the warning I have given , and shut their eyes to the approaching danger , gentlemen will lament when too late 222 their fatal credulity . Under every consideration of the subject , I must take the sense of the house on the motions I have this night made . wished that the honourable gentleman would withdraw his motions ; because as it was known that there were no such papers as he called for , they were mere nullities , to say no worse . He seriously deprecated the prominent disposition manifested so frequently by the hon . gent . who spoke last , to asperse and criminate the character of a noble person , not now present to defend himself , —and this before any document to sustain his allegations , or any regular enquiry into the noble person 's conduct was before the house . At least he was sure if the hon . gent . did not condescend to take the advice he now took the liberty to offer him , he had sufficient experience of the candour and liberality of the house to be convinced that such allegations , thus unsupported by any thing but assertion , would have no weight in their opinion . said , that this was a common mode of proving that there were no such papers by having a return to that effect . He supported the motion of the hon . gent . and observed , that it now appeared the noble lord 's flattering statement of the abundantly prosperous state of the affairs of the company in 1803 , was entirely founded upon a prospective supposition of a permanent peace ; whereas , in one month afterwards , his majesty 's message was brought down to the house , announcing the explosion of a new war.—Mr . Paull 's motions were then put and carried . The order of the day having been read for the attendance of the Judges ( who were all present ) , to give their answers to the three questions referred to them , the 1st and 2d of which went to enquire whether , according to law , a witness could demand to answer a question , the answer to which might render him liable to an action for debt , or to a suit for the recovery of the profits of public money ? and the 3d , to ascertain whether a witness who , on making a full and fair disclosure , was to be excused from certain debts , could not be legally objected to , on the ground of his being interested ? delivered 223 the opinion of the Judges , which , with respect to the first two questions , would , he said he feared , leave their lordships in nearly the same state of doubt in which they were before , although his learned brethren and himself had devoted as much attention to their consideration as the time allotted for the purpose would allow . The Judges were , however , upon those two questions , which they considered to be resolved into one , divided in opinion . Those who were of opinion that a witness in such , a case could not demur , might be prepared to give a decisive answer to that effect , but with respect to those who were of a contrary opinion , that opinion was qualified by a great number of exceptions , which it was not their province to descant upon under the general terms of the questions , and which , indeed , it would be scarcely possible for them ,