and respect for the dead , who undoubtedly possessed many estimable qualities , to give my support to the motion now before the house . I might be led to this by another motive . If personal vanity had any weight with me , I might from this consideration concur with the hon . gent . I might by this means gain a great deal of applause , without any loss whatever in a party 62 point of view , and I do not pretend to be insensible to praise any more than others . But there are cases , sir , in which our public duty is so clear and imperious , that no desire of praise , no motive of personal respect , no wish to gratify our friends , nor any other consideration , however powerful , can possibly enable us to dispense with it , and in my conscience , sir , I believe this to be one of those cases . If the marks of respect were such as did not compromise my public duty in the compliance , no person would join in it more cheerfully and more eagerly than I would . If , for instance , it had been proposed to remedy those pecuniary difficulties which Mr. Pitt had incurred in the course of his political life ; if it had been proposed to do those things for his relations in that way , which his own acknowledged disinterestedness did not allow him to do ; if it had been proposed to supply the deficiencies of his own fortune , I would most willingly consent that all this should be done in the most liberal manner . But it is a very different thing to be called upon to confer honours upon Mr. Pitt as an `` excellent statesman . '' We ought not , sir , in such cases , to be complimented out of our consent , if our public duty commands us to oppose the grant of such honours . Public honours are matters of the highest importance , because they must more or less influence posterity . They ought not , therefore , to be conferred lightly , but only where merit is clearly seen and acknowledged . I could farther add , sir , that the manner in which the hon . gent . opened this business , would lead me to give his motion my support ; but when public honours are solicited , it becomes me to consult neither my interest nor my feelings , but to adhere rigidly and conscientiously to my public duty . I need not add any thing to what has been said respecting honours conferred upon military men and statesmen , by my right hon . friend on the bench near me ( Mr. Windham ) , who has so ably and clearly pointed out the distinction between the two cases . As little need I add to what has been said by my hon . friend on my right hand ( Mr. Ponsonby ) , respecting many eminent public men , on whom no honours of this kind were conferred , and for whom none were solicited , though their talents , virtues , and good intentions were unquestionable . It is not to particular acts only that we are to look ; we must consider the general effect which these acts produce , with a view to the public benefit . Certainly , when I look at lord Chat- 63 ham 's monument ; when I find the inscription bearing upon the face of it the grounds upon which this monument was voted ; when I find it there stated , that he had reduced the power of France to a very low ebb , and raised the prosperity of his country to a very high pitch ; I must say , that this case can never be compared with that of lord Chatham . I must say , that the country at present is reduced to the most dangerous and alarming situation—a situation which might call for any thing rather than honours to be conferred upon him