run up the bounty to an amount which , besides being a tax , and a tax still more heavy , makes it impossible in future to supply the army by any other means.— 661 We have , in fact , had experience of these measures ; and the effect of the trial , though necessary perhaps at the time , and certainly productive of much immediate advantage , does not encourage a repetition of the attempt . If a conscription is proposed , numbers are instantly ready to declare in its favour ; but , if you only change the name , and ask whether we shall renew the act for the army of reserve , however productive that measure was , raising certainly a greater number of men than has been raised before or since the same time , the feeling is instantly reversed , and we declare decidedly against any measure of the sort.—I will not pretend to say , that no such measure can at any time be resorted to . It is impossible to say , to what the exigencies of the times and the necessity of the state may drive us . But of this I am sure , that without a more urgent necessity than exists at this moment , meatures so oppressive in their immediate effects , and so injurious in their lasting consequences , should not be resorted to , till is was seen that milder and more legitimate methods were incapable of succeeding.—These methods are many of them so obvious and simple , that it seems to be matter of no small surprise , if in all this time we should never have thought of having recourse to them . If our army is to be composed of men who enter voluntarily , in what possible way can we hope to fill it but by bringing the service to a state in which it may be an object of their choice ? Our attempt , on the contrary , seems for many years to have been to induce men to engage in a service which is not the object of their choice . Can it be surprising that we should have failed ? We complain that the part of our population willing to engage in military service , upon the terms on which it is now offered , is not sufficiently numerous to furnish the supply required . The answer is , if you can not change the state of your population , change the state of your service ; improve it till it becomes an object to greater numbers than are at present inclined to engage in it . Without this , our means of recruiting must , for a part of it , be mere deception and artifice . We are in the state of men selling wares inferior in value to the price we ask for them ; and , accordingly , are perpetually saying , that none but the ignorant and the thoughtless will ever be tempted to become buyers . To such a pass has this got , that of late years one of our chief resources has 662 been by recruiting boys . Men grown up , with all the grossness , and ignorance , and consequent want of consideration incident to the lower classes , are too wary to accept our offers : we must add to the thoughtlessness arising from situation , the weakness and improvidence of youth . Why this , unless the trade of a soldier is incapable of such improvement as may bring it into competition with a sufficient portion of the trades and callings in lower life ? —Nothing can shew more the false state into which our system of recruiting is fallen , than the practice , now so long familiar to us as to be received as a matter of course , of engaging men to serve by bounties . We forget that this was not always so ; that within the memory of many of us , so late as within at few years of the breaking out of the American war , the idea