time.—Lord Auckland , after observing that there was an obvious necessity for passing this bill as speedily as possible , moved to suspend the standing orders 104 and 155 , with the view of going through the different stages of the bill this evening . This motion being agreed to , the bill passed through a committee , was reported , read a third time , and passed , and a message ordered to be sent to the commons , to acquaint them therewith . counted the house at four o'clock , and there being only 38 members present , he declared the house adjourned till to-morrow . The house met at 11 o'clock in the morning , when the royal assent was given by commission to the auditor of the exchequer 's bill.—Their lordships then adjourned till five in the afternoon , at which hour they again met.—Lord Eldon observed , that several appeals stood over from the last session for judgment , to the consideration of which he had 156 his leisure would allow . He had intended , at the commencement of the session , to propose to their lordships to fix days for giving judgment on the appeals to which he had alluded , and his purpose in rising now was to give notice , that he should , about the middle of next week , move to appoint a time for pronouncing judgment in those appeals.—Mr . Alexander brought up the malt duty bill , and the pension , & c. duty bill , which were severally read a first time . This day , about 11 o'clock , the speaker took the chair . Immediately after prayers , Mr. Quarme appeared at the bar , and in virtue of his majesty 's commission addressed to certain members of the upper house , required the attendance of the house of commons in the house of lords to hear the commission read , and the royal assent given to the bill therein mentioned . The speaker accordingly , attended by the officers of the house , went to the . house of lords , and on his return informed the commons that he had been present , and heard his majesty 's assent given by commission to the bill for empowering the auditor of exchequer to appoint a trustee to act for him in the event therein mentioned.—The house then adjourned till 3 o'clock , when they proceeded to ballet for a committee to try the merits of the petition complaining of an undue return for the county of Middlesex.—On the motion of Mr. Sheridan , the speaker issued his warrant to the clerk of the crown , for new writs for the city of Westminster , in the room of the right hon . Charles James Fox , who , since his election , had accepted of the office of one of his majesty 's principal secretaries of state ; for Buckinghamshire , in the room of earl Temple , who , since his election , had accepted of the office of joint paymaster of the forces ; for Morpeth , in the room of lord viscount Morpeth , who , since his election , bad accepted of the office of one of the commissioners for managing the affairs of India , with a salary ; for Portsmouth , in the room of admiral Markham , who , since his election , had accepted of the situation of one of the commissioners for executing the office of lord high admiral of England ; and for Tavistock , in Devonshire , in the room of the right hon . general Richard Fitzpatrick , who , since his election , had accepted of 157 the office of secretary at war.—On the motion of Mr. Tyrwhitt , the speaker issued his warrant to the clerk of the crown for a new writ for Portsmouth , in the room of the right hon . Thomas Erskine , who , since his election , had accepted of the office of lord high chancellor of England.—On the motion of Mr. C. W. W . Wynne. , a new writ was ordered