property , I forgot I had two exchequer bills of 100l . each , which had lain a long time at my banker 's . Nobody ever asked me for the tax on the interest of these bills . The consequence is that I am undesignedly a defaulter to government to the amount of so many Shillings . The instance is inconsiderable , but it proves the proposition . If a hundred pound can escape in this manner , why not a million ? The remedy is obvious and easy . These bills are paid off at stated periods . When they are so paid , where 604 would be the difficulty of deducting the amount of the tax from the interest then due ? I see none . I shall now proceed , sir , to a more general consideration of the state of the country , with regard to its surviving powers and resources , in comparison with the demands , which those means are to provide for . A few days ago my noble friend was censured , very unjustly as I thought , for holding out a gloomy view or a desponding language on this subject . I do not recollect that he said any thing , that was fairly liable to that sort of observation ; but , whether he did so or not , or even admitting that he did not suggest or encourage those sanguine hopes , which are entertained or professed by others , I say that , without suffering our minds to be governed by exaggerated hopes or fears , we ought to know the truth of our situation . Without that knowledge , you may confide or you may despond ; but you can neither meet your difficulties firmly , nor safely or honestly disregard them . Look at the state of the country , I say , with all its collective burthens , direct and indirect . A careless conclusion , from the apparent wealth of the capital to the rest of the community , is of all things to be most avoided , because it leads into the worst and most dangerous error ; that I mean , which begins with enormous injustice , and may end in irretrievable ruin . In this great city , I doubt not , there are ways and means , by which a multitude of individuals and some great corporations , while they pay with one hand , may indemnify themselves with the other , and so make their income whole again . But this can not be the case in the country , nor even generally in the cities . On this view , sir , and not without the most attentive application of my thoughts to the subject , I have taken my resolution , not to examine the taxes proposed to answer the interest of the new loan , but to oppose them all . The principle I act on exempts me from enquiring into their specific merits . Admitting every one of them to be unexceptionable as a tax , I object to them in the mass . I say there ought to be no new taxes , on account of the loan for the present year . These are stated at 1,136,000l . and , as it appears to me , are to be added to the present intolerable taxation of the kingdom without an absolute and irresistible necessity , which alone could justify such a measure . In my opinion we are not driven to that extremity . If we are , prove the necessity , and 605 there is an end of all argument . But I say you have a better resource , and that you ought to resort to it . A sinking fund has been created for the gradual extinction of the debt . There is no great skill in the contrivance , or genius in the discovery . From the time of Sir Robert Walpole to this day , it has been the favourite child of every chancellor of the exchequer . Such at least have been their professions . The