for his election expences , to be totally illegal , `` because it pledged a man to pay those expences which it was contrary to law to incur . '' There were other cases on the books which served to shew that no doubts prevailed in the courts below , upon the interpretation of the treating act . The point was , indeed , conclusively determined , by the decision in the court of Common pleas , in the case of Ribbons v. Crickett . Upon the whole then , it was obvious to his judgement , that as no doubt existed as to the construction of the treating act , no declaratory law was necessary ; and that a new law , such as that before the house , would be highly improper , it required very little consideration to prove . It was impossible to say what mischiefs would result from the adoption of such a bill , A vast number of freeholders would be disfranchised , not for any improper act , but merely in consequence of their inability to defray the expence of their conveyance to the hustings , The right hon . mover was reported to have said , that the removal of a voter from the place where his right of voting lay was a matter of option ; but that was not the case . For the tradesman and the manufacturer must go where his industry would meet employment : he must shift his residence to follow the market . In many , if not most , instances , the change of residence on the part of voters was not a matter of choice but of necessity , oftentimes painful necessity , and yet this bill would aggravate such pain . In counties the right hon . mover proposed the taking of the poll at different places , in order to obviate one of the most glaring objections to his bill , but such a multiplication of polling places would be productive of confusion and increased expence even to the candidates . Furthermore , he would object to such a proposition , because he liked the publicity in which a freeholder now gave his vote ; in the face of the county and of the candidate.—It had also been said that such a measure would only be acting up to the spirit of the act appointing the right of election to be confined to those possessed of a 40s . freehold , since 40s . at that period might be reckoned equal to 30l . at present ; and thus you preserved more completely the independence of electors . But with regard to the independence of 40s . freeholders , his opinion was , that from the general diffusion of industry and its productive capacity , freeholders of that class posses- 509 sed as much independence of mind as an other description of persons . To deprive a great body of such men , as this bill would tend to do , of the exercise , of their elective franchise , would serve to produce a disposition to listlessness and languor among the people , than which nothing was more to be dreaded ; for nothing would be better calculated to facilitate the subjugation of the country and to lead to despotism . The French scarcely valued such a thing as the elective franchise ; but any man who had , ever seen an election in this country must be sensible how different was the feeling which prevailed among Englishmen , how eagerly they crowded to the hustings , and , how little they were in a state to be reconciled to the relinquishment of a right they so highly prized . He was glad to think on the estimation in which the people held this important privilege , and was always happy to perceive the enthusiam which prevailed at popular elections . Since such scenes had been freed from the tumult and intoxication which formerly disgraced them the enthusiam displayed must be observed with pleasure by every man who loved popular liberty ; who felt as an Englishman . The hon .