. Le Fleming , Sir M. Willoughby , H. Leigh , R. H. was introduced between lord Vernon and lord Carysfort . His patent of creation having been read at the table , his lordship took the oaths and his seat.—Lord Eldon delivered his opinion at some length respecting the appeal from Scotland , Ogilvy v. the Carran Company , after which he moved to postpone the further consideration of it till Friday . Ordered.—Mr . Alexander , and several other members of the commons , brought up the Qualification Indemnity bill and three private bills , which were severally read a first time . moved the order of the day upon this bill for the purpose of postponing it . Understanding , he said , front what passed in the house in consequence of the opinions delivered by the Judges , that there was an intention of framing a declaratory act as to what the law really was respecting the liability of a witness to answer questions of the nature stated in the questions referred to the Judges , he did not wish to press this bill at the present moment . He must confess , however , that he had not any very sanguine expectation of 343 an effectual law being framed upon this subject , and therefore he did not like to let go his bill altogether as , in case the noble and learned lords could not agree in framing a declaratory law sufficient for the purpose , he should then consider it necessary to press on their lordships ' consideration the indemnity bill , which it would in that case be expedient to pass . He moved to discharge the order for summoning their lordships and to renew it for Friday . assured the noble lord that his noble and learned friend on the woolsack had lost no time in preparing a declaratory bill , which the difference of opinion amongst the Judges had rendered necessary . His noble and learned friend had submitted the bill to his consideration ; and he , thinking there were several objections to it , framed another , which , however , on consideration , he thought was more objectionable than that drawn by his noble and learned friend . The subject was involved in considerable difficulties , and he had great doubts whether a bill could be so framed as to provide against the exceptions Which necessarily occurred to the general rule . thought there would be little difficulty in framing a general declaratory law upon the subject . It was obvious that some measure was necessary , in consequence of the opinions delivered by the Judges . Had the questions arose out of a proceeding by writ of error to that house , their lordships would have had to decide judicially upon the law , and would most probably have decided according to the opinion of the majority of the Judges ; in that case , the law upon the subject would have been settled for ever . The mode , however , in which these questions had been put to the Judges , and the answer they had given , rendered it absolutely necessary to resort to a declaratory law upon the subject , which was the only method of proceeding they could now adopt . He held in his hand a bill which he had framed , and which he thought would answer the purpose , declaring that it was , and ever had been the law , that a witness was bound to answer any question , although such answer might acknowledge , or tend to acknowledge a debt , or render him liable to a civil suit , He was aware , however , of the necessity of having a proviso , with respect to the exceptions to this general rule and he hoped his noble and learned friend ( lord Eldon ) would take the subject into 344 his consideration.—Some further conversation ensued between lords Holland , Eldon , Auckland , and the lord Chancellor . Lord Holland reminded the house that a bill upon this subject was already before their lordships