last.—Mr . Vansittart brought up the Tea Duty bill , and the Tobacco Duty bill , which were read a first time.—On the motion of Mr. Vansittart there was ordered to be laid before the house , an account of the number of persons assessed to the Income Duty in 1801 , and Property Tax in 1803 . Also of the Gross Assessment , under the Property Tax in the year 1803 , distinguishing each County , & c. so far as the same can be 638 made up.—Mr . Huskisson moved for certain papers , not , he said , to provoke a renewal of the discussion which had already taken place , but with a view to get quit of it . He accordingly moved for a comparative account of demands outstanding in 1805 , and 1806 , exclusive of those for Naval Services ; for an account shewing how the 1½ million remaining unemployed on 5th January , 1806 , had been employed ; and , for an account of the Disposition of 3½ Millions granted last year for subsidies ; and whether any , and what proportion of them had been applied for Navy Services in the year 1806.—The house then went into a committee on the Ordnance Treasurer 's bill , when , after a conversation between lord H. Petty and Mr. Calcraft on . the one side , and Mr. Huskisson and Mr. S. Bourne on the other , principally on the point whether the idea of reform in this department had occurred to the late board previous to , or in consequence of , the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Enquiry , the bill was gone through , and the Report was ordered to be received tomorrow , brought in the Property Tax bill , which was read a first time ; and on the motion for its second reading , said , that as he had not had an opportunity of speaking on this subject before , be would now remark on the extreme injustice and hardship which the bill would inflict , as well on the lower classes of the people , as oft the landed property of the kingdom in general . If the exemptions for repairs , for instance , were taken away , the tax would fall unequally , at least , in the proportion of 12l . or 13l . per cent . on the landed interest . This doing away of that exemption , he had always opposed . He did so on bringing in the bill of last year , and if those whose business it more peculiarly was , should not attend to it , he should feel it his duty to propose exemptions for that purpose in the committee . replied , that the exemption alluded to was not included in the present bill , and that the committee was the proper stage for the discussion of that subject . He said , he meant to propose , that the bill should be read a 2d time to-morrow , for the purpose of having it committed on Thursday , after which it would be printed , and a day appointed for the report , after the holidays , when it would be competent to any gent. , who thought proper , to move for its being recommitted . He assured the 639 house , at the same time , that his noble friend , the chancellor of the exchequer , bad every disposition to listen to every reasonable suggestion that might be made ; but he must also remark , that exemptions of that kind might he just and right , in particular cases , which would be highly injurious if generally adopted . said , he was aware that this was not the proper stage for going into any discussion : but promised to deliver his sentiments upon it , when the bill should he in a committee . cautioned the house , while they limited , the operation of the act to 10 per cent . against sanctioning a principle by which more than that amount might fall on