. The experience of former times should have taught us better . It ought to be recollected , that in the course of 15 years , about 45 millions sterling had been sent out of the country for the purchase of corn and grain , & c. when even there existed more facilities of procuring it , than we were likely soon to possess . The ports of the Baltic would be , or were already , shut against us ; and whither were we then to look for any immediate supply ? With the intention of bringing this subject more fully and fairly before their lordships , he should now move , that there be laid before the house an account of the quantity of corn , grain , rice , & c. imported into G. Britain since the 1st of Jan. 1806 ; also an account of the exports of the same during the same period . could not remain silent , after hearing and weighing the tendency of the assertions made by the noble earl . He did riot rise to oppose the motion , but to observe somewhat upon the tone and arguments with which it was introduced . He did not pretend to be in possession of the minute and accurate information upon this subject , which he knew might be brought forward by his noble friend ( lord Auckland ) , but still he thought himself bound in duty to counteract , as far as lay in his power , the ill effects which might arise from the alarming language and insinuations held and thrown out by the noble earl upon such a delicate and important matter . As far , therefore , as he had any knowledge of the present state of the country , and of the very promising aspect of a plenteous harvest , he would readily take upon himself to assert , that there was no room whatsoever to entertain the most distant apprehension of the danger the noble earl seemed to forebode with so much emphasis and earnestness . He was sorry such an idea should go abroad upon such grave authority : and he was conscious it was his duty , as far as in him lay , to set the little authority he might have upon that point , in opposition to that of the noble earl . could not well express his thanks to the noble earl who spoke last for the favour he had done him , by taking off 954 his shoulders the weight he felt imposed upon them by the observations of the noble lord who made the motion . It was true , that the noble lord had shown him the motions he had made , but as many other matters were then pressing upon his mind , and as he had no idea of the language and manner with which the noble lord baa prefaced them , he had signified no intention of objecting to the motion which the noble lord was to make . But when he heard the noble lord thus causelessly sound an alarm of scarcity , and set forth that alarm on such groundless reasons , he felt himself called upon to say more than perhaps he should be justified in saying under other circumstances . Not only therefore was he warranted in concurring with his noble friend , in asserting that every thing in the aspect of the harvest was of a nature to preclude all apprehensions like those which the noble earl 's speech was calculated to send abroad , but he had moreover the satisfaction to state , that not only the ports of the Baltic were not shut against us , but that there was even no apprehension that they would be shut . There was consequently no ground whatever for the alarm upon that subject , which the language of the noble earl was of a nature to propagate.—The question was then put upon lord Stanhope 's motion , and agreed to . The house met at ten o'clock , pursuant to order , for the purpose of proceeding to Westminster-hall to