contended for it did not know enough of the subject . The court had other means of redress within their power ; they might recall a governor , and impeachment was the last resort . He , therefore , deprecated these imputations against the company , or their executive body . He trusted that if their conduct were fairly examined , they would be found , to have done their duty . With respect to the measures now in progress , he thought it would be proper in him , as occasions arose , to state his , opinion . He certainly judged enquiry to be necessary , but did not , under all the circumstances he had before state , deem it adviseable to proceed to impeachment . Pole rose for the purpose of expressing the joy he felt that the charge had been at length brought forward ; he rejoiced that they had got the hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) in a tangible shape , after 10 months of shifting and turning . He had been accustomed always to look up to his noble relation as man , the whole of whose life was devoted to honour , and the greatest part of it spent in the service of 870 his country . It was , therefore , with surprise , and with acute sufferings , that he witnessed the hon . mover ( Mr. Paull ) , on the second day that he set his foot in that house , declare , his , intention of coming for ward as the accuser of the marquis Wellesley . As , his connection with that noble lord had been the pride and happiness of his life for the last 40 years , that declaration gave him considerable pain in the first instance ; he , however , now , after nearly 12 months had been spent in moving for papers , and , speaking of the noble lord as a criminal , was glad to find that the charge was brought , and that they had got the hon . mover in a tangible shape . As the right hon . gent . ( Mr. , Fox ) had said , a very heavy responsibility rested on the person who brought such charges . If there should turn out to be any thing in the conduct of his noble relation which would justify the charges , he was sure that right hon . gent . would be the last to screen him ; but should the charge turn out , as , he trusted it would do , to , be altogether without foundation , then that right hon . gent . would be the first to reprobate it . He had himself been long in the habit of admiring the ingenuity of the court of directors , in their candour to the noble marquis One hon . director , who confessed that it was his opinion that marquis Wellesley had Wasted the public motley and violated the law , still said he did not wish to impeach him . And why ? because if he were impeached and acquitted , his character would be freed from the imputation . The hon . directors , however , in their mercy , seemed to think that it was the better way to stigmatise his character , without giving him the chance of acquittal or explanation . What would be said if , instead of marquis Wellesley , it should be , said of the .meanest subject of this country , that the only reason for not bilging him to his trial was the fear that he should be acquitted by his peers ? Although that letter was not granted the preceding day , he hoped the time would come when it would be laid before the house . In the mean time , he would observe , that , the manner it had got into circulation was somewhat remarkable . He was given to understand that four clerks had been employed in copying out this paper at Mr. Budd 's , in Pall-Mall . The hon .