the great seal , a Board of Agriculture , for promoting the internal improvement of the country , the petitioners have the satisfaction to acquaint the house , that the important purposes intended by that institution are carrying on , and are likely to be attended with beneficial effects to the public ; and therefore praying , that they may be supported by a grant for the present year to such an amount as to the house shall seem meet . '' Ordered to lie on the table.—A petition of the committee of the company of merchants trading to Africa , was presented to the house ; setting forth , `` that in consideration of the various increased expenses of the establishments in Africa , and the cost of the articles required for the payment of the same , parliament was pleased to grant the sum of 18,000l . for the support of the said establishments last year , which sum has been invested for that purpose ; and therefore praying the house to grant the petitioners the like sum , for the support of the said establishments '' Ordered to lie upon the table.—Lord Temple rose , to observe , that an omission , that might be attended with much inconvenience ; had taken place in the Corn Regulation act of last session . No clause , allowing the export of corn to our garrisons abroad , had been introduced into it . To remedy this omission , he gave notice of his intention to move for leave to bring in a distinct bill , permitting such exportation , on Monday next.—Lord Temple also moved , that the house should then resolve itself into a committee , to consider the exportation of wool and woollen articles from the British colonies to the united kingdoms.—Sir P. Stevens brought up the marine mutiny , bill , which was ordered to a committee on Tuesday next.—Mr . Alexander brought up the report on lord St. Vincent 's annuity bill , The resolution , that the annuity 241 should be extended to the two next heirs of the peerage , was read , and a bill ordered to be brought in accordingly.—Mr . Johnstone stated , that several important papers relative to the affairs of India had been laid before the general court of proprietors by the court of directors , which it was material to have before the house ; and therefore gave notice , that he should on Monday next move , that these papers be laid on the table.—On the motion of Mr.Vansittart , the former orders of the house for the production of certain accounts relative to the augmentation or diminution of salaries , & c. in the public offices in Great Britain and Ireland , were discharged . He then moved , that there be laid before the house , an account of the increase or diminution that may have taken place in the number and amount of the salaries , emoluments , and expences of the different public offices in Great Britain , to the 5th Jan. 1806 , specifying the dates of such increase or diminution , and the authorities for the same . Ordered . A similar order was then made for Ireland . to make the motion of which he had given notice yesterday . The object he had in view was to ascertain the proportion our commerce with India bore to that with China , and the relative amount of the capital borrowed in India , for the prosecution of each trade . He had another object in view , which was to ascertain whether the amount of stores was or was not included in the account of territorial revenue applied to commercial purposes . He conceived it very material to have these objects elucidated , and he thought they would be explained by these papers . He moved , therefore , `` that there be laid before the house an account showing the annual amount of stores and merchandise respectively exported by and for the service of the East-India company to India , from the year ending the 1st of March 1793