. gent . opposite seemed to assume that the whole of the men had been raised by the provisions of the bill . He , on the contrary , was persuaded that not a man had been obtained but by means extraneous to the bill , every one of whom would have been produced if no such bill had been in existence : 16 guineas bounty were given for the regular army ; 12 were given for this force , and 10 afterwards on entering the line , so that by this means the individual obtained a bounty of 22 guineas . —The bill was then read a first time ; and on the question that it be read a second time , gave notice , that on the day on which this bill should be fixed for a 2d reading , he should move to defer that stage of the bill , till such time as the house should have an opportunity of judging of the measures to be brought forward by the right hon . gent . This bill was for the repeal of a measure , that afforded a resource to a certain extent to provide even for the army . He did not mean to discuss the merits of that measure , but was sure the house would do right not to get rid of it until they should know what was to be substituted for it . The course he should take would be not to get rid of the present bill , but to suspend its progress till they should be able to judge of the value of the measures to be brought forward . The right hon . gent . appeared to have proceeded in an inverted order , by proposing to repeal a measure that afforded a resource to a certain extent , before he was prepared to bring forward a substitute . He should not propose to defer the second reading of the bill beyond the present session , but for such a period as would allow the house an opportunity of judging , whether they were to look to any thing as a substitute for the measure to be repealed but visions , projects , and fancies . and several other members of the commons , brought up a message , containing a list of witnesses to be produced in the trial of lord Melville , and requesting that their lordships would take measures to summon such witnesses to attend on the 29th inst. , and to bring with them such books , papers , and documents , as were marked against their respective names.—On the motion of lord Walsingham , a message was ordered to be sent to the commons , containing a compliance with the above request.—Lord Walsingham also moved , that Mr. Wyatt should attend the house on Monday , to state what progress had been made in the preparations for the trial of lord Melville , and when the fitting up of the court was likely to be finished . Ordered.—It was likewise ordered , that the lord chancellor should send letters to the peers of the blood royal , informing them of the day fixed for the trial of lord Melville , and requesting their attendance . New writs were ordered to be issued for the county of Wicklow , in the room of the right hon . George Ponsonby , who , since his election , had accepted of the office of lord high chancellor of Ireland ; and for the county of Galway , in the room of D. B. Daley , esq . who since his election , had accepted the office of joint muster-master-general of the forces in Ireland.—Mr . Giles moved , that a message be sent to the lords , with a list of 795 the names of the witnesses to be adduced for substantiating the charges against lord Melville , and requesting of the lords to issue their summons to such witnesses for their attendance on the said trial , on Tuesday , the 29th instant . Orered.—A message was afterwards received from the lords , stating that