the house . Upon which a division was called for ; the gallery was ordered to be cleared , but after some conversation both motions were withdrawn . said , that from all the enquiries he had been able to make , and all the information he had collected on this subject , it appeared to him that this tax would be of great detriment to the general interests of the country . He contended that it would bear harder on the farming interest alone , than the duty on horses employed in agriculture , which had been proposed and abandoned during the last session . Besides which , its operation would extend to almost every species of manufacture carried on in this country . said , that he was aware of a variety of objections to which the bill was liable ; though he was decidedly of opinion that the inconveniences attending the tax had been considerably over-rated . He should wish , however , that full time should be allowed for the mature consideration of the tax in all its bearings and consequences ; and on this account he would propose , that the bill be now read a 2d time , and that the house should enter more fully into its merits in the committee , on Friday next . with a view to disencumber the debate on Friday , would ask now , whether any thing was proposed to be done to obviate the difficulty of giving a sufficient drawback to the manufacturers engaged in the export trade ? A number of gentlemen in town , whose opinions deserved the attention of the house , thought the proposed drawback insufficient , as it seemed the utmost to be allowed , did not ex- 949 ceed 4l . per ton . The deductions on account of the ordnance and naval stores . would be considerable . The hon . baronet then proceeded to point out some omissions in the returns of the consumption of iron in the navy , made to the house from the navy board ; and expressed a hope , that the noble lord would use his influence to procure every information for the house , connected with the subject . stated the amount of deduction for iron used in the ordnance , and for the navy departments , to be altogether 51,460l . ; the drawback on foreign iron 13,770l . ; that on British iron 123,000l . ; making a total , with 5000l . the estimated expence of the collection , of 193,000l . to be deducted from the produce of the tax . The average of the drawback was 4l . a ton . considered this tax as so inconsistent with the fundamental principles of taxation in its tendency and effects , that he trusted the noble lord would see reason to withdraw it . On this account he would leave it to the calm consideration of his own mind . said , that he would have objected to the tax upon the first proposition of it , if it were not for his reluctance to oppose a plan of taxation founded generally upon the views and system of his late right hon . friend , the predecessor of the noble lord . expressed his disapprobation of the tax , but reserved the avowal of the particular grounds of his opposition until the bill was committed . observed , that , in the committee , many modifications of the bill could take place . An hon . baronet had mistaken the extent of the proposed drawback ; 4l . per ton had been calculated upon as the average , and not as the highest allowance . felt reluctance in opposing any of the measures for procuring supplies in the present situation of the country . But the objections to the present tax were so numerous , and had been so strongly urged in various representations which he had received on the subject , that he would recommend it to the noble lord , to turn over in his own mind the possibility of substituting some other less objectionable tax in