where the principal and interest of the said loans are payable . '' expressed a wish that his noble friend would withdraw his motion , assuring him that it was the intention of ministers to lay before the house the fullest possible information with respect to the affairs of India . In conformity with this intention the noble lord stated , that he would , in a very few days , submit a motion for a return of all the debts of the India company , the loans contracted by the several presidencies , and the terms upon which they were made , distinguishing such loans as bore interest , from those which did not , with the terms of interest , when and where payable , & c. up to the latest period . Such an account he believed , would answer better than that moved for , the object his noble friend professed to have in view . There was an additional reason for acceding to a short delay , and it was this , that it would enable those concerned in the immediate superintendance of Indian affairs to collect more accurate information which they would be most probably enabled to do by farther arrivals . assented to the request of his noble friend . not to take any part in the discussion of this subject , but merely to say , that there was one question connected with the finances of India , to which , notwithstanding his general resolution , as the house had heard , he felt himself bound , and that was the loan made by the government of Bombay to Gwicowar . Upon this loan , however , he should reserve his sentiments , until all the promised documents should be laid before the house , and until the India budget should be brought forward for discussion . was glad that the attention of the house had been called to the important interests of India , and thought many good effects would be likely to arise from this circumstance . He hoped that the documents promised by the noble member of the board of controul , would be speedily brought forward , and prove fully satisfactory . referring to the notice which had been postponed by Mr. Paull , took occasion to state , that the hon . member was now called upon in candour and fairness to lord Wellesley , to state the nature of the charge , which it was his intention to bring forward on Friday , pursuant to his notice.—Mr . Paull said he should decline giving the noble lord any answer on the subject . Lord Ossulston 's motion was then , with the leave of the house , withdrawn . rose and spoke as follows ; —Though irregular to allude to what passed on any former occasion in this house , still , sir , the occurrences of last night , will render it necessary for me to obtrude on the present occasion , at infinitely greater length than I had any intention of doing . The ; house must have observed , that I have had two distinct objects in introducing the affairs of India to its notice . One , sir , an earnest anxiety to bring the whole system of our Indian empire once more under the consideration of parliament , . system which threatens the national prosperity ; and the other to prosecute to conviction , if possible , the person to whom I impute all the dangers that now threaten our existence abroad and in this country.—For the first , I could have incurred no obloquy , might have earned some applause from the display of my knowledge , and have made few enemies ; but , in the second I was fully aware of the dangers . I had a beacon in the example afforded me in the managers of Mr. Hastings 's impeachment calling out to me to beware ! I knew I should have to contend , a new , unconnected individual , with obstacles of the most formidable nature . I knew , sir , I should .