strong doubts of the propriety of granting it . Had the hon . director stated an intention to move for other papers , in order to bring the matter fully and impartially before the house , he for his part could see no reasonable ground of objection to its production ; but as the case stood then , he did not think it right to grant any paper that would have the effect of leaving an imperfect impression on the minds of those who should consult it . Such it appeared was the opinion of the directors , and he could not help thinking , that that house and the country was fully willing to give to the judgment of that hon . board all the confidence to which it was entitled . But independently of their opinion , the , hon . mover himself had not stated any 444 ground of necessity for the production o this paper , or that he meant to take any proceeding upon it . He had indeed stated the contrary . There was another point connected with this motion which the hon mover had perhaps in contemplation when he brought it forward : he meant the carrying trade of America . That this subject was now under consideration elsewhere , was tolerably notorious . It was not , he believed , unknown to any one who heard him , that a representation respecting it had been made to his majesty 's govt . on the part of the United States . This representation was under discussion , and every necessary information would be sought for ; but not , however , from any papers to be laid on the table of this house ; not from any document of the nature of that moved for by the hon . gent . ; but by application to all those who were most intimately acquainted with the subject at issue . Ministers would look for knowledge to aid their judgment through the proper channels . Among others , the directors of the India company would of course be resorted to but upon a question of such delicacy arid importance , no imperfect document would be trusted to , such as this motion proposed to influence the judgment of that house . stated his only object to be to bring an important fact before the house , out of which a very serious question would naturally arise , namely , whether the subjects of this country had such a share of the profits of the commerce of India , as was sufficient to atone to them for the incumbrance to which they submitted for the maintenance of that territory ; and whether , if the same system was pursued , the territory would be worth holding ? The hon . chairman had stated his opinion to be , that this country could never successfully contend with foreigners in the carrying trade ; if so , it followed , that neutrals , with such free access to India as they now possessed , must inevitably carry off all that trade , except the slender portion which the imperial commerce of the company enabled them to support : He happily entertained a more cheering confidence : experience had taught him , that raw materials , produce of various kinds , and coarser commodities than the assortments in which the company traded , —though more bulky and therefore more beneficial to the support of our carrying trade , —that those very articles in which foreigners now dealt almost exclusively , might be brought home by 445 British traders in their own smaller-sized and cheaper-equipped vessels , with considerable profit to the trader , and to the great advantage of the revenues of this country . A sufficient supply of the raw instead of the manufactured material , would accelerate the period which he saw approaching , when the natives of India shall be supplied with cloth made here of their own cotton , leaving to the mother country all the profits of freight , agency , commission , insurance , and manufacture All these and many other beneficial results