for a limited term ) in time of war , might be fatal to the empire . Now , how was that ? The farmer 's son , or his servant , goes to my right hon . friend , perhaps in a fit a frenzy , or disappointment , and offers to enlist for his life . He is met on the way and told , his services are only desired for 7 years ; will he refuse to enlist ? and shall this be called a military and a dangerous revolution , a plan which tends only , but much more than any other which has yet been devised , to add strength to your ranks , to cement a nearer friendship and connection between the soldier and his officer , and to make the situation of the former , a state of comparative happiness and comfort . The noble lord concluded by saying , that there were some parts of the bill which he did not admire , particularly the crooked 6d . at the end of the week . wished , as the subject was almost new to the house , and to the 789 country , to see the opinion 's of persons conversant with military affairs laid before the house . He had thought much on the subject , and yet he was convinced he should derive much information from their communications . The practice of enlisting for a term of years had indeed been partially introduced into the army , but it had produced so little effect , as not to give much encouragement for its general application . Besides , though the practice was not new , yet there was a great difference between that partial enlisting for time that had already been tried , and a general enlisting for the whole army on the same principle . was sorry to differ on this occasion from those gentlemen with whom he usually acted ; but he could not consider the opinions that had been moved for , as proper for the public inspection . They had not been written for the purpose , or with the design of being communicated to the public . They were of a private and confidential nature ; and besides that the publication of them might wound the feelings of individuals , the public service might suffer detriment from such a measure . Much might transpire , that might be calculated to do public mischief . But though he deprecated their being laid before the house in their present form , they might yet perhaps be revised by those who had originally given them in , and in that state , with their consent , submitted to parliament . said , he had no objection , with the permission of the house , to withdraw his motion , provided his majesty 's ministers would give the house to understand , that they would take the opinion of high military authorities , for the purpose of laying them before the house . stated , that this was quite another question from the one that had been before under discussion , and required time to consider how far it might be proper to assent to it . There was not a single instance that he was aware of , in which parliament had resorted to military authorities , except with a view to retrospective measures . If they were once to sanction the principle of calling for communications from officers to their commander in chief , it would cause a greater revolution in the army than the measure proposed by his right hon . friend . Much had been said of altering the condition of the soldier ; but this would alter , in a very extraordinary way , the character of officers 790 if their opinions confidentially communicated to their commander in chief , were afterwards found to be called for by the house . He did not know Whether it was contrary to the practice of that house to resort to military authorities for information , but he wished to know what had been the usage in