absurd ; a system calculated to shake the whole of our military establishment , to produce dissatisfaction in the army , and to make it daub of the propriety of its existence . A system— ( Here there was a cry of order from lord Temple ) Mr. Canning wished the noble lore to state his reasons for calling him to order . —The rt . hon . gent . has 1018 called on me to state why I called him to order . I did so because I conceived the language he employed not fit to be attributed to a proposition brought forward by any member of this house , much less to a member of his majesty 's government . —I trust , Mr. Speaker , we are not come to those times when a strong government , which shall he unable to answer an argument , shall be able to put it down . I trust , sir , that we are not to have silence imposed upon us in this house . I do hope that the noble lord , and those who are connected with him in his majesty 's govt . will not deprive us of the liberty of speech ; that we shall be allowed the freedom of discussing their measures . I do hope that the noble lord does not mean to have recourse to a plan of which I have formerly heard . It was once observed to Mr. Burke , by a member of this house , that he was surprised ministers , instead of debating , did not try the effect of silence in that house ; to which he answered `` that they had tried it , and `` they found it would not do . '' So I will tell the noble lord . Why did his rt . hon . friend bring forward his plan before the recess , if he does not mean to proceed with it immediately ? Does he mean that it should go forward , or does he not ? . I think I have a right to ask that question . did not think the mariner in which he was questioned entitled to an answer . He was however fully prepared to assure the house , that no change had taken place in his mind respecting the measures which were connected with the motion the house had decided on , and he should bring them forward when they were its their due state of preparation . conceived the statement of the rt , hon . gent . opposite to him ( Mr. Canning ) to he of a most mischievous tendency , and he thought he ought to have been stopped before . submitted it to the judgment of the house whether he deserved this reproof . said , that nothing was more distant from his intention than any such reproof . He meant that the rt . hon . gent . ought to have been sooner stopped by some other member , for that . his language was calculated to produce discontent in the army . asked , was the country now in a situation that deprived members of that house from stating what they conceived might be the mischievous consequences of 1019 any measure ? Should the measure to be brought forward have the effect of creating disquiet , and perhaps mutiny , was not ; member of that house at liberty to urge as an argument against it , that it was of a nature to produce such effects ? The measure was yet only in the shape of a project or proposition , and so long his rt . hon . friend was perfectly at liberty to inveigh against its pernicious consequences ; should it pass into law , he would know how to respect it . said , that the question was taken up in a tone and manner neither suited to the house , nor to the subject under discussion . His rt . hon . friend had been called to order . He should riot now say that he was disorderly ; but he