had been voted on the 352 proposition of his predecessor . The estimates which he had now the honour to present , were only for two months , and he hoped that long before the expiration of that time . his majesty 's ministers would have fully matured , and parliament finally adopted , a plan for the permanent military establishment of the year , a plan which , he trusted , would at the same time that it augmented and strengthened our military force reduce the expence of our military department.—Ordered to lie on the table , and the right hon . gent . gave notice , that he would on Friday move the estimates in the Committee of Supply . took occasion to state , that the motion of the late ministers for proposing the estimates for only three months , was in order to leave their successors completely unfettered . He was enabled to say , that were it not for that consideration , the late administration was fully purposed at the time to bring forward a plan for the permanent military establishment of the year . brought up a bill to permit the exportation of wool , from the British plantations in America , to the united kingdom . On the motion for its first reading , entertained objections to this measure , which he conceived likely to injure the landed interest , but he would reserve the full statement of these objections to a future stage . In the mean time he hoped that some regulations would be introduced into it , that might render it less exceptionable . It struck him , that if the unlimited importation of wool were permitted , the effect would be to discourage the growth of that article at home , by placing the landed interest at the discretion of the manufacturers , who would , upon a surplus in consequence of the importation , be at liberty to offer any price they pleased . The importation at present allowed , proceeded from a wish to obtain the fine wool of Spain to mix with our own . But we had no want of the coarse wool of America . Indeed he could not conceive any reason for this bill . We had no scarcity of wool whatever , and therefore the bill was , on the face of it , unnecessary , and he much feared its effects would be injurious . called to the recollection of the house , that the importation of wool from the united states of America was already permitted , and the only object of this bill was to grant to our own colonies the 353 same advantage . It was his intention to propose , that the bill should be printed , and allow full time for its examination , in order that no alarm should arise from a misunderstanding of its provisions . If it should appear desirable to limit the continuance of the bill , he should offer no objection to such a proposal ; and if ; hereafter , it should be found disadvantageous in its operation , its repeal would naturally follow . recommended every encouragement to the growth of wool , upon the same principle that the legislature encouraged the growth of corn . He advised the introduction of a clause into this bill , imposing a small duty on the wool imported , as the best means of ascertaining that which was very desirable , namely , the quantity of the importation.—The bill was then read a first time . reported from the committee , appointed to draw up articles of Impeachment against Henry lord viscount Melville ; `` that he was directed by the committee to acquaint the house , that Alexander Trotter , esq . late paymaster to Henry lord viscount Melville , whilst treasurer of his majesty 's navy , having been examined by the said committee , did refuse to answer to what had been demanded of him by the said committee . '' The hon . gent . then moved , '' That the entry in the journal of the house