refusal . said , that if no bill of indemnity whatever had passed , or was passing through parliament , still it would be extremely wrong in the house to take the course recommended by the hon . bart. , and refuse to sanction the conduct of its committee . Upon such an application as that under discussion , it was not for the house to consider whether Trotter was legally compellable to answer certain questions which might have been put to him by the committee . Now , it should be taken for granted , that the questions proposed to him were correct ; otherwise the house had not a proper confidence in its committee . What was the case ? Why , that upon the recommendation of this committee , a bill was brought in , to indemnify Trotter from any civil action that might arise out of his answers before them , although the opinion of many lawyers was , that he was compellable to answer questions of that tendency ; and that opinion , which prevailed before the bill was introduced , was since strengthened by the declaration of a great majority of the Judges . How could the house then , upon a question so circumstanced , reconcile it to itself to delay the progress of this prosecution , in the manner the hon . bart . proposed ? Such a proceeding would be , in fact , to withdraw their confidence from the committee , and to imply a suspicion that that confidence had been abused . Coupling the proposition of the hen . bart . for delay , with what had taken place last year , when , by a mere majority of one , the cause of justice had triumphed , the house could not be unaware of the object . But he trusted that the house would not sanction the disposition that was manifested to withhold from this committee the degree of confidence which had never been refused to any committee upon similar occasions . observed , that if the motion he had introduced at the instance of the committee , should not be agreed to , the house had better withdraw its confidence from that committee altogether . It was impossible for him , consistently with his duty , to state at present what passed in the committee , but at the same time he could say , that Mr. Trotter was treated , 356 in the course of his examination , with the utmost possible indulgence . In the opinion of many , indeed , among whom he was one , that indulgence had been often pushed too far . He had been indemnified from all criminal prosecution , and it was proposed to indemnify him from all civil actions . He had frequently demurred to questions which , according to the declared opinion of eight of the Judges , he was legally compelled to answer , and yet time was given him deliberately to advise with counsel , & c. The hon . member disclaimed the intention of offering any thing with a view to extenuate or to apologize for the conduct of the committee . Nor did he mean to state precisely the questions which Mr. Trotter refused to answer , but he could state in substance , that they were of such a nature as , according to the law pronounced by the four dissentient Judges , he could not be screened from answering . The hon . member repeated , that if the motion before the house was not adopted , the committee would be placed in such a situation , that it would be better to withdraw the confidence of the house from them altogether , and to appoint another committee . disclaimed any intention , in the observations which he felt it his duty to submit , to impeach the integrity of , or weaken the confidence due to , the committee.—The motion was agreed to . said , he should decline to go to the extent of the precedent which the house had heard read , and which committed the refractory witness