must infallibly be devoted to that pursuit , and at the end of which period alone he can look for retirement or release . And if , at the end of that period , he is ensured a competency proportioned to his station in life , it can not be denied , that the profession which affords that assurance , is at least not inferior in its attractions and advantages to any other which is open to the same rank or class in society.—And here , sir , I must take the liberty of observing ; that the rt . hon . gent 's . plan is in a great measure inconsistent with itself , inasmuch as at the same time that he holds out enlistment for a limited period as the main inducement to fill the ranks of the army , he calculates upon no advantage being taken of that limitation , when the period of it arrives . If this calculation be well founded , the success in one respect must , as it appears to me , destroy the inducement in the other . I shell better explain this by reference to another plan which I have lately seen in a well-known periodical paper ( Cobbett 's Register ) which professes the same object as that of the rt . hon . gent. , but I think better proportions its means to the .end . Both plans are for multiplying enlistments , by shortening the term of service ; but the plan to which I refer proposes to accomplish of this object by dismissing the men at the end of their period , whereas the rt . hon gent . would do it by retaining them . That plan proposes that all its rewards for military service should consist in immunities in civi1 life to be enjoyed by the soldier upon his re- 983 tirement ; the rt . hon . gent 's rewards are purely military . In pursuance of that plan , the men would , after their first period of service , be thrown back into the bosom of the country , carrying with them , into their respective societies , the influence of their spirit , and the inducement of their example and might thus gradually contribute to militarize the , general character of the nation . But according to the rt . hon . gent 's . plan of retaining all that he acquires , it is manifest that these advantages of influence and example would be lost . The countryman would hear indeed of the theory of dismission , but when he sees no instances of it in practice , when en he sees vestigia nulla restiosum , there t will at least be wanting one great encouragement . The utmost that can be hoped by the rt . hon . gent : is , that the good soldier shall remain , and that the indifferent soldier only will avail himself of the expiration of his period ; but of the advantage of his exertions , and the effect of his example in procuring recruits , no very sanguine expectation can be reasonably entertained . So far therefore , as the rt . hon . gent 's plan differs from that to which I allude , it seems to me to differ for the worse.—But estimating as highly as the rt . hon . gent . himself can desire , the advantage of the additional inducement ( be it what it may ) arising from limitation of service , has the rt . hon . gent . fairly balanced the disadvantages and difficulties which attend the execution of his plan , or at least must attend its establishment as the general rule of the service ? Some of these diffculties are undoubtedly too obvious to have escaped the rt . hon . gent 's . observation , he has himself anticipated them , and suggested the only remedies which he could devise . It was obvious that to dismiss men on foreign service might be attended with inconvenience ; rt . hon . gent . therefore proposes power to the commanding