due to those who selected and appointed those officers ? The noble lord , indeed , defended lord St. Vincent too ; but it can not be denied that many of his friends entertained against that gallant officer as strong prejudices as ever existed in the minds of men . But , after mentioning the navy , I do not know that there is a single point on which I can subscribe to the noble lord 's representation of the state of the country . Is it in the finances that we are to seek for the proofs ? Because the last administration laid very heavy burthens on the public , did that facilitate the laying on of those new burthens , which my noble friend near me found it his duty to propose ? It is true we have 43 millions of revenue ; but is it very consolatory that we have an expenditure of forty-three millions ? Is there no relation between those objects ? Or is it a proof of prosperity that our taxes are enormous , though they are borne with cheerfulness , because they may be necessary ? Does the noble lord appeal to Ireland as that with the state of which there is every reason to he proud ? Is India in the best possible state , quite prosperous and tranquil ? Where then is the `` Bed of Roses '' to which we have succeeded ? Really it is insulting , to tell me , I am on a bed of roses , when I feel myself torn and stung by brambles and nettles , whichever way I turn . But , as far as regards this country itself , we are in a state of prosperity . But surely , you ought to consider the difficulties arising from other countries , as making part of our situation . The noble lord must admit , that , to use the phrase of one of his colleagues , `` the Continent is not in a very satisfactory state . '' The noble lord , however , tells us , that having succeeded to such an excellent state 709 of things , it must be our own fault if we do not carry on affairs well . Does the noble lord then think , that there is a rational prospect either of an honourable and satisfactory peace ; or , that we possess the means of so carrying on the war as to compel our enemy to agree to peace ; or , that we have the prospect of weakening and reducing his power ? If the noble lord thinks these matters easy , I should be very happy to have his advice on the subject . Whether the last campaign was wisely conducted on our part ; whether the exertions made and the concert effected were such as could attend a fair chance of success ; I do not at present discuss ; but surely the events of that campaign were such , as by no means to facilitate our efforts , and lighten our task . Unless , like the Parish bill , the good effects of the late campaign are not to be apparent for a long time , I must confess , that I see nothing in it that is not disastrous to the country , and embarrassing to the government . Nay , I would ask the noble lord , whether the communication of Papers by himself and his colleagues has not added to our difficulties ? If he doubts it , let him come to my office , and I will show him documents from different ministers , which will prove how much that has contributed to our embarrassments . But the noble lord does not think proper to come to our offices ; and here I can not help saying , that his declining to come , is in some respects criminal . He talked as if it had been the intention of the late ministers to have made an attack on some of the enemy 's vulnerable points . In taking credit for the success of such