never have taken place . The court of directors were without power , and the board of controul without responsibility . He would ask any gent . what would be his feelings , were he called upon in his private capacity to approve of what was contrary to his real sentiments ? It was not for him to criticise the conduct of the directors , or to examine how far they were culpable in their compliance . Probably it was not in their power to have acted otherwise than they did . He confessed he had reason , on 812 this occasion , to fear the opposition of some of those friends with whom he usually acted ; but he was not conscious of having expressed any opinion contrary to those which they had been in the habit of maintaining . He should , at least , have the satisfaction of thinking that the sentiments he had delivered respecting the inefficacy and absurdity of the present system for the government of India were similar to theirs . The noble lord then replied to several objections which he thought might be made to his motion , and concluded with moving , `` That there be laid before the house a Dispatch approved by the court of directors , dated 3d April , 1805 , to the governor general in council ; the answer from the Board of controul refusing to transmit the same ; and a Reply from the court of directors to that answer . '' Sir , as I had given repeated notice of intending to move for papers which would have included an extract from the most important of those now moved for by the noble lord , I should have felt it necessary to offer a few words on the present occasion , even if I had not been particularly alluded to by the noble lord , lest my silence now , should be as much misconstrued , as I find the motive has been which induced me to relinquish my intention of bringing forward those motions . The noble lord , by way of distinguishing his own object from mine , has stated , that his is not to criminate lord Wellesley . Whenever an investigation may take place on the important subject of the state of our affairs in India , I trust I shall not shrink from the discussion . But , in respect to my motive for wishing the papers in question to be before the house , the facts are briefly and simply these . A discussion in this house near the close of the last session , had given an impression , both here and without doors , that the executive body of the East-India Co. had approved of certain treaties concluded at Oude , and transactions connected with them . A paper certainly very favourable to that idea , had been moved for , and ordered to be laid before the house , in which approbation of those transactions is expressed under the hands of the secret committee of the court of directors . Now , sir , knowing that the court of directors had not even been made acquainted with those transactions until two years after the date of that letter , and that , on their becoming acquainted with them , they had recorded 813 their disapprobation of them ; I felt anxious to remove the impression which the production of that letter had occasioned . This was my sole object , and I therefore determined to move for certain papers , which if produced , I knew would accomplish it , and which had reference to no other subject , than to the affairs of Oude , and Furruckabad.—But , from circumstances which must be fresh in the recollection of the house , and to which it became me to yield every attention , I was induced to postpone my motions three several times : until at length the document , an extract from which was the most material of the papers I had intended to move for , was demanded by the East-India board , and