in the nature of impeachment , but , as the right hon . secretary of state had well expressed it , Whoever brought forward such accusations , did it at his peril . The accuser certainly did come forward at considerable peril , and at the risk of his own character . When a man had long filled one of the most important offices in the state , he should not on light grounds be made the subject of a motion of impeachment : and yet the present charge was not only brought forward without evidence to support it , but even it was a considerable time before a member could be found to second the motion ; and that member had expressly declared his disapprobation of the manner in which the charge had been brought forward . It appeared to him , that in seconding the motion , the hon . baronet ( sir W. Geary ) paid a higher compliment to his charity than to his discretion . He should have thought it quite as well , if that charge , which came into the house like a foundling , and which was so long before it found any body willing to adopt it , had been disowned by every body , and had been left with its real father , without the benefit of finding a parent by adoption . If the hon . baronet had not adopted it , the charge might have died for the present , but could have been brought forward again , when the hon . mover had found out documents to support it ; he was more confirmed in his opinion , when he recollected what had fallen from an hon . director ; but if the hon . gent . chose to be hasty , to consult nobody , and to bring forward his charge without evidence , it would be no hardship to require him to be better prepared . The hon . director ( Mr. Thornton ) had stated , that if the paper had been granted the preceding night , there would have been some evidence ; but it should be recollected , that , although of those who wished for the production of that paper , no two agreed in the object for which they wished it , yet all had agreed in disclaiming the idea of its being produced as evidence on this charge . The hon. , mover had excused himself from bringing forward the charge hastily and prematurely . [ Mr. Paull rose to order , but , being asked by the Speaker to state what he complained of as disorderly , was silent ] . Mr. Garrow then continued , and said , that he , could not exactly say , as the hon . gent . could , that he was not in the habits of speaking , yet pot being in the habits of speaking in that assembly , he was afraid he might be as little acquainted as he was with the points of order . He had , indeed , not intended to speak that night , and had made a sort of league and covenant with himself to remain silent . As to the paper that was spoken of , it could never be brought as a document against lord Wellesley . It was riot any order or instruction to him , but it was merely a written opinion given by the gentlemen sitting in Leadenhall-street , but which opinion never reached India . An ex post facto opinion of this sort , could never be brought to substantiate a criminal charge against the noble marquis . It might appear extraordinary , that , when the friends and relations , of the noble marquis wished for the enquiry , he , who had not the honour of being acquainted with him , opposed the adjournment . It was for the sake of precedent that he opposed it ; it was because he thought the house should not sutler the valuable privilege of impeachment to be in any case , or even for a short time , the