could apprehend such a consequence from a regulation of this sort now , when , during the last war , he was one of those who advised , and certainly well advised , his majesty to the issue of that proclamation , in virtue of his just prerogative , which this bill only went to confirm and render more effectual ? As to this bill having an operation gradually to abolish the Slave trade , as some gentlemen seemed to apprehend , he owned he could not flatter himself in the hope that it would produce such a consequence ; and if he thought it would have such a tendency , instead of that being 1024 with him an argument against the bill , it was one which would render him ten times more enamoured of it ; but so far from such a consequence , he thought it would only operate some few years hence , to furnish a new argument , added to the old ones , of those who opposed that abolition , but on which certainly he never placed any very strong reliance . They had predicted in the same manner of the slave-carrying trade , and of every other regulation calculated to palliate the enormous abuses of that trade . They had said , `` Oh ! if you pass this bill , there will be no need to say any more about abolishing the Slave trade , as in a very few years you will have no such trade to abolish ; '' and yet afterwards , when the gradual abolition came to be proposed , the same persons argue , Why abolish ? You have already established such wholesome restrictions upon the trade as to obviate its evils , and make it tend of itself to a gradual abolition . '' Such might probably , in a year or two hence , be the argument applied in respect of this bill , which was now spoken of as a measure destructive of the trade of this country . Having , however , no such apprehension , such arguments had no influence upon his mind . With respect to the total abolition of the Slave trade itself , whatever gentlemen might think of the consistency of those ministers in office , who had voted for it out office , he would not take upon himself to answer for the opinions of all his Majesty 's ministers : he could answer for himself , and several of those with whom he had the honour to act , and some of whom held the highest and most dignified stations in the other house of Parliament , as well as in this , that neither he nor they had ever changed the sentiments they had so repeatedly avowed upon it . They still felt it as one involving the dearest interests of humanity , and as one which , however unfortunate this administration might be in other respects , should they be successful in effecting it , would entail more true glory upon their administration , and more honour upon their country , than any other transaction in which they could be engaged . After all that had been said upon this subject , it would be felt that the measure would most properly be brought forward by the hon . member opposite to him , whose laudable exertions in that case resounded so much and so justly to his own praise . Whether he should think proper to bring it forward this session or the next , ( the , sooner the better ) , he could assure him of his most cordial support , and that of those 1025 friends who , out of office , had voted with him for the abolition of that abominable trade . observed , that this measure would prove highly injurious to our commerce and manufactures and was peculiarly impolitic at this time . He deprecated this proceeding highly , and hoped that the house would at least take time for consideration . He was sorry to observe that the ministers were much more active in injuring the trade