and behind ditches , a mining would be required very different from that which the rt . hon . gent . seems to have in contemplation ; and not only officers to instruct them , but commanders under whom they may rally in the day of action . But if , as has been stated by the rt . hon . gent . they are to he taken into the ranks of the regular army , I wish to know whether there is a single commanding officer , who having hist two hundred men , would not much rather go into battle again with his shattered battalions as they were , than see them filled up with men who , from their inadequate discipline , must create the utmost confusion ? The house must well remember the obloquy that was cast on the pleasure of drafting from the militia to regular regiments , when the expedition to Holland took . place ; —yet how infinitely superior must the militia-man be to the , peasant , who should only have been trained for 26 days in the year ! And this suggests another consideration ; the kind of encouragement which is to be held out to the individuals who compose the mass . I have no doubt that they will act bravely ; every Englishman does so but certainly , it is not very alluring to say to there— '' You , will never be called `` on , until a vacancy occurs : '' in other words , `` until the man is shot , whose place you are to , supply . '' These men , too , are not to be regimentally clothed ; so that as soon as they enter the ranks , they will probably meet with a proclamation from the enemy , that all men taken in arms ; arid not regularly soldiers , should undergo military 995 execution . It is not likely after every allowance has been made for their Courage , that these men could display any great zeal under such circumstances ; or at least that the full benefit can be derived from their constitutional bravery and spirit , Which under better regulation might reasonaby be expected from them.—Compare , now , the object proposed by this training With the volunteers . Compare at the same time , the expence ; —since the rt . hon . gent . has thought fit to make that a matter of complaint against the volunteers . The rt . hon . gent . stated the expence of the volunteers , since their institution , at the round sum of ten millions ; —half of which , however , he allowed , has been Contributed by the volunteers themselves . The remaining half is about 1,500,000l . more than the papers upon the table show to have been issued by government ; but say that . each of your 3 or 400,000 volunteers has cost the state from 4l . to 4l . 10s . a man.—Grant that this large sum has been laid out in the , disciplining of the volunteers , a sum nearly equal according to the rt . hon . gent 's statement . to one year 's receipt of the income tax , are the advantages accruing from that system to be hastily abandoned ; —to give place to a system of loose and inefficient training , which will be an annual expence to the country of 260,000l . for the 26 days pay alone ; —without reckoning arms , accoutrements , officers , registers , and every other consequent expenditure ? Then as to the comparative use of the two species of force . The volunteers might make a stand , and would , in defence of the capital—the service of the rt . hon . gent 's favourite troops , of his veterans of six-and-twenty sabbaths , is to begin when London has been lost . The rt . hon . gent . must have found in his office a plan for collecting a very considerable force , no less than 185,000 volunteers , at any time round