as they possibly could . reprobated the idea of gentlemen moving for papers of such magnitude , which were useless , inasmuch as few gentlemen read them . He reprobated the practice of publishing papers relative to the affairs of India , under pretence of criminating the marquis Wellesley , as it disclosed to the enemy much information which might hereafter prove mischievous to our India possessions.—The question was then put , and the return ordered to be made forthwith . then rose and said : —Sir ; I shall trespass very shortly on the patience of the house , and I shall abstain , as much as possible , from any mention of the noble marquis , who is the object of my accusation : but , 472 sir , if I abstain , from applying the terms I think the conduct of that noble lord towards the nabob of Surat merits , it will proceed from no dread of the violence and asperity of a noble lord under me ( Temple ) , who is so ready on every occasion , to extend the broad shield of his protection , and that of his connections , to the character of the late governor-general of India.—Before I proceed to lay the grounds for the charge I have given notice of , I must detain the house one moment , and call their attention to the grounds of charge already on your table , which will show , that the papers I am this night to move for are most essential , not only to establish the oppression and injustice towards the nabob of Surat , but to prove a leading feature in the system which lord Wellesley acted upon from the hour of his arrival , until , by his removal , he was prevented from further mischief , from further acts of injustice and oppression.— There are now , sir , the grounds of four charges against that noble lord before the house ; the dethroning of the nabob of the Carnatic , the seizure of Oude , the illegal appointment of Mr. Wellesley , and that relating to the war and peace with the rajah of Bhurtpore . The first was brought forward by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) who is not now in the house , but who stands pledged to the house and the country to proceed in the enquiry . His character is so high , his acquaintance with this subject so extensive , and the part he has taken in the investigation of Indian offences so well known , so honourable and so conspicuous , that it would he presumptuous in me to bring them to the recollection of the house . I shall not anticipate the contents of the Oude papers , or say any thing more as to the appointment of the hon . Mr. Wellesley , than that the declared , decided opinion of the Directors is on my side , both as to the illegality and the expediency of the appointment ; nor would I now revert to the conduct of the war against the rajah of Bhurtpore and the peace with that prince , but to say , that , let his conduct be proved to have been ever so treacherous , ever so abandoned , ever so perjured , I retract not a tittle of my accusation against lord Wellesley , for that war and for that peace . —By the papers that are before the house , the dethronement of the heir of the house of the ancient and illustrious princes of the Carnatic is defended , on the score of the treasons committed by their allies of 473 the English nation ; the seizure of Oude and the appointment of Mr. Wellesley in consequence of the expediency of the measures , and the war in Bhurtpore by its justice , and the peace , as a boon from the humanity of the late governor-general.—If the papers are granted this night that I shall move for , they will contain the proofs of the unjust assumption of the rights and revenues