But if he had consulted in Cabinet on the political expediency of bringing those persons to trial , if he had engaged in all the councils of government of that particular period , and had stored his mind with all the secret information which he would probably have found there , bearing more or less on the cases of those prisoners , it would be monstrous to contend that under these circumstances , and with a mind so prepared , he could with propriety have been sent to sit in judgment upon the parties accused . For these reasons , the practice of introducing a chief Justice of the King 's Bench into Cabinet as an habitual adviser of the measures of the executive government , appears to me to derive no countenance whatever from any analogy to be drawn from the introduction of that magistrate into the house of lords and privy council ; as little can it be supported by the circumstance of the lord chancellor 's being al- 325 ways a cabinet minister , though filling a judicial situation . In the first place , the chancellor is ex officio an executive officer of state measures . All treaties or instruments with respect to our foreign relations , all grants at home , are sealed by him under his personal responsibility : it seems therefore indispensable , that he should be a party to the councils of the government ; but , except on trials before the peers , he exercises no criminal jurisdiction . He holds his office during pleasure ; his political functions are not less prominent than his judicial duties : his existence in both capacities depends , like that of any other member of the executive government , upon the fate of the administration of the day . It is true , that he is charged with judicial functions of the highest nature , but they relate not to the life or liberty of the subject ; they are of a description much less likely to be exercised , or ( which is not less material to the present question ) to be suspected of being exercised under any political bias , than those of the chief justice . Decisions on property seldom attract the attention , or rouse the feelings of the public . The struggles of party have no connection with civil suits . The chancellor could but little serve the purposes of his party or gratify his political resentments by unjust decisions in his court . Besides , the suitor has always an option of carrying his cause in the first instance before the Master of the Rolls , a judicial officer holding his situation , like any other judge , during good behaviour ; and there is always an appeal open to the party from the decision of the chancellor to the house of lords.—In the exercise of a criminal jurisdiction there is a wide difference . In such courts , cases continually arise , which call forth the passions of the people . The judge who presides on such occasions , can no otherwise hope to command the respect and confidence of the public , than by standing unconnected with the questions which conic before him , and totally uninterested in the event of the proceedings . But exclusive of the effects of this measure upon the character of a common law judge ; should such a judge unfortunately be inclined to carry his party feelings and resentments with him to the bench , he certainly can apply them to purposes of oppression with much less controul in criminal than in civil cases . A right hon . and Learned gent . ( Mr . Bond ) says , What has the chief justice in such cases to do , but 326 to declare the law , possibly aided by soma of his brethren , the jury deciding on the fact ? But , independently of the influence which the summing up of the judge must necessarily have upon the verdict , the right hon . gent . forgets , that to him exclusively belongs the determination of