, and achieving the glorious victory off Trafalgar , on the 21 st of October last . In stating the grounds on which that motion proceeded , respecting which , he felt confident , there would be no difference of opinion in that house , he believed it would not be deemed irrelevant in him , before he proceeded farther , to endeavour to pay that tribute of applause , which they all must feel was due to that great and illustrious commander , under whose auspices that signal and glorious victory was achieved , whom it was the misfortune of the country to lose in the moment of victory ; but a consummation , so glorious to himself , incontrovertibly established his claim to the meed of immortal honour . That , however , was not the sole misfortune the country had recently experienced . She had the misfortune , within a few months , to lose two of the most distinguished military and political characters that ever graced her annals , at an early , and about the same period of their respective lives ; under circumstances , and at a time , when all the abilities , vigour , talent , and energy of the country , was requisite for her preservation . He felt , that part of what he now alluded to , was foreign from the subject he had regularly to observe upon , but so much more strongly the occasion which suggested it , that he could not repress its expression . His lordship proceeded to expatiate upon the character of the other illustrious individual , who was the subject of his recent general panegyric . The whole life of that great officer , he observed , was devoted to the service of his country ; and never did there exist a person more fully and variously qualified effectually to forward that service , than the noble and gallant viscount , to whom he alluded . In contemplating his professional character , it was impossible to refrain from adverting to the merits of those 76 who had the opportunity of improving those talents , and directing that spirit of enterprise and intrepidity which displayed itself in his earlier years . On this head , much credit was due to sir Peter Parker , to lord Hood , to earl St. Vincent , and other distinguished officers , to whom such opportunities were afforded . To these , for their early distinguishing , and calling into action , the important qualifications , with which the late gallant viscount was so eminently endowed , much praise was due ; and so far , it might be said , those distinguished officers , in the first instance , contributed their parts to the glorious and important services he subsequently rendered . It was not , however , to these great and pre-eminent considerations , of the important victories of the Nile , Copenhagen , and Trafalgar , that their lordships were alone to look for the merits and perfections of that gallant officer ; on various occasions , even in the earliest part of his professional life , they were eminently to be found . His various services , as a subordinate officer , while on the Mediterranean station , were is that point of view , particularly to be regarded . In that quarter , not only his zeal and intrepidity were repeatedly manifested , but his talents and professional skill , and in a way which was unequalled by any other officer in similar circumstances ! and the same superior display of talent and enterprise was uniformly exhibited by him on every occasion of separate command . When his majesty was first pleased to order a specific remuneration for his services , on the formal representation thereof , which , on his part , became necessary on such an occasion , that illustrious officer had truly set forth , that he was concerned in the capture of seven ships of the line , ten frigates , and a number of smaller armed vessels ; that he had been one hundred and twenty times in