the right hon . gent. , could look without dread and discouragement to any counsels that he was supposed to influence . The noble lord concluded by calling on the right hon . gent . to declare more explicitly his intentions respecting the bill ; and should the bill be repealed , it he intended to levy the fines on the deficient parishes according to the spirit of the bill ? On this and other questions connected with the military defence of the country , it was indispensible that an immediate determination should take place and that the men of talents , of which the new administration was said to be formed , 462 should hasten to exert those talents in a way calculated to be of service to the public . The patient might otherwise expire before the state-physicians had made up their minds , as to the prescriptions that ought to be adopted . said , that a right hon . gent . opposite him ( Mr. Canning ) had , on a former occasion , expressed an opinion that the new ministers ought to have been ready with their plan , in the space of three days after coming into office ; but he surely ought to have considered , and the noble lord in a particular should have repressed his impatience , by reflecting that the dilemma to which they were reduced , and which wanted so much explanation , arose from difficulties which the noble lord himself and his friends had created . Their military system had been so bad , that it naturally produced those difficulties . The strong expectation expressed on the other side of the house , of something new , was a proof , even in their opinion , that something more effectual was absolutely required to be done . The noble lord had very properly compared the present military system to a sick patient . But who had reduced the wretched patient to that languishing state ? How came the patient to be in his present situation ? Was it not the noble lord , and his friends who had brought him to death 's door ? And yet , those who had brought the country to that state , were now loud their reproaches against their successors , for hot restoring the patient instantly to health . Then noble lord wished to know , what was to be done ? On this head it was very difficult to satisfy his enquiry . The whole of what had been urged on the other side came to this ; the gentlemen felt that they had brought the country into difficulties , and expressed their surprise that ministers should be so long in extricating it from them . As to the admonition of the noble lord , with respect to the other topics upon which he had touched , he had only to say , that the attention of his majesty 's ministers would be seriously directed towards them . To the other points on which the noble lord asked information , he had no answer to make ; not that he was unprepared to give the answer , but because he did not conceive that the noble lord had any right to put the questions . He had nothing to add , therefore , to what he had said before on the subject ; namely , that the question as under the consideration of govern- 463 ment , and would , in due time , be submitted to parliament . thought the right hon . gent . might have given some answer to the question of his noble friend , relative to the course intended to be pursued with regard to the penalties . As the right hon . gent . had alluded to what had fallen from him in a former debate , he should briefly advert to his speech on that occasion . He had never said , that the right hon . gent . had made any declaration , that in three days , he would produce a plan to meet the necessity of the times . The