mentioned , from those debts which could serve them for any ground of demurrer . He should not press the bill upon their lordships ' attention now that a declaratory act had been presented , but should only observe , in addition to what lie had stated , that the bill was sanctioned by precedents , respecting which he would content himself with referring their lordships to Viner 's abridgement , and Mr. Cowper 's reports . There was , however , one objection to the bill which he had not 363 heard stated in that house , but which had great weight in his mind , which was , that the advantage sought to be attained by it , ought not to be purchased by giving up any sums of money which might eventually turn out to be due to the public from any persons whom it was the object of the bill to indemnify . He concluded by moving to discharge the order for summoning their lordships for this day , observing , that he should fix no other day for the 2d reading , not , however , giving it up altogether , until something definitive was done respecting the proposed declaratory law . said , he still maintained his former opinion with respect to this bill . As to the analogy stated by the noble lord in the case of releasing a witness , it did not apply to the bill , there being no such thing known in a court of law as releasing a witness in the event of his making a full and fair disclosure , the release must be unconditional , or else it was a nullity.—The order was then discharged . The sheriffs of London presented at the bar , a petition from the lord mayor , aldermen , and commons of the city of London , stating , that the existing acts relative to a free market for coals in the city of London were defective , and praying leave to bring in a bill to amend and render the same more effectual . Referred to a committee.—Mr . Fox presented a petition from the company of Butchers of the city of London , setting forth `` that an act was passed 43 Geo . III . to extend the provisions of two acts , passed 39 and 40 and 41 Geo . III . relating to the use of horse hides in making boots and shoes , and preventing the damaging of raw hides and skins in the flaying thereof , and . to alter and amend the same , as to the cities of London and Westminster , and borough of Southwark and liberties thereof , and all places within 15 miles of the Royal Exchange ; and that . the petitioners and other Butchers residing within the limits of the said act have sustained very considerable loss by the operation thereof ; and that the petitioners conceive the intentions of the said act might be more easily and effectually carried into execution , if the said act was repealed , and the necessary powers and provisions , so far as relates to the limits therein mentioned , comprised in one act : and there- 364 fore praying , that leave may be given to bring in a bill for the purposes aforesaid . '' Ordered to be referred to the consideration of a committee.—Lord Henry Petty presented the annual petitions from the different Irish charities ; which were ordered to lie on the table.—On the motion of Mr. Whitbread , the order made on the 27th of Feb. was discharged , and anew order made for a return of the volunteer force of G. Britain , cavalry , infantry , and artillery , describing the different state of discipline of each corps , and specifying the names of the returning officers.—On the motion of Mr. Harrison , it was ordered that an account be laid before the house , of all wool imported into Great Britain for the last ten years , distinguishing the kinds and specifying the countries from whence received . Lord Castlereagh moved for