those islands to regulate that intercourse , as far as it regarded the importation , & c. of provisions and lumber , from the ports of America into those of our West-India colonies . The bill would shortly be laid before their lordships , and he should propose that it be read a 2d time on Thursday next . observed , that he was one of those who certainly thought the measure of a much more serious nature than it seemed to be considered by those who introduced it . They did not seem to be aware of the great amount of the tonnage , and of the great number of seamen who were employed in that trade . He was persuaded that the shipping amounted to no less than 101,090 tons , and the seamen to 6500 . To prove this assertion , the noble lord concluded with moving for certain papers , by which , he said , all he had advanced would be fully confirmed . surveyor-general of his majesty 's works appeared at the bar , and in answer to the question put to him by the 809 lord chancellor , respecting the time when the preparations in Westminster-hall , for the court of parliament , sitting on the trial of lord Melville , would be completed ; informed their lordships , that the same would be completely finished on Saturday next.—Mr . Whitbread presented a list of the names of certain additional witnesses who were deemed necessary by the commons to be examined on the trial of lord Melville , and requested their lordships would issue summonses for their attendance , on Tuesday , the 29th inst.—After the messengers had withdrawn , their lordships ordered that a message be sent to the commons , acquainting them , that their lordships would take the necessary steps to provide for the attendance of the witnesses mentioned . read the report of the committee , to whom it was referred to search for precedents respecting their lordships ' modes of proceeding on former cases of impeachment : which report was ordered to be taken into consideration on Wednesday . moved , that the house should proceed on the trial of lord Melville de die in diem , except from any special considerations they should deem it expedient to adjourn to the day after the morrow of the day on which the motion should be made . moved that the further consideration of this motion should also be postponed till Wednesday.—The earl of Rosslyn and the lord chancellor opposed this motion , on the ground of its being unnecessary , it being already the general and decided opinion of the house , that they ought to proceed on the trial de die in diem . The motion was then put and negatived.—On putting the original motion , opposed it , conceiving that 4 days in the week were as many as the house could devote to the trial , consistently with that attention which they must necessarily pay to other business . He declined , however , proposing any alteration in the motion.—The motion was then put and carried . Mr. Whitbread moved , that a message be sent to the lords , with a list of the witnesses whom he proposed to have summoned by their lordships to attend the trial of lord Melville . Ordered . 810 —A message from the lords shortly after informed the house , that their lordships would give orders for summoning the witnesses to attend the trial of lord Melville , as desired.—Mr . Whitbread then gave notice that he should , to-morrow , move that that part of the journals of the house of last session which contained the order of the house to the attorney-general , to suspend the proceedings in the civil suit against lord Melville be read , for the purpose of moving , that the attorney-general be ordered still further to suspend the proceedings therein.—Admiral Markham , with a view to the charge to be preferred against earl St. Vincent , by an hon . member opposite , thought it necessary to call for some further papers