to a seat in the Cabinet . As to lord Ellenborough , personally , he had a great respect for his character as a judge , but he did not know what great service was to be expected from him in the Cabinet . As to his knowledge or experience as to matters in law ( great as it undoubtedly was ) , yet the government did not appear particularly to be in need of that legal advice , when they had a lord chancellor who had such extensive experience of the law , and when they could be assisted by the advice of the attorney-general and of the solicitor-general ( Mr. Romilly ) , who had perhaps as much experience in equity as the lord chancellor had in the courts of law . As to general politics , it could not be supposed that lord Ellenborough had more knowledge of the subject than any other man in the kingdom , of a cultivated mind . His professional habits must have prevented him from giving as much attention to these subjects as other persons ; and , in point of fact , while he had been in parliament , whether as attorney-general in the lower house , or as a peer in that house , he had taken very little share in questions of general politics . He therefore could not see what necessity there was for giving him a place in the Cabinet.—But , in truth , the situation of a Cabinet minister , was totally incompatible with that of chief justice ; since , to mix with the provisions , enquiries , wad directions for a prosecution , was inconsistent with the unprejudiced trial afterwards . It was , for instance , not unusual for the Cabinet to order the trial of persons for libels on foreign princes ; what would be the consequence , in that case , of a trial before such a political judge ? If on the conviction of some such writer , the judge were to pass a severe sentence upon him , might not the public justly complain that he was sacrificed to the political motive of standing well with such foreign prince ? And if , on the contrary , a lenient sentence was pronounced , might not the prince ascribe the circumstance to the government with which he was politically connected ? A chief justice of the King 's Bench held his situation independent of the pleasure of the crown ; not so a member of the Cabinet . In every way , therefore , it was an appointment which he could not sanction 274 with his approbation , and he should certainly vote for the motion of the noble earl . had not heard an argument that tended even to stagger his mind on the propriety of the appointment . He considered the motion as a thing unprecedented in British history . It was a direct attack on the king 's prerogative , and went to take from his majesty his undoubted right of calling to his confidential councils the person of whom he approved . It differed materially from a motion for an address to remove ministers whose measures were disapproved of ; since here the person alluded to had only been appointed a few days , and no allegation was made against his general character . It was a curious reason , that , because he was called to the committee of privy council called the Cabinet , he was less fit to discharge the office of Judge . All state trials were ordered in the privy council ; and , from time immemorial , the chief justice of the King 's Bench had been a member of the privy council . He said they would find upon reference to our history , from the earliest periods , that the chief justices had been consulted as statesmen . They must not take it from the revolution only , for our constitution , in this respect , was long antecedent to that epoch ; and it was full of instances of this kind . He animadverted on the