the papers . disapproved of the motion , and thought the house , in ordering the production moved for , would resemble a grand jury examining evidence , not for the purpose of trying the validity of the charge , but with a view to make new accusations . This practice he deprecated as illegal and unjust . thought it quite inconsistent to refuse the production of a document in that house , which had obtained such publicity out of doors , and which was so material to inform gentlemen upon the subject to which it referred . said , that on account of his long and private friendship with the marquis Wellesley , he had hitherto forborne to deliver his opinion on these subjects ; but he could not see how the production of this paper could at all affect his case . The fact was , that the paper was substantially before the house , and already printed ; but it was printed in a surreptitious manner , without the name of any bookseller prefixed to it , and circulated in an indirect way . He therefore thought it would be much better that it should come before them regularly and officially . The govern- 833 ment of India was , in many respects , an anomaly , and there were two parts that he thought should be kept distinct , namely , the political power and the patronage of India . As for the patronage , he thought it might be dangerous to the constitution ; it such great additional patronage was to be given to the minister , and he therefore thought it would remain more safely in the hands of the court of directors . As for political measures , when there should be a difference of opinion between the court of directors and the board of controul , he thought the opinion of the latter should preponderate . It appeared to him , that the court of directors should , however , possess every means of elucidating their conduct , and manifesting the opinions they held on India affairs . For this purpose he should vote for the production of the paper . said , he perfectly agreed with the right hon . gent . who spoke last , that the court of directors should certainly have an opportunity , at a proper time , of putting the house in possession of their sentiments upon the affairs of India ; but it did not appear to him that the present was the proper time , when the production of the paper might have an effect on the question of impeachment , which the house were to decide on . It had been observed by every body , that the paper ought not to have any influence upon that question . It therefore appeared to him better , that it should not be produced until it was decided . He . concluded by suggesting a resolution , `` that the altered dispatch of the 3d of April , 1805 , had not the sanction of the court of directors . '' suggested to the hon . gent . that it would be necessary first to put the previous question . shortly replied to the arguments that had been urged against his motion , and disclaimed the idea of having brought it forward with any view of prejudicing the case of the noble marquis . observed , that one great objection to the resolution proposed by his right hon . friend was , that the house would thus adopt a resolution for which they had no authority before them . in reply to a question put by Mr. Fox , stated , that the dispatch respecting the treaty of Oude , in 1803 , had been first drawn up by the court of directors , and altered by the commissioners of the board of controul . In every thing that did not relate to questions of war or peace , 834 the dispatches originated with the court of directors . was of opinion that a period might arrive when it would be proper to produce this