with the Rajah on worse terms , than he might have obtained in the first instance , without a siege , without the loss of one drop of blood , or injury to the honour of the British arms in the eyes of the natives . These are the facts , into which I understand that some enquiry is to be made or proposed hereafter . That question is not before us now . Of course I shall not meddle with it . The object , to which I shall endeavour to draw your attention , is of far other extent and importance , than any thing that concerns the production of these papers . It is the dangerous practice , which has , in fact , prevailed within these two years only , without due consideration , or even notice , but which , if now confirmed upon debate , will be established as a precedent for ever . I mean , sir , the discretion left with the king 's ministers , to produce or withhold any part of the papers ordered by this house , or in effect to comply with the order , or to defeat or elude the intention of the house , just as they think fit , or in whatever degree it may suit their own purposes to evade it . No reasonable man , I think , can suspect me of 492 applying so extensive an inference or of imputing so criminal a purpose as this , to the motion immediately before us . The case of the Rajah of Bhurtpore is too remote , too inconsiderable , and too slightly connected with any personal interest here , to warrant a suspicion that the board of control has an intention or desire to withhold any of the papers , relative to this rajah , which were ordered a week ago . Neither do I believe that the noble marquis whose conduct is in question , or any of his friends , feel much concern in the present motion , or that they care at all how it is decided . This , sir , is exactly the situation , in which I should be glad to argue the question : that is , to be at liberty to dismiss the particular case , and to consider nothing but the general precedent . All I desire is , that the house may recollect and remember that it is sometimes under favourable circumstances , and still oftener in cases , which are thought of no consequence and pass without observation , that dangerous precedents are established . They are not instantly regarded , because they have no immediate operation , and the remote consequences are not foreseen . But they thrive in silence and grow tinder neglect , while they appear to be forgotten . Bad examples are prolific . They increase and multiply , and never fail to bring forth . fruit in due season . Bad men will resort to them hereafter and turn them to purposes , which they , who originally gave the example or set the precedent , never thought of.—This is an English , much more than an Indian question . The fundamental privileges of this house , and through us , the rights and privileges of the commons of this united kingdom are involved in it . The right hon . gent . proposes that the orders already made shall extend to such parts only of the papers in question , as may be disclosed without prejudice to the public service ; and this clause or condition , he says , has been attached to every order for Indian papers , that has been made in the present or in the last session of parliament . It is true . The practice I believe began with me , and very much against my will , in the session of 1804 , though I did not then weigh the consequences of it so carefully as I ought to have done . I yielded unadvisedly , but not without remonstrance , to a pretension , which I ought to