, not exceeding 1,250,000l . be granted to his majesty , for the hire of transports , for the year 1806 . 4 . That a sum , not exceeding 400,000l . be granted to his majesty , for defraying the charge of prisoners of war in health at home and abroad , for the year 1806 . 5 . That a sum , not exceeding 45,000l . be granted to his majesty , for defraying the charge of sick prisoners of war , for the year 1806 . 6 . That a sum , not exceeding 30,000l . be granted to his majesty , for defraying the charge of the establishments and hospitals relating to his majesty 's sick and wounded seamen at home and abroad , for the year 1806. from the committee appointed to draw up articles of impeachment against Henry lord viscount Melville , informed the house , that further matters had come to the knowledge of the said committee , in the course of the examinations taken before them , with respect to the conduct of the said lord viscount Melville , during the time that he held the office of treasurer of his majesty 's navy ; which I information the committee think it of importance to communicate to the house , if the house shall please to receive the same . It was thereupon ordered , `` That the said committee have leave to report such further matters as shall have come to their knowledge in the course of the examinations taken before them with respect to the conduct of the said lord viscount Melville , during the time that he held the office of treasurer of his majesty 's navy . '' Mr. Whitbread accordingly reported from the said committee such further matters as they appeared to them ; and he read the report in his place , and afterwards delivered the same , together with an Appendix thereunto , in at the table , where the report was read . It was also ordered , that the said Report be taken into further consideration upon Friday next , and be printed for the members of the house . A copy of the report will be found in the Appendix to the present volume . presented a petition of the manufacturers of Woollen Cloth in the county of York , setting forth , `` that from 348 the great increase in the manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the said county , and the very different methods of manufacturing the same , by machinery and otherwise , the acts now in force respecting Woollen Cloth are very inadequate to regulate and direct the same ; and therefore praying , that leave may be given to bring in a bill for the better regulating and directing the trade and manufacture of Woollen Cloth in the said county . '' The hon . gent . stated that though the signatures to it were few in number , yet those represented a very numerous body , and might be called the domestic manufacturers of the Country . He wished to apprise the house , that it was a distinct petition from that presented on the part of the finishers , and others ; and , he had to say , in behalf of the petitioners , that they only wished for the patient attention of parliament , and would then be content with any measures the legislature , in its wisdom , might think proper to adopt.—Ordered to lie on the table . presented a petition on the same subject , from the Cloth Workers of York and Lancaster . He hoped that as the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wilberforce ) had said a few words in favour of his own petition , he would also say something in favour of the petition which he held in his hand . This petition had been presented for three years successively , and last year it was put off upon an understanding that the subject was to be seriously investigated by the ministers . The change , however , which took place , had prevented the