long in any state , unless the administration of common justice be in some degree separated both from the legislative and also from the executive power . Were it joined with the legislative ; the life , liberty , and property of the subject would be in the hands of arbitrary judges , whose decisions would be then regulated only by their own opinions , and not by any fundamental principles of law , which though legislators may depart from , yet judges are bound to observe . Were it joined with the executive , this union might soon be an over-balance for the legislative . For which reason , by the statute of 16 Car . I. c. 10. which abolished the court of Star Chamber , effectual care is taken to remove all judicial power out of the hands of the king 's privy council , who , as then was evident from recent instances , might soon be inclined to pronounce that for law , which was most agreeable to the prince or his officers . Nothing therefore is more to be avoided in a free constitution , than uniting the provinces of a judge and a minister of state . '' The hon . gent . then moved : —First ; `` That it is the opinion of this house , that it is highly expedient that the functions of a minister of state and of a confidential adviser of the executive measures of government , should be kept distinct and separate from those of a judge at common law . `` —Second ; `` That it is the opinion of this house , that those members of his majesty 's most honourable privy council , whom his majesty is advised to direct to be habitually summoned , and who are so summoned to that committee or selection of the said council , which deliberates upon matters of state , and which is commonly known by the name of the Cabinet council , are , and are deemed to be , the confidential ministers and advisers of the executive measures of government . `` Third ; `` That the so summoning to the said committee , or Cabinet council , a lord chief justice of England , to sit and deliberate as a member of the same , is a practice peculiarly inexpedient and unadvisable , tending to expose to suspicion , and bring into disrepute the independence and impartiality of the judicial character , and to render less satisfactory , if not less pure , the administration of public justice . `` —On the question being put on the first resolution , said , if he only rose as the 292 friend of the noble lord who was the object of this motion , and he was proud to enjoy that honour , he should return his thanks to the hon . gent . who had brought the subject forward for discussion . It was well known that this subject had undergone much discussion out of doors , where it had not been fairly considered . He admitted , that the objection to the appointment of his noble friend to the Cabinet , was one which was calculated to make an impression on the first view . But he hoped to persuade the house before he should sit down , that however plausible this objection might appear at first , upon being thoroughly sifted , it would be found to contain nothing real or solid . The object of the present motion , was to remove the noble person , who was the object of it , from the seat he possessed in the Cabinet . The whole tenor of the hon . gent . 's speech pointed to that end . And at a moment of the most unexampled danger and difficulty in which the country had ever been placed , when it was on all hands admitted , that all the wisdom , all the energy , and all the talents of the country should be united in its service , the first question that was brought forward was one for depriving the