abilities ? Will he contend that the addition of the learned lord 's political and constitutional knowledge was absolutely requisite to the Constitution of the government ? To the sound constitutional principles of the noble and learned lord , I beg to be amongst the first to bear testimony ; his presence in the Cabinet is certainly a circumstance which creates confidence and not distrust on my mind ; and were he there without prejudice to what I must deem duties of Superior importance , I should rejoice at his appointment . But , I can not persuade myself that his place might not have been supplied by others equally entitled on general constitutional grounds to my confidence , who appear to have been unaccountably excluded , whilst his lordship has been most unnecessarily included in bread of constitutional policy , if not of law.—If the appointment is pot sustainable on the grounds of necessity , it appears still less Capable of being supported on considerations of Policy and Expediency , —Can the right hon . gent . contemplate the judicial system of the country ; can he advert to the wise principles upon which it has been framed and improved ; the care that has been taken to render the situation of a judge not only independent of every influence and especially of that of the crown , but to consider them as a distinct order in the community , to which the nation might look up with unlimited confidence as solely and entirely devoted to the administration of justice , and removed from the political cabals or party struggles of the times Can he thus contemplate the dignified and useful situation of a judge acting within his proper sphere , and deem it either of slight importance or of little danger to call upon a chief justice , to descend from such an eminence for the purpose of involving himself in all the confusion and vicissitudes of political life ? What estimate the right hon . gent . is prepared at 330 this moment to form of the confidence or popularity which attaches to the present administration , it is not for me to surmise . But , whether he is disposed to feel more or less sanguinely upon this point , I am sure he has known too much of political life , to take for granted , that it may not in progress of time , and perhaps at no very distant period , become not only unpopular but odious . Why , then , in the eyes of the nation , are the character and influence of our First Criminal Judge , in short all his best means of doing good , to be unnecessarily embarked in the frail and uncertain fate of this or any administration ? Why is he to be thus exposed to all the jealousy , to all the hatred , to all the reproaches ( frequently most unjust ) , which those in high political stations ore doomed to suffer ? As long as he remains on the bench of justice , abstracted from such struggles , whatever errors he may commit , however he may find himself compelled to act in opposition to the popular feeling , his conduct will be regarded with confidence , and even his mistakes will be respected . All parties will concur in upholding him . But , let him once assume the character of a party man and a politician , let him once embark in the same bottom with the administration of the day , and he is immediately exposed to all the rancour , to all the fair censure , to all the illiberal and unjust reproach to which governments are liable . These popular prejudices will pursuit him into the courts of justice , and he will there find suspicion and crimination substituted for that confidence and reverence which attended on him while he was only a judge.—That the objection of Influence can not he dismissed from this case , will be obvious when we consider the high value attached by all men to a seat in the Cabinet .