of course all the responsibility of it . The house might be assured , that it was the intention of his majesty , without delay , to take measures for forming a new administration ] . repeated , that his objection was not to the absence of the chancellor of the exchequer , but that there was no person responsible for the application of the supplies to be voted . As to the observation of the noble lord , respecting the embarrassments , and public injury , that might result from any delay , that consideration would certainly have as much weight as it merited , when the subject should come to be fully discussed . What he intended to press upon the house was , that they should not grant the supplies until they knew into whose hands they were to pass , and who were to undertake the responsibility of their application.—The resolution was then agreed to , that the house should resolve itself into a committee of supply on Monday . The duke of Gloucester was sworn , and took his seat , on his accession to the peerage , in consequence of the demise of his father , the late duke.—The earl of Jersey was sworn , and took his seat on the same occasion.—Earl Darnley adverted to the notice he had given on a former evening , respecting the Additional Force act . Of that measure he retained the same sentiments of disapprobation , and which , in fact , were fortified by progressive experience . It was in the recollection 35 of their lordships , that he was the first who brought forward a motion for the repeal of that act . His intended motion , however , he was at present induced to suspend , in consideration of the state of public affairs at the moment . stated , that not being able to attend in his place on a former day , on which he had given notice of his intention to move for the thanks of that house to lord Collingwood , and the officers , & c. under his command , he had requested a noble friend ( lord Walsingham ) to move that the order for that day should be discharged ; and to state , that on the next day of the house 's meeting , he should attend in his place and renew his notice . In doing this , he trusted all their lordships would give him credit , that he could not , in the least , be actuated by any motives of disrespect , or the slightest abatement in a due sense of the inestimable and meritorious services of the noble admiral in question , and the gallant officers and seamen under his command ; on the contrary , he was highly desirous to bring forward the motion , on the first moment his avocations , or the pressure of important business would allow him . Under this impression , he then gave notice , that he should , to-morrow , bring forward his motion for the thanks of the house . His lordship then moved , that the lords be summoned for to-morrow ; which was ordered accordingly . begged to offer a few words to their lordships on the occasion . It had , he observed , been his intention to have given notice , for the first open day , of a motion similar to that of which the noble lord had just now given notice , if such a proceeding had not taken place . Motives of intentional disrespect , or a desire to do any thing unpleasant , did not exist in his mind . When he considered the situation which the noble lord had the honour to hold in his majesty 's councils , he was probably a more proper person to come forward on such an occasion than himself . His own motives , for what he had proposed to do , were of a two-fold nature : the first was , a conviction that it was incumbent on the country , on the very earliest opportunity