the abstracts of the men raised by the Additional Force bill ; and lord Henry Petty moved for an account of the penalties incurred under the said act.—Mr . Hobhouse presented a petition of the several creditors of the late Nabobs of Arcot , and parties to the articles of agreement hereinafter mentioned ; setting forth , that by certain articles of agreement , bearing date the 10th of July 1805 , made between the East-India company of the one part , and the creditors of the late nabobs of Arcot , of the other part , a certain fund is provided for the satisfaction of the debts of the creditors of the said nabobs , and for investigating the claims , and ascertaining the amount thereof , by certain commissioners named in the said articles of agreement ; and that all the objects of the parties to the said articles of agreement , as therein expressed , can not be effectuated without the assistance of parliament : and therefore praying , that leave may be given to bring in a bill for effectually carrying the said articles of agreement into execution , or that they may have such relief as the house shall think proper . '' Ordered to be referred to the consideration of a committee . moved the order of the day for the house taking into consideration the report from the committee appointed to draw up articles of Impeachment against lord Melville . He then said that he was unwilling to take up the time of the house , by entering much at length into the details of the report , which were already before them ; and , indeed , it would be unnecessary to do so , as he trusted , that the house , from what had 365 been submitted to them , would find no difficulty in sanctioning the new article of impeachment which he was empowered by the committee to propose . But notwithstanding the clearness and accuracy of the report , which had been drawn up by an hon . and learned friend , now in the house , ( Mr. Giles , ) it might not be improper to say a few words as to its substance , and the form in which the committee had brought it before the house . They had thought that the new information which it contained was so important , that it could not with propriety be withheld from the house and from the country . The grounds of crimination appeared so new and material , as to call for the addition of another article of impeachment . It now appeared that not only the sum of 10,000l . had been misapplied by lord Melville , as admitted by his own confession , but that he had possessed himself , at an early period , of very considerable sums , to the gross amount of about 27,000l . This money had not been applied to the public service , but for his own private purposes , and for the accommodation of certain traders with whom he was connected . When he retired from the office of Treasurer of the Navy , he went out a debtor to the public ; he remained a debtor during the short period of his retirement ; and he was equally a debtor to the public when he resumed that situation ; when he proposed the very bill for preventing the misapplication of the public money , he was a debtor to the public , and he continued afterwards to violate the very law which he himself had procured . Such were the facts which the report had disclosed . They might , indeed , have been brought forward by the committee , to substantiate the first article of impeachment ; but they considered that , by being mixed with other matter , they were in danger of being confounded or overlooked , and that , by being used in support of a new article , the evidence would be more direct and satisfactory . Besides , it might seem unfair to the person accused , were charges