; and , for this reason , I hope the delay will not be long . I understand that my noble friend has fixed on Monday to bring forward a motion on the present situation of affairs , whether in the shape now pointed out in his amendment , or , in a more general view , will be for him to determine . At all events , I hope that no material delay will take place , but that we shall speedily proceed to enquire into the causes of our present unexampled danger , 20 and the means by which the calamities that threaten us , may with the best chance of success be averted . said , that he fully concurred in the feelings that actuated the noble lord in postponing the discussion for the present ; and no expression , however warm , that might have fallen from the hon . gent . who had just sat down , should tempt him to depart from the course adopted by the noble lord , or to enter prematurely into the discussion . The hon . gent . seemed confident that he could substantiate the matter , which had been stated in the form of a charge by the noble lord against his majesty 's ministers ; but they were no less confident , that , whenever the question should come under consideration , they would be able fully and satisfactorily to justify their conduct . When the discussion should come forward , it would be the duty of his majesty 's ministers to state at large what they had to urge in their justification ; and until then he should abstain from entering further into the subject . He agreed with the sentiments so honourable to the noble lord , and which had been assented to by the hon . gent . who had spoken last , that the house could not enter into the discussion of this question , consistently with the feelings , by which it was then influenced , if the distinguished personage , who was so intimately concerned with its discussion , should be unable to attend in his place during the consideration or it ; [ a cry of no ! no ! ] He admitted , that if that distinguished individual should not be able to attend till after a period beyond which , from a sense of paramount duty , the noble lord could not put off the subject , it would be competent to him to bring it forward at whatever time his feelings of public duty might render it necessary in his opinion . He was sure , however , that the noble lord would make that time as distant , as his sense of paramount public duty would admit . Before he sat down , he felt himself bound to repeat what he had before stated , that whenever the discussion should be brought forward , his majesty 's ministers would be able to justify , most completely , their conduct and their measures . said , he did not mean to enter into the consideration of topics , which had been for the same cause avoided on both sides of the house . In the few words he had to say , he meant to confine 21 himself solely to stating his , entire concurrence with the sentiments expressed his hon . friend who had spoken last but one , and by his noble friend who had preceded . He agreed , that to enter into the discussion at present , would not be possible , conformably to the feelings which must prevail universally both house and in the country . It was impossible even for those , who had never known what it was to live in any habits of friendly or social intercourse with the right hon . gent . alluded to , not to feel that it would be one of the most painful tasks that could be imposed upon them , to enter into an adverse discussion on the merits of measures in which he was so deeply concerned , at a moment