of the late Nobobs of the Carnatic . That agreement had been correctly drawn ; and formally executed by the parties , and had received the sanction of the board of commissioners for the af- 739 fairs of India , where the law had placed full power and authority to superintend , direct , and controul all concerns and operations respecting the civil and military government , and the revenues of the company 's territories and acquisitions in the East Indies . '' The deed was in a constant course of operation , and the commissioners had long acted in the discharge of their official functions . Hence the object of the bill was not to solicit a parliamentary ratification of the deed of covenants , but to obtain stronger powers for the commissioners , in order to the more effectual attainment of substantial justice . With this view it was proposed to give to the commissioners a power to examine upon oath , and subject the person who broke it to the penalties of perjury . They were also to have a power of summoning witnesses , and calling for the production of papers , but they were not armed with the strong authority committed to the navel , and other parliamentary commissioners , because the commission , though of great public importance , was technically speaking , of a private nature . On this ground no compulsory process was put into the hands of the commissioners , but the enforcement of obedience , the punishment of disobedience , and the recovery of damages for a breach of the statute , if the proposed bill should pass into a law , was left to the ordinary course of the courts of justice . Although this enlargement of the powers of the commissioners was the great object of the bill , it was naturally considered , as an application was to be made to parliament , what other salutary provisions could be added . There was one , which as it fell to his lot to move the bill , it was his duty to explain to the house : it related to the transfers of the property of successful claimants ; that property , it was unnecessary for him to state , was but a mere chose en action , and therefore a vendee or transferee would possess but an equitable interest , and if he had occasion to sue for interest , or principal , must bring his action in the name of the original claimant , his executors , and his executors ' executors . The intended clause was to give the transferee the legal in addition to the equitable interest , and to vest him with all the rights of the transferor . It was proposed , also to protect the transfers , & . from fraudulent counterfeiting , by punishing the crime , not with death , as in forgery of bills of exchange , but with transportation ( as was not , he be- 740 lieved , unusual , where property far less considerable was at stake ) , or with lesser punishment at the discretion of the court.—The hon . gent , said , that his anxiety to possess the house of all the information on the subject , had led him into so great length . He had stated from the year 1784 , when parliament first established regulations respecting the debts of the Nabob of Arcot , the funds which had from time to time been appropriated for their discharge , and the effects produced by the successive treaties and arrangements ; he had shewn , and he trusted satisfactorily , the justice and propriety of the agreement which in July 1805 , had been made between the East-India company and the creditors of the late Nabobs ; he had , also , explained the grounds of the present application to parliament , and the leading provisions in the bill . He trusted that the decision of parliament , whatever it might be , would be speedy . The commissioners were unwilling longer to remain in a state of inactivity as