the quantum of punishment in cases where it is discretionary : and as in the infliction of line and imprisonment there is seldom any precise standard or any fixed principles to resort to , it is obvious that in no exercise of the judicial authority may abuse more easily prevail or ( which is hardly less mischievous ) will it be inure readily imputed.—The case of commissioners of the great seal , if not decisive on this subject , must at least be admitted strongly to mark the unwillingness which has prevailed to introduce common law judges into the Cabinet . Notwithstanding the expediency of having legal assistance there , and the reasonableness ( as already stated ) of allowing those who seal and execute acts of state to take a part in the previous deliberation , when the seals have been put into commission , none of the persons to whom they have been committed , not even the first commissioner , appear to have ever sat in the Cabinet . Lord Loughborough during the administration commonly known by the name of the Coalition Administration , was not a Cabinet minister , although so highly distinguished for public talents ; a circumstance which carries with it a strong presumption that common law judges , until they were understood virtually , if not actually , to have retired , were not considered as proper persons to be connected with politics , by being regularly summoned to such a council.—Being unable to sustain his argument either on the ground of precedent or analogy , the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Fox ) endeavours at once to get rid of the motion , by assuming that there is no such body known to the law or constitution , as a Cabinet council ; that responsibility can not attach to the individuals composing such a body , and that the constitution knows no responsibility except in those executive officers of the crown , who in their respective departments carry the king 's orders into execution . However it may suit the purposes of his present argument , I apprehend the right hon . gent . would have been very little disposed , when he was himself out of office , to listen with patience to such a statement from any minister of the crown . What 327 would he have said if my late right hon . friend ( Mr. Pitt ) had disclaimed all responsibility on account of the late confederacy on the Continent , referring his opponents to my noble friend in another house ( lord Mulgrave ) as being alone responsible for all such measures , with the addition perhaps of the lord chancellor who affixed the great seal to the treaties ? Would any minister have availed himself of so contemptible a subterfuge ? or would the house have endured such a doctrine ? Is not the Cabinet , in the modern practice of the constitution , as well known to parliament as if the existence of such a council had been an object of express legislative provision ? have not the members of the Cabinet been always considered by the country , and have they not always considered themselves , whatever may have beer their offices , or even if they sat then without office , both as individually and collectively responsible for the measure of government ? It may frequently be more difficult to establish the fact of participation in the guilt of any criminal measure against the minister who has only advised , than it Would be to prove it against the minister who has executed a measure , no other evidence being required in the latter case , than the order or instrument by which the criminal act has been either directed or performed . But the greater or less degree of difficulty which may attend the proofs of the fact , in particular instances , can not affect the general question of responsibility . When the commons impeached lord Somers , lord Halifax , and lord Oxford , on account of the Partition Treaty , neither the lord Treasurer , lord Halifax