not be able to sail with wind and tide , but : that I should have to encounter every thing that power , rank , wealth , prejudice , and talent , could throw in my way . These , though no slight obstacles , I was prepared to meet ; but I have met with others that I did not reckon on ; and as I hold the character and motives of an accuser as his fairest claims to confidence or reprobation , I must , sir , on the present occasion claim the attention of the house on my own account a few moments , whilst I state my motives and conduct ; this task once performed , I shall proceed in the way I have imposed upon myself , undismayed by numbers ; and hereafter the shafts of malice and slander shall pass by me like the idle wind that I regard not . 410 —Conscious of the rectitude of my own motives , I believed no man could dare to question them ; but I favour reckoned too favourably of human nature , and it was not without a mixture of honest indignation and surprise , that I found within the walls of this house , not only surmises as to the motives that stimulated me to stand forth as the accuser of lord Wellesley , not only have these motives been misrepresented , but others assigned , as ungenerous and despicable as they are unjust and untrue . No sooner did I repel the insinuation that I was in any manner or form connected with the nabob of Oude or with any potentate on the peninsula of India , and appealed to the noble lord ( Wellesley ) himself for the truth of the fact , than it was asserted I must have been injured by that noble lord , who must have thwarted some scheme of my ambition or interposed between me and the attainment of some favourite object . Now , sir , for the last time , I repeat in this house , that to lord Wellesley I have not nor never had , any sentiment of animosity personally , except that proceeding from the detestation of his conduct and principles , and it so happens from an extraordinary circumstance , that my character and the independence of my principles are better known to lord Wellesley and his private secretary , than to any other men in existence ; and if I felt a necessity of bringing any man to this bar to vouch for them , it would be that noble lord himself . On this subject I beg the noble lord under me ( lord Temple ) not to force me to be more explicit , for if that noble lord does not already know it , I could to him even ( prejudiced as he is ) 'unfold a tale , ' and to the house that would insure me the support and approbation of every liberal mind- in the kingdom , but with the declaration I have made , I shall rest satisfied for the present , disclaiming as I again do , any motives but those of a public nature for my conduct to lord Wellesley.—Last night an hon . gent . opposite to me ( Mr. Johnstone ) whom I am happy to see in his place , made a declaration that certainly excited my utmost astonishment , The annals of parliament and the voice of the country fully establish the fact , that that gentleman was the original accuser of my lord Wellesley , and although I certainly impute no improper motives to this seeming dereliction of sentiment on the part of the hon . gent . still I must certainly state this as one of the many unaccountable circum- 411 stances that have attended the investigation of the conduct of lord Wellesley.—The hon . gent . with whom spent many of the happiest years of my life , certainly never stimulated me to accuse my lord Wellesley , but as to the opinion of his guilty conduct there never was a difference of sentiment