not at all applicable to the constitution of this country , have had recourse to the authority of Blackstone , but being unable to find any theory exactly to answer the maintenance of their arguments , they have , I observe , endeavoured to pare down different theories , in order to suit their purpose : still however , they have failed . But with regard to Blackstone , I beg in the first instance to demur to his authority as a great constitutional writer . That the municipal law was laid down by him with uncommon perspicuity , and that he dilated upon it with great eloquence , I am ready to admit . His purity of style I particularly admire . He was distinguished as much for simplicity and strength as any writer in the English language . He was perfectly free from all gallicisms and ridiculous affectations , for which so many of our modern authors and orators are so remarkable . Upon this ground , therefore , I esteem judge Blackstone ; but , as a constitutional writer , he is by no means an object of my esteem ; and for this , among other reasons , that he asserts the latter years of the reign of Charles the second ( I mean those which followed the enactment of the Habeas Corpus act ) to have been the most constitutional period to be found in our history , not excepting any period that followed . Now , it would be inconsistent with all the principles which I have ever held , to regard such a writer as a constitutional authority , much less to look up to him as an oracle . However , the words quoted from this author by the gentleman on the other side are , I am prepared to say , quite misunderstood . When Blackstone says , that `` a judge should not be a minister of state , '' he means the word minister in the English sense , and not in the German , Italian , or French sense . He means , of course , that a judge shall not administer the affairs of government . But that is quite a diffe- 315 rent thing from the manner in which the gentlemen on the other side would have it understood or applied . The meaning of Blackstone , however , will appear to be palpably different from the construction of the honourable gentleman , when we look at the conduct pursued during those very latter years of the reign of Charles II . which formed the subject of his panegyric . It will be recollected that in the course of that period sir Wm . Temple introduced a bill for the appointment of a committee of privy counsellors , to consist of about 30 persons . This bill was shown to , and approved of by , lords Essex , Hollis , Cavendish , Russell , and all the best men of the day , and yet by this bill it was provided , that the chief justice of the common pleas should be a member of the proposed committee of council.—There is a case illustrative of the meaning of Blackstone , that recognizes a principle directly opposite to that which the gentlemen on the other side are anxious to establish ; and brought forward by sir Wm . Temple , who was scandalized at the misconduct of that government which Blackstone panegyrized . But it is clear that Blackstone 's meaning applied not to any thing like that which the gentlemen on the other side could infer . A judge belonging to the privy council , according to the sense which these gentlemen attach to the words of Blackstone , would incur blame ; and yet they disavow any intention of blaming a judge upon that ground.—So far as to the principle of the appointment complained of . I shall now advert to the practice . I am told that there is only one instance stated on my side ; namely , that of lord Hardwicke ; and the gentlemen are so good as to give