For the succeeding period , the greatest in which a statesman was ever called to act , I can not say , that he acted his part greatly . I do not judge merely from the event ; though the event , for the present purpose , might be all that need be considered . The French revolution was , indeed , a storm , in which vessels , the best formed , and conducted with the greatest skill , might easily founder : but , what I mean to say , is , that , in my opinion , the vessel was not conducted with the greatest skill , and that it is , in all human probability , to the fault of the pilot , that we are to ascribe our present fearful situation . This is no new opinion on my part : I must think so , if I think , as I have always professed to do , with the other great man that I have alluded to , Mr. Burke.—I think it necessary to say thus much , in order to free myself from a supposed charge of inconsistency , in denying generally , the merits of a minister , with whom , for a considerable time , I had acted . But all that would result from this denial is , that the parts , in winch I agreed , did not outweigh , in my opinion , those in which I differed . I have stated , however , already , that even in those parts in which I agreed , my agreement was only qualified . I agreed , as with respect to my hon . friends near me , from whom I totally differed ; but , as with respect to the opinion of Mr. Burke , I must be considered as widely differing . I repeat , that I feel it painful to oppose the motion ; but , I must say , that honours , of such a nature as is now proposed , ought not to be given hastily , from any momentary feeling , but from a full conviction on the part of each person who consents to them , that they are strictly merited , not by the possession merely of talents and virtues , but by great and essential services , rendered , and acknowledged to have been rendered , to the state . Can this be stated to be the case in the , present instance ? An hon . gent . ( Mr. Hawkins Browne ) has cited the flourishing state of the finances and commerce of the country , compared with what they were twenty years ago , as a decisive proof of what we owe to the eminent statesman that we have lost . But , woe betide us , if , in these times , we measure the prosperity 53 of the country by its riches . When hon . gentlemen talk of our riches , we must ask how long we can be sure of enjoying them ? 'Three thousand ducats a year , and but a year in all those ducats ! ' The prosperity of a country is to be estimated like a West-India estate , not by its annual produce , but by its fee-simple . What did any one think of the value of an estate in the West-Indies , at the moment when admiral Villeneuve was reigning triumphant in those seas ; and , till the illustrious hero , whose funeral we lately celebrated , had arrived to drive him back ? —My great objection to granting the honours now demanded , is this : it has not been the usage of this country , or of mankind in general , to grant the highest rewards , unless in cases where merit has been crowned with success . Of the many admirals who have been rewarded with the peerage , in every instance there was a certain share of success as well as of merit . If lord St. Vincent had lost half his fleet in the action with the Spaniards , or