, and dwindled into insignificance ; but the present was a period which called loudly for every degree of parsimony consistent with the public service . Neither ought the individual , who is the object of impeachment , to be loaded with one shilling of unnecessary expence . On all these grounds he opposed the motion of the hon . gent . contended , that it was unfair to contrast the trial of Mr. Hastings with that of lord Macclesfield , or to ascribe the great length of the former to the time consumed in the forms attendant on such a mode of trial . It was owing to very different circumstances ; to the variety of the charges brought against him , and the complicated nature of the evidence by which they were supported . It was a principle of the constitution , that all trials should be conducted in as public and open a manner as possible ; and surely , this principle operated with the greatest force in the case of an impeachment . It certainly could not be held so public at the bar of the house of lords , for there the space below the bar was so small that it would not accommodate the committee of this house . With respect to the expence , he believed it would be found less than gentlemen conceived . A great deal depended , in his opinion , upon parade and show ; as useful and salutary lessons might be drawn from the solemnity of the scene . As to the objection , of its inter- 545 rupting the course of business , he must observe , that if the trial was carried on in the house of lords , the judges must attend , and therefore the business of the law courts would be suspended in the same manner . said , that though he differed in opinion from the hon . gent . who had preceded the noble lord , yet he was not surprised at the arguments he had advanced . He had originally opposed the mode of trial by impeachment , and might therefore be consistent now in resisting a trial in Westminster-hall ; but to hear those who had preferred impeachment , from the consideration of the rank of lord Melville , and the nature of the offence with which he was charged , concur in the arguments of the hon . gent. , and opposing now the ancient and constitutional mode of conducting that impeachment , was rather extraordinary . The hon . gent . had said , that the trial of Mr. Hastings reflected disgrace on the house . He , for his part , was not aware of any such disgrace , though he had heard it had been attended with much inconvenience . The present case , he said , differed widely from that of Mr. Hastings . Here all the charges , and all the evidence adduced in their support , bore distinctly on one point . He contended , that if the house did not agree to the motion of his hon . friend , it would amount to declaration , that all the ancient and constitutional forms of impeachment were impracticable . The expence attendant on this mode of trial had been stated as an objection against it . It was not the expence of paper that might be consumed , or of benches that might be erected , but the want of those constitutional enquiries into misapplications of the public money , that could ever prove ruinous to the country . The danger of the country was great ; the danger which now impended over its finances would be the result , not of enquiries , but from neglect of attention to those constitutional prosecutions , which are at once the protection of the public , and the surest means of guarding its purse . The hon . gent. , had stated the situation of the noble lord as being peculiar . So indeed was the situation of the public . It will be my lot , said the noble lord , and arduous