administration . At all events , he was now fixed in his office by concurrent resolutions of all the lawful authorities of this country . That he ought to have fair play ; that his merits should be tried by his future conduct ; and that , on no account , would it be just to condemn the said sir George Barlow unheard ; with many other general topics of the same . Now , sir , I desire it to be observed , that though this gentleman 's name and merits have been repeatedly introduced in this house , they never were mentioned , much less have they ever been canvassed by me , either here or any where else ; and for a very good reason ; because I myself know nothing about him . In that question I have no personal interest or information , nor a concern of any kind . What I have heard of his conduct in office , from pretty good authority , is certainly not in his favour . My information comes to me , in various ways , from the India House , and nominally from some gentlemen in the direction , who , till very lately , made no secret of their opinion . Now I would ask the hon . director , a few plain and , as I think , parliamentary questions on the case in hand , if he will allow me that freedom . Do the court of directors , does he himself approve of lord Wellesley 's proceedings ? —of what part ? and to what 390 extent ? Or do they and he condemn those proceedings , without any saving clause , without a reserve or a qualification of any kind , excepting perhaps the second war against Tippoo Sultan ? If he answers this last question in the affirmative , as I am sure he will , I then ask him what was the conduct of sir George Barlow , who stood next to the governor-general , and was the first in his council ? Did he ever oppose or even remonstrate against any one act of lord Wellesley 's government , good , bad , or indifferent ? Did he not vigorously support , did he not heartily concur in all those acts ? Did this conduct of sir George Barlow entitle him to the approbation of his hon . employers , or did it meet with their severest indignation ? But now he is immoveably fixed in his high station , and we ought to look forward . I think so , not generally , but in this special case , because it will not bear a retrospect.—As I perceive that the motion made by my hon . friend is not to be opposed , I shall content myself with saying that I should vote for it on the same general principle on which I have always acted . And indeed , how is it possible , that this particular motion should he resisted ? The papers in question have been made public by the court of directors . They have been communicated to a general court of proprietors , and laid open to the inspection of every individual owner of India stock . Can the intelligence contained in such papers be called a secret ? Or is the house of commons alone unfit to be trusted with it ? Why , sir , a most material article in this intelligence is already in print . I have read this day in a newspaper , an extract of a letter from lord Cornwallis , dated the 9th of August 1805 , in which he tells the directors , that an enquiry into the state of `` their finances afforded the most discouraging prospect ; that , unless some very speedy measures were taken to reduce their expences , it would be impossible to meet with effect the contingency of war ; that the most burthensome and least useful part of the existing military expences arose from very numerous bodies of irregular troops , entertained at an expence of near 60,000l .