relinquished his intention of moving for those papers . Lord A. Hamilton immediately gave notice , that on Monday next he would move for the production of those India papers which the hon . gent . had , to his surprise , declined moving for —On the motion of Sir J. Newport , the order of the day for the 2d reading of the Dublin Paving bill was read ; and after Some conversation , in which lord De Blaquiere , Mr. Alexander , and Dr. Duigenan , took a part , the bill was ordered to be read a 2d time on the 1st of May . rose to request the attention of the house for a few moments , to a motion which had been appointed for this day , respecting the Sheriffs of Waterford . He hoped , that if it should appear , that what had been done proceeded from ignorance , or inattention , the house would be inclined to pass it over , and that lenity would be shewn to those who had been chargeable with the oversight . But he would also submit to the consideration of his right hon . friend , who had given notice of the motion , that there had been some difficulty in the interpretation of the act on the subject , and that the law as it now stood in Ireland , had been the subject of considerable doubt , and difference of opinion . said , that he was disposed to pay every attention to what had fallen from his right hon . friend . The act imposed a pecuniary penalty on the sheriffs , unless the return was made within 40 days ; but it was not meant to give them a discretionary power , to postpone their return of a member to the utmost limit prescribed by the law . Still , however , as some misconstruction of the act had taken place in Certain instances , he did not wish to bear hard on any individuals , who had not complied with what appeared to him the plain meaning of the act . The only question for the house to consider would now therefore be , whether it would be proper to amend the act , so as to remove every doubt , or whether a resolution of the house would be sufficient to prevent any such irregularity for the future . stated for the information of the house , that the sheriffs in Ireland had a power which was not possessed in this country . In the case of a return for a county member in Ireland , the two attor- 752 neys-general Of the different countries had given opinions diametrically opposite . This was enough to shew that considerable misapprehension existed on the subject of the act . said , it was clear that the penalty could not be levied , if the sheriffs made their return within the period prescribed by the act.—Mr . Fox then agreed to abandon the motion of which he had given notice . [ WITNESSES DECLARATORY BILL . ] The Attorney General having , moved , that the house resolve itself into a committee on the Witnesses ' Declaratory bill , said , that though in his opinion there was no necessity for the present bill , yet he would defer his Observations upon it till it had received those amendments which were likely to be made in the committee , and if therefore , he should not oppose it in the present stage of its progress ; but he could not avoid making one remark on the bill , which had with him considerable weight . The design of the bill was to enact that to be the law , which was the opinion of a majority of the judges . But it appeared to him , that 6 out of the 8 judges , who approved of the principle of the bill , intended to give a qualified opinion . They seemed to think there might be exceptions from the general principle . The present bill , therefore , seemed to ascribe to