company , annually , as a military subsidy ; and a new arrangement was made respecting the sum to be appropriated each year to the discharge of the Nabob 's debts . The marquis being convinced by the representation of the Nabob that his revenues were not adequate to so large an annual payment as 12 Lacs , in liquidation of debts , and being desirous of manifesting a spirit of forbearance , and an example of moderation , consented that only 6,21,105 pagodas should be annually applied in satisfaction of the claims of the private creditors only ; the debt to the company not being expunged , but left to future investigation , and to the arbitration and decision of the marquis Cornwallis himself : this reference was occasioned by some disputes in the accounts , which were not easy of adjustment . ? The next treaty which he should have occasion to mention , was concluded in July , 1801 , between Aseem ul Dowlah , the present Nabob of the Carnatic , and lord Clive , now earl Powis , then governor of Madras . By this treaty it was provided that the civil and military government of the Carnatic , and the full and exclusive administration of the revenues , ( with the reserve of a portion to be appropriated to the maintenance of the Nabob , and for the support of his dignity , ) should be vested in the hands of the East-India co. ; and that the 6,21,105 pagodas , as by marquis Cornwallis 's treaty , should be annually applied to the discharge of the registered debts . This treaty with Azeem ul Dowlah , though last in order of time , was first in point of importance , because it was the foundation of the arrangement in July 1805 , between the company and the creditors of the late Nabobs . What effect , said the hon . gent. , had been produced by the enactment of the statute of 1784 , and the several treaties which grew out of it , and 728 which he had here described ? With respect to the debt of the Nabob to the company , he was not called upon to enter into the subject , as his bill related only to the private creditors ; nor was the question at the present moment very interesting ; for whatever the debt might be , it must , in consequence of the superior productiveness of the Carnatic revenues under British management , be in a daily state of diminution , and at no very distant day be entirely annihilated . As to the effect upon the claims of the private creditors , the house will learn with satisfaction , that in May , 1804 , the registered debts were completely liquidated . The directors were however aware , when upon the conclusion of Mr. Davidson 's treaty , they ordered the participation of the 12 lacs to be confined to the 3 classes , which alone at that time had engaged their attention , and which after wards went by the name of the registered debts , that further sums were owing from the Nabob . In those orders they stated that , according to report , the Nabob had contracted further debts , and that if any of them were due to British subjects , their presidencies were to give no countenance to them until a full investigation had taken place ; a report had been made to the court of directors , and their orders had been received . In consequence of these directions , all persons were called upon to deliver their claims to a committee , who were appointed to receive and investigate them . This committee sat at Madras front 1785 to 1791 , and took into consideration all the cases which were brought before them . Their report had been sent to the court of directors : and it was for a more efficient investigation of the claims upon which they had reported , and also for the examination of debts subsequently contracted ; that the present arrangement had