been established . The hon . gent . said he was hound here to notice , that some of the debts contained in the report from the Madras committee had been discharged by the orders of the company . He particularly alluded to the new cavalry loan , called new , to distinguish it from the old cavalry loan , one of the registered debts . The new cavalry loan was contracted during the second Mysore war with Hyder Ally , which commenced in 1780 , and was advanced to the Nabob Wallak Jah , at a critical moment when the public service required it , for the purpose of discharging arrears of pay to his officers and troops , who were about to 729 break out into an alarming state of mutiny and insurrection ; so just were these demands , and so embarrassed were many of these creditors in their circumstances , that the court of directors ordered this debt to be discharged , in the same proportion as the old cavalry debt , out of their part of the twelve lacs of pagodas , leaving themselves at a future time to reclaim upon the Nabob . The sum thus paid , appeared by lord Clive 's treaty with Azeem ul Dowlah in 1801 , to have constituted at that time a part of the debt from his highness to the company . All the other unconsolidated debts were now to undergo a strict . enquiry . Some of them were contracted by the Nabob Wallak Jah , antecedently to the promulgation of the statute of 1784 at Madras , in Feb. 1785 , others by his highness subsequently to that period . Others were contracted after the year 1795 , when Wallak Jah died , by his eldest son and successor Omdut al Omrah ; others by the Ameer ul Omrah , second son of the Nabob , who died before his father . The Ameer had been prime minister to his father the Nabob , and all the property justly liable to pay his private debts , was , by a practice not uncommon in the native governments of India , seized by the Nabob . Hence to that amount the Nabob Wallak Jah was considered liable to the Ameer 's debts , and to that amount the fair creditors of the Ameer were entitled to the benefits of the arrangement now under consideration . The East-India co. being of opinion that to pay without distinction all the numerous demands before stated , would be wasteful and unwarrantable prodigality , and that indiscriminately to reject all , would be the grossest injustice and cruelty , many of the debts having been contracted for civil and military services actually performed , or other fair considerations , came to an agreement with the private creditors of the late Nabobs of the Carnatic , to set aside an annual fund of 3,40,000 pagodas , with interest from May , 1804 , the period of the extinction of the registered debts . This sum was first to be applied to the discharge of all claims approved in a manner which he should afterwards describe , and the surplus was to form a sinking fund for the redemption of the capital . That the East-India co. by the adoption of this measure , acted most honourably , most justly , and most laudably , would not , he believed , be denied . If the revenues were in the hands of the present Nabob , every gent . must allow that it would be for the honour and 730 dignity of his highness , and that it would mark the equitable disposition of his mind , to appropriate a part of them in discharge of the just debts of his uncle Omdut ul Omrah , and his grandfather Wallak Jah ; and the East-India co. , as grantees of the Nabob , were bound in honour to pursue the same course . So forcibly indeed was that honourable obligation felt by the court of directors , that they had not , as when the revenues were in the possession of the