of it himself . The noble lord might , in the present instance , act upon that precedent , but he was better pleased that the , transaction should wholly rest on legislative grounds . He therefore begged leave `` to move for leave to bring in a bill for removing certain doubts respecting the appointment of any person holding the office of auditor of the exchequer to the office of one of the commissioners of the treasury . '' With respect to the doubts , when they should come to the preamble of the bill , that expression might be struck out , if gentlemen should be of opinion that no doubts existed . declared , that no man in that house could be less disposed than himself to throw any impediments in the way of the noble lord 's appointment to the office in question : on the contrary , it gave him the highest satisfaction , when he understood the appointment was to take place , because he wits sure it would be a most efficient appointment : but with respect to the duties of that situation which the noble lord already held , and those of the situation to which he was recently appointed , no two offices on earth , in his opinion , could be more incompatible , nor could any thing be more incongruous with the spirit and meaning of the law which settled the usages of the treasury , than that the auditor of exchequer , avowedly and obviously appointed for the purpose of check and controul over the lords of the treasury , and other officers connected there 150 with , to prevent the improper issue of public money , should hold an office in which he was to be the check and controul upon himself . The statute of the 9th of William III . passed for the very purpose of recognising and establishing the ancient course of proceedings in the exchequer , enacts , that no money shall be issued from the exchequer , even by the order of a lord of the treasury , for any purpose whatever , unless such order be signed by the auditor of the exchequer , for without his signature such an order would be a mere nullity . This had been the practice in his own day , and he had witnessed instances where such controul had the most salutary effect , in preventing the improper issues of money . It bad been the uniform practice of modern times , to separate the offices of lord of the treasury and auditor of the exchequer , and this was the first attempt he had ever witnessed to conjoin them . The case of lord Halifax , he , by no means , conceived to bear out the principle . Lord Halifax was first lord of the treasury , and chancellor of the exchequer , when the auditorship became vacant . He did not then take the office to himself , but gave it to his brother . When afterwards he resigned his former offices , he sat down with the auditorship of the exchequer . As to the privilege of appointing a deputy , to exercise the controul over the very person who appointed him , and who also might dismiss him at pleasure , he should be glad to know , how the check required by the statute of William in this case could be obtained , as it was not very probable , that a deputy , so appointed , would be very strict under such circumstances . With respect to the case of Mr. Pelham , he was appointed a lord of the treasury in 1743 , and was not appointed to the auditorship of the exchequer till eight years afterwards , and then did not hold both offices together . The proposed bill , instead of removing any doubts upon the subject , for in fact none existed , nor could any thing be more clear and definite than the established regulations on this head , proposed to alter the whole course of the exchequer ; and therefore it