in the proportion of 17 to 20 , and would have entered in a much larger proportion had it been allowed by government . It had been reported by officers of experience , that in many of the battalions entered for limited service , they could have enlisted every man for general service , had it been permitted by government : and in one place the whole body of 350 men enlisted at once for general service , with the exception of one man , whom the officer dissuaded , as he had 11 children . One of the principle arguments against raising men in this way was , that it cost double bounty . He would admit the bounty was something higher for general than for limited service ; but if for the difference of 6 guineas per man , men were to be enlisted for life and general service , instead of temporary and local service , the difference would not exceed 120,000l . ; and this was a sum Which , in these times , it would be false economy to save , by foregoing so important an advantage to the service . But economy was not the principle upon which the plan of the rt . hon . gent . was opposed to this bill . It was said that by his plan , the men would be raised sooner than for general and unlimited service . He saw not , however , any great difference whether the men were raised in 3 months or in 6 , if they were but obtained ; and it was obvious from what had already been proved , that the difference between limited end general service had not such an effect in promoting or discouraging enlistment , as the rt . hon . gent . professed to think . He could not , therefore , discover any superiority in the plan he proposed , that could induce him to relinquish principle , the advantages of which had been already so long , so uniformly , and so recently experienced . The observations he had already made were probably sufficient to prove , that the plan of the rt . hon . gent . had no advantages that could Warrant the repeal of the present bill , or entitle that plan to a preference . But he begged leave now to offer a few observations upon its disadvantages : in doing which he 963 should confine himself to the regulations proposed by the rt . hon . gent . himself . And first , as to his proposition for enlisting men for a limited term of 7 years , and discharging them at the expiration of that term , even in the Midst of war . In support of this principle the rt . hon . gent . had stated the opinion of 14 military officers of experience , of whom , he said , 6 were for , and 6 against the principle , and 2 had given no decisive opinion whatever . Now , with deference to the rt . hon . gent. , the fact was not precisely so , if he himself was rightly informed ; for the question upon which the opinions of these officers were thus divided , was the general principle of enlisting men for limited instead of perpetual service : but on the subject of dismissing the soldier in the midst of a war , at the end of 7 years , or enlisting him upon any such condition , 11 out of 13 Were decidedly against it , and and 2 others , who had declared no opinion , might be fairly supposed to be against the principle also . He understood , indeed , that the military opinions of high authority , of no less a person than the great lord Cornwallis , and another experienced officer , were in favour of it for home service , and in times of profound peace . But with respect to foreign service , and times of war , the general opinion of military men was decidedly against it . The rt .