house ; but there were some parts of it , on which he did not mean to urge any discussion now , but should barely mention , by way of putting in his claim to investigate them on a future day . 581 He alluded principally to the manner of proceeding adopted by the noble lord , in moving the whole Ways and Means , before the estimates were before the house , or the supplies for those estimates yet voted ; particularly the items of the Army estimates . The noble lord might have made himself , by this time , sufficiently acquainted with the subject , by communicating with a right hon . friend near him ( Mr. Windham ) , to have satisfied the house . The estimates , when they should come forward , he hoped would be satisfactory ; but the circumstance was such a one as not to pass without parliamentary notice . On the arrangement proposed in the income-tax , he feared many difficulties would arise , extremely embarrassing and unsatisfactory ; but he was glad to find , that , in one respect , it was brought now again to that state in which it was first established when he had the honour of being a member of his majesty 's administration . Upon the appraisement tax , he felt that great and unexpected difficulties would arise , judging from the experience he had had of the frauds and evasions practised under the auction tax , which were of the grossest nature , and to an enormous amount . Nothing was more common than for the proprietor of an estate to put it up to auction , in order to find out the highest bidder , which done , he bought in the estate himself , pro forma , and afterwards sold it by private contract to the bidder before mentioned , and thus eluded the whole of the duty . repeated the statements he before made of estimates of the supply and Ways and Means , to shew that the latter did not exceed the former in the proportion mentioned by the learned gent . The tax upon appraisements , he said , would be raised by a stamp duty ; and , he admit-that the state of the auction duty was worthy of great consideration . The circumstance of first setting up things to sale , then buying them in , and afterwards disposing of them by private contract , he was sensible of being a great source of frauds upon the revenue . suggested , as one remedy for this , to deprive the principal of all right to become himself a bidder . He then once more reverted to the impropriety of voting Ways and Means beyond the supply , which , he said , was repugnant to the constitutional principle of not laying unnecessary burthens upon the people . He also suggested , that , as the exchequer bills 582 were , at present , very little productive to the revenue , the tax upon them should be deducted , at the bank , in the same manner as the tax on stocks ; which , he thought , was the only way of making every individual pay his just proportion . Lord H. Petty , in reply to the constitutional objection of the learned gent. , said he understood the true restraint to be , that the Ways and Means should not be applied by government before the supplies were voted . contended that they should not even be proposed to the house , till the supplies were known . admitted that the Ways and Means ought not to exceed the supply , but contended that the object was to prevent government from raising money by Ways and Means till the house had an opportunity of recognizing the necessity of the supply . The war taxes , as had been stated by the noble lord , were regularly voted for the service of the year . The surplus , if any , might be properly applied to different services ; for instance , to the sinking