action with his majesty 's enemies , that he had lost one of his limbs , and one of his eyes . These were among the services of his early life , when he was yet comparatively unknown to the country as a distinguished commander , and previous to those glorious and immortal victories which eternised his fame to all posterity . On all these more important occasions , to which extensive command and proportionate responsibility were attached , his powers and exertions appeared to grow and to increase , in proportion to the magnitude and importance of the service on which he was employed.—The late glorious action off 77 Trafalgar , the circumstances of which were so recent and so fresh in all their lordships ' minds , it was needless to expatiate on ; suffice it to say , that in extensive and important consequences , it exceeded every thing of the kind that graced the annals of the country . That glorious victory bore the same proportion in its magnitude , brilliancy , and important consequences , to the achievement at Copenhagen , that the latter did to the previously unparalleled victory of the Nile , and which , in fact , that victory did , in all those respects , to every other that preceded it . It seemed as if the energies of his mind , and the powers of his exertion , expanded , and progressively increased , on the respective occasions of those glorious victories , and in each of them he seemed to surpass what he had exhibited in the foregoing instance . The superior endowments possessed by the gallant admiral , were not to be considered alone as operating through himself ; his example and influence pervaded ail those who were placed under him in command ; his merits were not confined to that glorious energy he displayed in the heat of action ; the coolness and discrimination of his mind , formed a pre-eminent trait in his character ; his promptitude to make the most of every advantage that presented itself ; a most striking instance of which , and of unprecedented presence of mind , was manifested in his conduct in the critical and important affair at Copenhagen . These , however , were far from constituting the whole of his merits as an officer ; his breast burned with to pure , a noble , a generous love of glory , which was the main spring of all his heroic actions ; and he had the faculty of electrifying all those around him with a similar enthusiasm . No marks of ferocity or cruelty , which so often stained the laurels of successful victories , ever dimmed the lustre of his achievements ; but humanity and mercy were the characteristics of his glorious conduct after the hour of victory . His conduct in private life was equally admirable with that which he uniformly manifested in his professional career . All the virtues which could adorn human nature , were to be found in the illustrious Nelson . The attribute of mercy was what most eminently distinguished him . In the language of the poet , it was not his wish to `` Wade through slaughter to a throne , `` Or shut the gates of mercy on mankind . '' It was impossible the glorious example of such a man could be without a correspond- 78 ent effect on the character of others . In this way was to be considered the conduct of many of those who were placed under his command . The high opinion which the gallant lord expressed for that meritorious office , whose conduct was more regularly the subject of consideration that night , was equally creditable to both . On leaving this country , he expressed his satisfaction at the appointment of the noble Collingwood to the command ; and his perfect confidence in his skill , talents and exertions . He then proceeded to comment on the gallant and meritorious conduct of lord Collingwood , in the action off Trafalgar , and of which many of the most skilful of the