be too deeply felt to stand one moment in competition with an ill-timed parsimony . He thought it also necessary to say , with respect to Ireland , that a plan of general defence was indispensible for the security of that country , and was also in the contemplation of his majesty 's late ministers . It was certainly of the first importance to the safety of that that it should no longer remain in a situation in which an enemy , landing with an effective force , might march from one end to the other , unimpeded by a fortified post of sufficient strength to retard their progress . He therefore wished ministers might make up their minds to the necessity of a liberal expence to render that system fully adequate to the pressure of the occasion . He was ready to agree with the hon . general who opened the debate , as to the propriety of dividing the depots of ordnance and arms , and , in pursuance of this plan , a central depot had been formed , in which particular attention had been paid to an adequate supply of small arms and of ammunition fixed and unfixed . He had also the pleasure of informing the house that a train of artillery had also been added , fully manned and horsed ; but that the artillery for our navy , with its appropriate ammunition , was so ponderous as not to be very easy of removal , and therefore the principal depot still remained at Woolwich , with minor arsenals at Plymouth and Portsmouth.— He was sensible that this was merely a question on the Ordnance , but he would take the liberty , notwithstanding , of putting a question to the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Windham ) , though rather foreign perhaps to the subject . That right hon . gent . in answer to an hon . friend of his , on a former evening , had expressed himself 461 rather ambiguously respecting the Additional Force act . He had indeed admitted that it would form no part of the plan he was about to submit to the house ; but he had not stated explicitly if it was in contemplation to repeal this act . So much convinced was he of the good effects of this act , and so anxious for its continuance , that , should it not he repealed , he thought the suspension , however unpleasant , in the mean time , would be amply compensated by its continuance and vigorous execution . At the same time it became an object to know whether the bill was to be repealed or not , that those counties which had not conformed to its provisions might know in . what situation they stood . For , the moment this bill should be discharged , without some legislative provision for the purpose , those parishes that had not raised their quotas would be indemnified from the penalties incurred by the said act . This certainly would be highly unfair , and be doing an injustice to those counties that had fulfilled their duty . But if it was intended , in order to avoid this injustice , to make those parishes pay the fines they had incurred , it was but fair also to put them on their guard , and to let them know the penalty to which they were liable . This would also have the farther good effect of doing the bill that justice in the execution to which it was . entitled . The right hon . gent . therefore ought , not only to that house , but also to the public , to make a positive declaration of his intentions . The noble lord then proceeded to shew the strength and vigour which this bill had exhibited , notwithstanding the disadvantages under which it had laboured from the professed hostility of the present administration . Then adverting to the Voluntter system , he maintained it to be impossible that any thing like a volunteer , whatever might be the abilities of