that a governor-general might , for the salvation of the country , be obliged , in some instance or another , to violate the strict letter of the law , and yet deserve the thanks of the country . He had himself been 38 years a member of parliament ; he had heard almost every thing that had been said in that house upon the affairs of India , and had read all the documents that had been printed ; and he thought that no member was qualified to vote a censure on the governor-general for any particular transaction , without having studied very much in detail the whole system of the Indian administration , and the various treaties which were contracted with the native powers , and also the manner in which those treaties were observed by the native powers . said , that the particular appeal made to him , justified him in saying a few 800 words . As to the powers of the commissioners of controul , and the court of directors , he had , when the bill was brought into the house in 1784 , by Mr. Dundas , particularly , reprobated the absurdity and inconsistency which , even according to the present statement of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) it clearly involved . He was not talking of the law as it was now , but only mentioning what opinion he had given , when it was a bill . What did it enact ? Why , that the ostensible power should be first in 24 directors , next in three persons chosen from these as a secret committee , but that in fact it should be in neither . A controul might be necessary , and it might perhaps be proper sometimes to supersede the orders of the directors , but the absurdity was , that the secret committee , after giving one dispatch as that which they approved , might afterwards be compelled to sign one diametrically the reverse , and one which they abhorred . As to their protests , these were not known , and their authority was thus given to measures , of which , in the most positive manner , they disapproved . Hence the ruinous situation to which our India possessions were reduced , and the degradation of the court of directors . Now , as to the appeal to him , if he wished to be silent he might do as the hon . gent . did to whom he formerly alluded , ( Mr. Sheridan , ) that is , stay away while his duty required he should be present.— [ The speaker reminded the hon . gent. , that it was irregular to bring charges against a member who was absent. ] —Mr . Francis , in continuation , observed , that he charged him with nothing but staying away , he believed his opinions remained unaltered , and he would surely come sometime to support them . When the hon . gent . ( Mr. Paull ) consulted him about this business , he had rather discouraged him from going on with it . It would do him no good—but if he was satisfied with that reward which every honest mind must feel in doing his duty , he would have that and no other . He would experience desertion , —perhaps he could not say desertion , as he bad not teen encouraged , but he would not be supported , As to his own speech , it would not become him to say any thing in praise of it , but the more he thought on the subject , the more he believed what he there stated to ? be true , and he confessed that it contained charges of a very high nature . His right hon . friend ( Mr. Fox ) had approved of it , 801 and had declared it to be unanswerable . In that speech he never mentioned a wish to impeach lord Wellesley—but if that speech were unanswerable , he certainly ought to be impeached . It might be asked , why