never been able to persuade myself that there is any foundation for the apprehensions entertained upon the subject , and that if we suffer ourselves to be stopped upon considerations so perfectly gratuitous , there is nothing which might not be stopped . The same objections would apply to any other species of improvement that can be proposed.—Another mode of inducing men to enter is certainly open to us . It is by introducing a series of rewards ; a part of discipline you have too much neglected . The less you require of the severity of discipline , the more will men be induced to enter the service . There is nothing which has done more harm than severity of discipline , and its relaxation will of course reconcile people to the army . I would not here be understood to mean that corporal punishment should be wholly done away ; for there are some men of high and turbulent spirits who must be kept down by the fear of it ; but the discipline , may be rendered infinitely less rigorous . By this means , a better description of men will be induced to enter the army , and the better the men you get , the less necessity will there be for severe punish- 667 ments . Therefore , with respect to discipline , my own opinion is that to temper it would tend to the improvement of the army.—There is another , and a very material effect it would have : it would lessen Desertion . I would ask gentlemen on the other side , whether they do not know that the Desertion under their bill , the Additional Force Art , has amounted to more than one fifth ? Of 13,000 men raised by it , I believe it will be found that 2800 have deserted . What has been the desertion with regard to the general service of the army ? We know that the vicious system which led to our buying men by high bounties , has been as wasteful to the funds of the public as injurious to the service . We know that high bounties , combined with other bad regulations , have tended to produce Desertion . There is another objection urged against this change , which applies to this country more than to any other , because of our foreign and colonial service . I shall not be the person to say that it is not a consideration which ought to weigh of itself , and that in adopting the measure , the objection ought not to be provided against ; but it is so distant and especially with respect to a plan intended for permanency , that it is hardly worth attending to . The objection may be reduced to so narrow a compass , as to have hardly any effect . Expedients may be adopted within certain limits , by which the colonial service will not receive the least injury . Additional allowances may be granted to colonial services ; application of the men already enlisted ; additional advantages in various respects ; all these collectively will be so far found to narrow the objection , as that the value of it can not be set against the advantages in other respects . It is in that way only I dwell on the circumstance . The inconvenience can not be felt for a number of years to come . Unquestionably , if there were any of our distant possessions to which this objection could apply , it would be those in the East Indies . Now , we know that all the armies of the East-India company are recruited for a term of years , and for a very short term too . I have heard it said , that the East-India company did not keep faith with their troops , and I once was of opinion that there was some foundation for the assertion ; but I am now persuaded by what I have learnt from an authority on which I can rely , that my opinion was erroneous . I am convinced , that