is done in order to carry into effect the Additional Force bill ; that bills art posted up in shops and markets , inviting recruits to enter . This is what I call in unfair trade , carried on by persons unfit to be employed or trusted , and what I by no means wish to recommend.—We now come to the application of the principle I am inculcating ; and , first , what can be done to put the service on the best possible footing . The first plan that naturally strikes the mind is to raise your pay.—If you could raise the pay to 5s . a day , you would never want soldiers ; but , besides the objection to the expence , there is another which necessarily confines you within a more mo- 664 derate limit . You can not increase the pay to such an extent , without rendering the Army licentious ; and in proportion as an army is licentious , severity of discipline must be necessarily resorted to , and that severity would have the effect of deterring persons from entering . You are therefore , with regard to the pay , confined to narrow limits ; for you can not , as I have already said , have an army without discipline . It is also to be recollected , that military service is not a mode of life favourable to longevity ; but , notwithstanding , this consideration , recommendations in its favour are not wanting . There is an invincible sense of dignity in the profession of arms , which makes men assume it in spite of all the inconveniences attached to it . The service is one with regard to which you can reward men by distinctions . You have certainly invaded those distinctions , and , as far as you could in that respect , have done the service a material and almost an irreparable injury . Though you can not increase the pay ; though you can not take from the service those measures of discipline which deter the indolent from entering ; yet you have left sufficient means of encouragement to make the Army infinitely beyond what it is at present . Under the head of encouragements may be enumerated , provisions for old age ; provisions for persons disabled , which may be increased ad libitum ; various distinctions which government has the means of distributing , not in the way of pay . They have the means of giving whatever advantages they may choose , suited to the rank , situation , and condition of the party , There is one great head of encouragement to the service , which the system I propose admits of . It is one by which I think the temptation to enter will be increased to a prodigious extent , without any prejudice to the service , and very little inconvenience to the soldier . It is a measure which has been supported by many of the first authorities in the country . I mean that change of condition which will place our regular troops on the same footing with those of every other power on the continent . I propose that , instead of general service for life , they should be enlisted to serve for a term of years . This is time system of service in all the states of Europe except our own . I say of Europe , though a large proportion of our own force , the 100,000 men to which I before alluded , are engaged for a limited term . Those gentlemen , who cal- 665 culated on those troops , as equal , or nearly equal to regular troops , can not consistently make any objection to this alteration . It would be rather strange if they should contend that such a change in the term of service will destroy the character of an army . I admit there will be a difference , but that difference will arise not from limitation of service but from limitation of place , which gives them different officers who never can have