had been crowned with success ; and if life had been allowed him now , he had no doubt , but his great exertions , and the high estimation his character was so deservedly held in by all ranks and degrees of the people of India , that he would have achieved for his country brighter successes and more extensive advantages , than those it had already to boast of . Every action of the noble marquis seemed to have been so connected with the happiness of the people , that it had produced the happiest effect ; and he hoped we might , through his example , convince the millions there , who are subject to our sway , that we are able , and willing also , to rule with justice , and make those we govern happy . He thanked the noble lord , therefore , for having brought forward this motion , which had , he said , his warmest approbation . said , that if the noble lord had confined his motion to the conduct of the noble marquis in India alone , : either on his first or second visit , or to both , he certainly should not have had the smallest objection to giving Ins vote for any honours to his memory ; but , when he brought forward other subjects , and blended them together , as he had now done , he could not hut suppose that he must awaken in him , and many more hon . members , who had the same cause to feel as he did , the most melancholy and painful sensations . The noble lord had alluded to the peace of Amiens . For his own part , he could see no great merit in that transaction , nor any benefit accruing from it to the country , nor had he ever heard others speak of it more favourably than as an act of necessity . But when he went further , and alluded to the Union of Ireland with this country , he could by no means give a vote for funeral honours to the memory of a man , who had had so principal a share in that transaction , which he looked on as mischievous and fatal to the interests of Ireland . He felt this the more poignantly and deeply , when he recollected that the people of that country had , not long before , obtained a constitution , which was the wish and pride of their hearts ; which promised to make them a prosperous , an independent , and a happy people ; and which had , in fact , during the short time they had enjoyed it , done more than was expected . They had , since the union , experienced a very different system indeed ; a system the very reverse of what he had just mentioned , and which must , ere long , if that disastrous measure should not be rescinded by this country , prove , from its extreme expensiveness , altogether ruinous to Ireland . When he recollected also the , shameful and barefaced corruption , which was openly carried on , for the purpose of carrying that fatal measure , and which reflected the greatest disgrace on the justice of this country , and called to mind the high part the marquis Cornwallis filled in the scene of that transaction , he must oppose the motion , and thought no one could fairly blame him for objecting to it . observed , that marquis Cornwallis was one of the greatest characters , as appeared to him , that ever went from this country to India ; indeed his name was Well known , and greatly admired in every part of the world . He carried with him to India that for which his name will never be forgotten , a love 127 and a due administration of perfect justice , including moderation . With absolute power , he was rigid in the dispensation of justice , but never lost sight of humanity . He gave an instance of the