that a particular measure , and more especially the manner in which that measure had been conducted , had been exceptionable , he was therefore bound to undo it . There are , said the right . hon . gent. , many measures which may originally have been bad , and yet can not be remedied by a repeal of them ; and if ever there was a measure , the enactment of which is not connected with its repeal , it is precisely this measure of an incorporate Union . For , however objectionable the manner under all the circumstances under which it was carried , it is impossible to remedy any objections which might have originally existed against it , by its repeal . declared himself fully satisfied with the explanation of the right hon . gent . and again disavowed any other object than that of setting the public mind at rest on the subject . gave notice , that he should , on Monday next , move for the appointment of a committee to search for , and to report precedents of , the practice and proceedings of that house , in cases of indemnity bills with respect to witnesses in the prosecution of impeachments.—Lady 175 Nelson 's and sir R. Strachan 's annuity bills were severally read a third time , and passed.—Mr . Alexander brought up from the commons the bill for granting to his .majesty the sum of five millions , by way of exchequer bills , & c. ; which was read a first time . moved for a new writ for the borough of Knaresborough , in the room of lord John Townshend , who had accepted the office of joint paymaster of his majesty 's forces.—Mr . Creevey moved for a new writ for the borough of Aldeburgh , in the room of Mr. John M ` Mahon , esq . who had accepted the office of chief storekeeper of his majesty 's ordnance.—Mr . Vansittart moved for a new writ for the city of Waterford , in the room of Sir John Newport , bart . who had accepted the Chiltern Hundreds ; and Mr. Whitbread moved for a new writ for Stafford , in the room of the right hon . R. B. Sheridan , who had accepted the office of treasurer of the navy ; which were severally ordered accordingly . —Ordered , that the right rev . Robert Allott , dean of Raphoe , be requested to preach before this house , at St. Margaret 's church , Westminster , on Wednesday , the 26th instant , being the day appointed by his majesty for a general fast in this kingdom.—Lord Henry Petty moved , that this house , on its rising , do adjourn to Monday . Mr. Spencer Stanhope said , that before the question was put , he would beg leave to ask the noble lord for an answer as to a single fact , which he would state without any comment whatever ; and that was , whether lord Ellenborough , who is one of the privy council , was also allowed to sit and vote in that department of the executive government , which was in common called the Cabinet Council ? Lord H. Petty said , he had no hesitation in answering the question of the hon . gentleman , and to inform him and the house , that the noble and learned lord he had named as being one of the privy council , had also been summoned to , and had attended more than once , the sittings of what was commonly called the Cabinet council . A petition of the noblemen , and the humble petition of others the vestrymen of the parish of St. Mary-la- 176 bonne , in the county of Middlesex , was presented to the house , setting forth , `` that the number of men required to be raised in the said parish , under the provisions of an act of the 44th of his present majesty , intituled , an act for establishing and maintaining a permanent additional force for the