Cabinet council meet to advise his majesty in person . In the former case of meeting , it will not surely be pretended that any responsibility can attach to the proceedings of this council , or that any individual minister can incur censure for consulting them , the aid of whose counsels may be useful and necessary . And to whom should responsibility attach in the latter description of meetings ? To the agent , to be sure , who executes the plan resolved on . This I maintain , to be well founded . For if this committee of the privy council should order any project which did not meet my 313 approbation , and against which I should consequently protest , still if the plan were exceptionable , my protest would not avail to acquit me of the responsibility that would arise from the execution of it . This I take to be the general rule with regard to ministerial responsibility ; and every thing that has occurred different from this rule , I consider in the light of an exception.—In all the observations on the other side with regard to this subject , gentlemen appear altogether to overlook the privy council . They seem indeed to forget the existence Of that body ; for in talking of objects of ambition they confine themselves to the Cabinet council . But pray is not a seat in the privy council an object of ambition also , and is not the circumstance of being struck off from that body a cause of disgrace ? There may , to be sure , have been instances where such striking off produced no disgrace or mortification to the party concerned , but was felt rather as a source of pride . But yet , to say generally , that a seat in the privy council is not an object of ambition , and a removal from it the cause of mortification and disgrace , would be wholly absurd . Perhaps the desire of obtaining the seat is balanced by the fear of losing it , and this fear affords a guarantee for a privy counsellor 's performance of his duty . These counsellors are known to the law , and it is known that if any one of them should advise his majesty , he is responsible for such advice , whether he belongs to what is called the Cabinet council or not.—Having said so much on the subject of responsibility , I shall now go into the other points connected with this question . With regard to theoretical principles , the name of Montesquieu has been adduced . For this writer , as a general political philosopher , I entertain the highest respect ; but the application of his opinions to , or his clear comprehension of , the constitution of England , I am not disposed to admit . What Montesquieu chiefly insists upon , that has any relation to the point at issue , is this , that the legislative should be totally separate from the judicial legislative functions . But will any man attempt to apply this rule to the constitution of England ? Will you separate the executive government altogether from the legislative ? I hardly think that any proposition of that sort , is ever likely to be submitted to this house ; and sure I am , that none such would , or ought to be adopted . But Montesquieu says , that the 314 judicial ought to be separate from the legislative function . Do gentlemen mean to press the application of that doctrine to this country ? No , they can not , for the case of the lord chancellor immediately presents itself . Over this case , however , it has been attempted to pass , by the aid of a fine distinction . In order to favour the adoption of Montesquieu , and apply it to this question , it is maintained , that there is a material difference between a civil and a criminal judge.—The gentlemen who support the motion , not content with the theory of Montesquieu , which is