ripping open old sores , renewing ancient differences , and bringing on discussions which will be disagreeable to all sides of the house . With this view I will merely state , that as the hon . gent . in a general view of the whole administration of Mr. Pitt , thinks he has rendered the country such service as to deserve so signal a mark of gratitude and respect as that which he has proposed , I , on the other hand , taking his whole administration into view , and considering the state of the country as it came into his hands , and that in which he has left it , can not agree to acknowledge any service , and therefore must refuse my assent to the motion ; and I feel this , sir , so strongly , that if any one other gentleman thinks with me on this subject , I will certainly count out the house upon this question . was so completely convinced of the great and brilliant talents of the lamented object of the motion , that he could not content himself with giving a silent vote on the occasion . He most heartily concurred in the motion . said he had had the honour of a seat in that house , during the whole period in which the right hon . gent . whose memory was now proposed to be honoured with some signal mark of the approbation of the house , had presided in the administration of affairs . During the whole 44 of that period , he had supported all the measures brought forward by that right hon . gent . as best calculated to promote the essential interests of the country . It was difficult for him to point out any instance in preference of the eminent services rendered by him to the state . He bad raised the public credit in an unexampled degree , of which the house would be satisfied on his stating a single case . The public funds , when the right hon . gent . came into office , when the country was in a state of profound peace , without an enemy in Europe to apprehend , were not so high as they were at present ; after all the horrors of the French Revolution , and while the country was engaged in a desperate and expensive contest . [ loud coughing . ] He should nut detain the house longer from the question for which their feelings seemed to be impatient . Every gentleman would suggest to himself a criterion of the transcendent merits of this great man ; but , for his own part , he should , without entering further into the subject , content himself with the case he had pointed out , and conclude with applying to that great , that eminent , that admirable statesman , what had been said of Augustus Cæsar , `` that he found Rome wood , and left it marble . '' said , that it was not without very great reluctance , that he obtruded himself on the house for one single moment on this occasion ; a mournful one to him , as well as to every individual within those walls , and to the country at large . To the question , as proposed by the hon . gent . under the gallery , he should decidedly assent , so far as it related to those past services of the distinguished individual , whose loss they were all deploring , the value of which he had had the means of estimating , the eminence and splendour of which no one was more ready to admit than himself , and which it had been the pride and happiness of a great part of his life to have supported in that house . To more recent measures he hardly thought it necessary to advert , as they would probably be soon submitted to the consideration of the house , and on which neither he nor other members were as yet qualified to form a correct judgment . With this