ray judgment , all other matters should give way.— 669 I wish to allay the heats and animosities by which Ireland is distracted . The course proposed by my noble friend would announce to her , that parliament felt for and was occupied in the consideration of her situation . Such a proceeding would I am persuaded , in itself be looked upon as conciliatory , and be the means of procuring at least a pause and interval , during which , I entertain a confidential hope , that such measures would be adopted as would bury in oblivion all that has passed . I keep my word with the House , and abstain from all argument on the question before us . If the motion of my noble friend is to be rejected , we must submit ; but my noble friend and those who vote with him , will hereafter stand absolved in the eyes of the world from all responsibility with respect to the fatal consequences which may arise from the continuance of the discontents and distractions by which Ireland is at this day so unhappily divided . in voting for the motion , declared he had no intention to criminate ministers , but to consider the claims of the Catholics , which were essentially connected with the safety of the empire . founded his vote on similar grounds . made a brief reply ; in the course of which he observed , that it had been alleged , that the motion he had submitted to the House had been brought forward to serve some political purpose or party view . He knew not what was meant by this insinuation , but , if an ardent wish to promote conciliation , and to unite the hearts of all descriptions of persons in a general affection to the state , was a political view , was a party purpose , be was proud to admit the charge . 671 presented a Petition from the Merchants , Traders , and Manufacturers of the town of Greenock , setting forth , `` That , while the petitioners have no desire to trench on the substantial rights of the East India Company , they beg to submit to the House , that there appears a field , worthy of the national exertion and industry , to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope , and westward of Cape Horn , in the exclusive privilege of that company , which might be rendered productive of advantages that have not hitherto arisen out of it ; and that , to enable the British merchant to meet in fair competition neutrals and foreigners in their own and other markets , to which they carry the products of the countries to the eastward of the Cape of Good Hope , and the westward of Cape Horn , and to allow these products , without being first landed in the United Kingdom , to be transported to the British West Indies , the colonies of America , and all other countries whatever in America , Africa , and Asia , and in Europe , south of Cape Finisterre , and within the Mediterranean , the House must perceive that the navigation laws will require to be revised and amended ; and that the exclusive commercial privileges granted to the South Sea company , which may operate to the interruption of the trade proposed , should be distinctly removed ; and praying the House to take the same into their consideration , and to grant such relief therein as to them may seem meet . `` —Ordered to lie on the table . wished to ask the right hon . the Secretary of State , whether it was the intention of the government to lay any information before the House with respect to the disturbances which had for three months scandalized the country , and still continued to do so , or whether any inquiry was to be set on foot with respect to them ? agreed that the proceedings alluded to by the hon . gent , were such as scandalized the country ; he