of education in Ireland , which was at present under the consideration of the Board of Education in that country . The schools for which he had proposed this grant were founded by charter , and it was impossible to apply the system alluded to by the hon . gentleman , to them , scattered as they were over the kingdom . He wished very much that the hon . gentleman had read the Report of the Commissioners of Education upon these charters : he would then have seen how inapplicable this new system was to them . said , he had merely thrown out the suggestion for the consideration of the committee , and was still of opinion that much benefit might be derived from the adoption of the new plan of education . said , he considered the sum as being very large for the number of children educated ; and it appeared to him to be a subject well worthy of consideration , whether the money could not be laid out in a more advantageous manner . said , he really was surprised at the observation made by the hon . gentleman . He did not expect to find that at this day it would have been made a matter of discussion , whether the Protestant charter schools in Ireland were beneficial or not : he had never before heard a doubt expressed upon the subject . He had the pleasure of seeing in his place one of the most respectable members of the Board of Education ( Mr. Grattan ) , and he would appeal to him for an opinion respecting these schools , and the manner in which they were conducted . He could not avoid again expressing a wish that gentlemen had read the reports of the Board of Education respecting these schools , of which there were ten or eleven before the House . said , that having been referred to by the right hon . gentleman , he rose merely to observe , that the commissioners of education in Ireland had made an extremely good report ; but it was not within the purview of their commission to suggest or follow up any new plan for conducting the charter schools in a way differing from their original institution . He must say , however , that since the report of the commissioners of inquiry in 1788 , these schools were very much improved , both as to the health and cleanliness of the children ; and that it was much better to make ample provision for their maintenance , than to defeat their object by a parsimonious one . The price 1224 of provisions had been greatly on the increase , the buildings also of the charity had been greatly improved , and these circumstances sufficiently justified the in-creased vote , both of the preceding and of the present year.—Agreed to . then moved , that the sum of 600l . be granted for the Commissioners of Charitable Donations . did not rise to object to this grant , but could not avoid saying a few words upon some of the proceedings of these commissioners . They had thought it proper to interfere with bequests of Catholics , and had prevented them from being carried into execution ; an instance of which had occurred in the city he had the honour to represent . A Roman Catholic lady had bequeathed a considerable sum for charitable purposes , but the commissioners of charitable donations had thought proper to interfere , and to prevent the will from being carried into execution ; the consequence of which was , that several poor widows , who under this will were to be furnished with an asylum , were now actually begging their bread . The board of charitable donations was composed of the archbishops , bishops , judges , and some others , and he did not by any means wish to question their respectability , but he thought it unfortunate that they should thus interfere with the bequests of the Roman Catholics . begged to trouble the House for a few moments , in consequence