sat on the other side of the House . The first of those measures was the blockade of 1806 , which was imposed by Mr. Fox , and which was at that time loudly complained of both by France and America . The authors of the Order in Council for the blockade of 1807 , only acted upon the principle which had been strongly , and , as they conceived , properly laid down by their predecessors , and followed , in this respect , their example . He thought the gentlemen who supported the original measure in 1806 , ought not now to be the persons to raise their voice against the justice and the policy of the measures since pursued . He should be at all times ready to maintain , that they were consistent with justice and policy , and with the relation which states bear to each other , in the extraordinary circumstances in which the world is placed at the present moment . When the hon . gentleman talked of mercantile distress , and attributed it all to the Orders in Council , he begged the whole question . He must positively deny that it was occasioned by those measures : on the contrary , it was owing to them that the distress was not much greater . It was to what was called the continental system that this mercantile distress was owing ; and this system had been much controlled and checked in its progress by the Orders in Council . As the hon . gentleman had professed not now to enter into the argument of the justice and policy of those measures , he should also content himself with just glancing , as he had done , at the reasons which made him consider them neither unjust nor impolitic . He 780 deprecated hostilities with America ( if they could be avoided ) as much as any man ; for he agreed with the hon . gentleman , in believing , that the true prosperity of America would produce the prosperity of Britain ; and that there were much greater advantages to be derived from the wealth of America , in a friendly commerce , than could be expected from provoking her to war . Under these impressions , he thought that peace should be maintained and preserved as long as it could be maintained and preserved , without abandoning those maritime rights which this country had always claimed and exercised . But although he saw great evil in a war with America , yet he could not conceive it an evil of so great a magnitude as it appeared to the hon . gentleman who looked to it as likely to produce the certain ruin of the British empire . No one circumstance would be found in all the papers between America and France , which shewed the least intention of diminishing in any manner the real eftect of the Berlin and Milan decrees . The continental system was to be preserved in all its force , and there was not to be the slightest relaxation , in favour of this country , of a single point of it , even if this country should consent to abandon the Orders in Council . He would refer the hon . gentleman to a letter which was then in his hand , from Monsieur Tureau , the French minister to the American government . In this letter the French minister told America , `` that it was to be clearly understood , that France could not consent to alter that system of exclusion adopted by all Europe against the commerce of Great Britain ; the wisdom and policy of which system was already developed in its effects upon the common enemy . '' It then appeared , that if America were to release herself from the operation of our Orders in Council , she was to be consenting to and assisting in the plan for the complete exclusion of our manufactures and colonial produce from every part of the continent of Europe . This being the case , he would wish to know upon