dispassionately examines the grounds upon which this decision can be supported , they will give their judgment in favour of them , and against the government . However absurd the opinion of lord Fingall may appear to the right hon . gentleman , that the plan of a committee was more fit to secure the public peace , than one great aggregate meeting , or several county meetings , I think that that opinion was founded on the best of reasons , inasmuch as in such a committee , ' there would be so much more information , so much more temper , so much interest in . the quiet of the country , than there could possibly exist in an aggregate meeting or in county meetings : —that their proceedings would necessarily be more wise , more moderate , and more consistent with the peace and tranquillity of the country , than it is likely the proceedings ' would be of these other descriptions of meetings . It is quite undeniable , that the object of acquiring an accurate acquaintance with the real sentiments of the Catholics , could in no way be so well attained ; and under the present circumstances of the times , this is no small justification 629 of the plan . But here , let me make one observation in respect to lord Fingall . It seems to roe , that the right hon . gentleman should have been the last person to make such animadversions as he has made upon that most respectable nobleman . The House can not forget the anger and indignation with which he expressed himself , when he complained of attacks which had been made upon him in another place ; and of the earnestness with which he urged the injustice of such attacks , upon a person who was necessarily absent , and had no means of repelling them . With what colour of justice , then , can the right hon . gentleman support his conduct in attributing to lord Fingall those various offences , which he has attributed to him so profusely , in the course of his speech . Lord Fingall , who is barred of his right to defend himself in his proper place in parliament , by those laws which the right hon . gentleman will not consent to repeal . But , Sir , besides these reasons which I have given , to show the Catholics were warranted in appointing a committee of delegates , there existed the authority of established usage and acknowledged precedents to direct them . The right hon . gentleman has exclaimed , `` This committee is not like any other committee , '' and he has also arrogated , to himself , but with what justice we shall soon see , a knowledge of Irish history superior to that possessed by any other member . Why , Sir , this knowledge of the right hon . gentleman can not extend back as far as for the last twenty years , or he could never have hazarded so unfounded an assertion ; for , in the year 1792 , a committee of delegates was convoked and assembled , under circumstances and forms much more resembling the forms by which we are brought together , than those by which it was proposed to elect the committee of 1811 . In respect to the committee of 1792 , I wish to draw the particular attention of the House to this historical fact ; that in the circular letter which was sent throughout the Catholic body , calling upon them to elect delegates , there is this passage to be found , `` We have the first authority for asserting , that this application '' ( a petition to the King ) `` will have great weight with our gracious sovereign , and with parliament , if our friends are qualified to declare , that it is the universal wish of every Catholic in the nation . '' If the right hon . gen- 630 tleman will enquire how this passage found its way into this letter , he will learn