, as our court was then , in their estimation , superior to that of the other nations of Europe . When lord Elgin left Constantinople , the palace was not finished ; the building , however , was considerably advanced ; the outside walls and some of the inner walls having been erected . His lordship was succeeded at Constantinople by Mr. Drummond , who disliked the residence in that country so much , that he wrote home to be recalled , and therefore did not take upon himself the trouble or responsibility of finishing the palace ; he , however , had it covered over , leaving it to future ambassadors to complete it . Such was the stale of the palace when he ( Mr. Arbuthnot ) was appointed to the Turkish embassy . Upon his arrival at Constantinople he learnt from Mr. Stratton what was the actual state of the palace , and he was informed by biro , that it must immediately be completed , as there was not any other residence even fit for a minister of the lowest order to reside in . Under these circumstances he felt it to be his duty to write to lord Harrowby , then Secretary of State for the foreign Department , for instructions how he was to act . His lordship gave him discretionary powers , it being impossible on account of the distance of the two courts to give precise directions ; but his lordship desired , however , that the government might be apprized and consulted before any large expences were incurred . As he found that a large sum would be necessary , he wrote home to lord Mulgrave , who had succeeded lord Harrowby , and stated that , in order to save the public money , he intended to sell a part of the ground , though it would be injurious to the view of the palace , and he did actually agree to sell a part for 3,000l Lord Mulgrave sent him directions to complete the building of the palace . Soon after the arrival of these instructions from lord Mulgrave , he was informed of a circumstance of which he was not before aware , viz . that as the ground had been purchased by the Porte for a British palace , it would probably give offence if any part of it were sold , this induced him to apply to the persons to whom he had agreed to sell the ground , and to request that they would restore it to him , which of course increased the expence . Under these circumstances he 723 proceeded with the building , which certainly was upon a very extensive scale ; but he was not responsible for its size , as it had been begun , and the walls as he had already stated , had been built by lord Elgin . He would now state the different sums which he had drawn for on this account—he would state the details if the House thought it necessary . [ Here there was a cry of no , no ! ] The sum drawn for was large , but as the building was immense , as large he believed as was ever inhabited by a private individual , he trusted that the House would not think that the expence had been extravagant . His hon . friend opposite to him ( Mr. Adair , ) who had seen the palace , would , he was confident , confirm this part of his statement , and would satisfy the House that the expence incurred in the decorations or furniture was not greater than was absolutely necessary . In addition to the expence of building the palace , was that of furnishing ; and he was obliged to procure the chief part of the furniture from this country . The sum necessary for this purpose ( the expence of carriage and freightage being very great ) amounted to 5,817l . The vouchers for every shilling of these sums were deposited in the foreign office . He begged leave here to state , that