of State entitled to his particular thanks , for having so manfully stepped forward to obtain for his fellow-soldiers the proudest reward of their exertions . also heartily concerned in the motion , conceiving there could be no doubt that in this instance the thanks of the House were most justly due , and as a connection of lord Minto , he returned thanks to his noble friend the Secretary of State , for the liberal manner in which he had appreciated the services of that noble lord . considered himself bound in honour to declare , that , since he had sat in that . House , he had never heard a more manly , generous , and statesman-like speech than that delivered by the noble Secretary of State , it did him great honour ; and with that feeling , he would not delay the House by useless observations . He had himself frequently recommended to the House to be sparing of their votes of thanks , as it was the highest honour which could be conferred on an individual ; and he asserted that opinion the more willingly at a moment when he most heartily concurred with the motion , than when he was reluctantly forced to oppose that reward being bestowed on otherwise meritorious services . But the thanks of the House were not to be the reward of easy victory , however useful ; difficulties overcome would alone entitle the conquerors to those thanks . But , in the present case , as the noble Secretary of State had justly observed , success was not only the result of wisdom , prudence , and discretion , but also of courage and resolution . Success had been , in a great measure , owing to the noble resolution of the governor-general of India , to assume an awful responsibility , when every thing seemed to combine to deter him ; and , in spite of all those disadvantages , he did not hesitate to step forward to serve his country . His lordship would even go further than the noble secretary of state , who had said that by custom , military and naval services seemed entitled exclusively to the thanks of the House ; he thought political services of such a nature were eminently deserving of that high reward , but it would be invidious if the officers who 131 had concurred in those noble achievements , were not included in them . Here the noble lord briefly adverted to the services of the officers employed in the various expeditions , but observed that it would be only waste of time to detain their lordships , as he not only concurred heartily in the motion , but also professed that the noble Secretary of State was entitled to his acknowledgments , for having so ably made out a case in which the thanks of the House were most legitimately due . then moved the thanks of the House , in the usual form , to lieutenant-generals Abercromby and sir Samuel Achmuty : to vice-admiral Albemarle Bertie and rear-admiral Stopford : to major-generals Henry Warde and Augustus Wetherall ; and all the officers , both European and natives , employed underthem : to commodores Broughton and Rowley . He also moved , That the House do approve of the conduct of the non-commissioned officers and privates , and seamen and marines , employed in those expeditions.—All these motions were agreed to , nem . con . , in rising to move the Thanks of the House to the different persons for whom he should propose them , thought it necessary to state , that though , undoubtedly , the recent great and glorious exertions which had led to the conquest of Java , would most particularly call for notice , yet it would not be just to the persons concerned , if the House were to take so narrow a view of the subject , as to confine its attention to that achievement alone . To the conduct of the governor-general of India he should particularly call their attention . To the wise and well arranged