present motion , he was by no means dissatisfied with him ; the appointment of the Committee was all he desired . He did not feel inclined , in the smallest degree , to oppose the right hon . baronet if he proposed the Committee , as it originally stood , with the exception of any members who might be out of town . With respect to the statement , that part of the Report appeared to be founded on evidence of a later date than the Report itself , he was extremely sorry the Chairman of , the Committee was not present , who , of course , was more competent to explain the matter than he was . But , certainly , it did appear , that some discretion had been given to the Chairman , in drawing up the Report ; and , documents had been furnished at a period when some clerical error might have been committed . He had nothing further to state , than that he was very willing the right hon . baronet should share in all the fame and all the glory of the measure . said , there certainly had been an understanding that those papers which came in , when the Report was in a state of forwardness , should be then examined . It was not of that he complained ; but of the introduction of a , new principle , an endeavour to account for the defalcation in the revenue of Ireland , from accidental and temporary causes . As to the members of the Committee , he would propose no alteration from last session ; with the exception of 107 two names , and those he wished to be excluded , as they had not attended the Committee once during the last session , and were at present out of town . As he wished the Committee to be active and efficient , he would propose the hon . member for Cork ( Mr. C. Hutchinson ) in the room of Mr. Maurice Fitzgerald ; and lord A. Hamilton , in the room of Mr. Leslie Foster . Both the individuals he had named were deeply interested in the researches of the Committee . Indeed , he conceived , the hon . member for Cork ought to have been on the Committee originally . observed , that the substitution of the hon . member for Cork , in the place of another gentleman from the same part of the United Kingdom , could not be objected to ; but he could see no good reason for placing the noble lord , who represented a northern part of the kingdom , in the room of Mr. L. Foster . said , his wish was to have gentlemen , from every part of the kingdom on the Committee . He then proposed his Committee , which was the same as that of last session , with the exception of the hon . member for Cork , and lord A. Hamilton . objected to the nomination of his lordship . He considered that the right hon . baronet had no right to arrogate to himself the exclusive privilege of nominating the members of the Committee . He had already introduced one new name , and , certainly , it was not just , that the second should also be of his proposing . He had no objection to let the Committee stand as it originally did ; and , when he considered that that Committee had given the most general satisfaction , he thought it was hardly reasonable that any alteration should be made . If , however , it was thought expedient that a gentleman connected with North Britain should be on the Committee , he would propose Mr. Houston , member for Glasgow , as a very fit person . denied that the nomination of the Committee was with him . It was exactly constituted as proposed by the right hon . gentleman last year , with the exception of two names ; therefore it was he who bad the nomination . It was his wish that members