not of consequence , and did not materially alter the substance . He thought it right , however , to state , that he did not authorise the publication , and how the letter and the answer found their way into the public prints he knew not . He , however , fully concurred in the sentiments expressed in that answer , conceiving them to be those which it was his duty to concur in declaring . said , the noble lord had his thanks for bringing this important subject before the House , but he wished , for the sake of convenience , that an earlier day could be fixed upon for the discussion . mentioned Thursday the 19th instant , which was agreed to , and the Lords were ordered to be summoned for that day . rose , and after a few prefatory 1253 observations , entered into the origin and nature of the provisions of the law , as it now stood , respecting marriages contracted without the due consent of parents and guardians . He stated , that in consequence of many scandalous abuses prevailing at the period of the existing enactments , the other House of Parliament had directed the Judges to prepare a Bill for the purpose of remedying the evil . It could not now be alleged that the same grounds existed for continuing , as there undoubtedly were originally for making the provision to which his motion would refer . The hon . and learned gentleman then gave a representation of the act , as it affected illegitimate minors and orphans , without guardians legally appointed . He stated it to be his intention not to extend his proposed remedy to Ireland , nor to persons already married . He concluded with moving for leave to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act commonly called the Marriage Act , of the 26th Geo . the second.—Leave granted . had not apprehended , when he first gave notice of this motion , that it would meet with any opposition ; but as he now understood it would be resisted by the right hon . Secretary of State for the Home Department , he begged leave to state the grounds of his motion . The two circumstances to which he wished to call their attention , were the extended practice of admitting convicts into the military service of the country , and the greatly increased number of free pardons , The House would recollect that an hon . general had lately stated in that House that upwards of 143 persons lately discharged from the hulks had been admitted into one regiment . He was ready to agree , that this was a practice which , in certain cases and to a particular extent , was perfectly justifiable . His , complaint was , that there had evidently been an unwise and indefensible excess , and a total negligence in the exercise of the prerogative of the crown in this respect . Was the right hon . gentleman acquainted with all the circumstances of the individual cases in question ? had he inquired into the particulars of the offences and characters of the persons pardoned ; or had any reference been made to the judges who tried them ? He knew from the right hon . gentleman himself , that none of these 1254 things had been done . He knew from his own confession , that all had been done on the mere report and representation of Mr. Graham , who though a highly respectable person , it was to be recollected held the office of superintendant of the Hulks , and who visiting the hulks merely about once a quarter , necessarily acted on the information of others . It was , therefore , for the House to consider , whether this description of persons was such , as that their representations formed a proper ground for inducing that House to sanction this unprecedented exercise of the executive authority . The question was not less connected with the administration of our penal law , than with the probable effects