the parish poor . These assertions the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had not attempted to deny , and it remained a miserable sample of the fruits of that mistaken policy , which he and his supporters had from the beginning maintained . The fact ' spoke for itself , and could not be controverted by the statement of figures to which the right hon . gentleman bad resorted.—The last question he had to put , and to which he thought the House required an answer , was , whether it were the intention of government to propose the renewal of the Charter of the East India company , during the present session ? If satisfactory replies were not given to these interrogatories , he should feel himself bound to vote against the motion proposed . was of opinion , that , if the report of the committee how proposed were not very different from their former statements laid before parliament , little or no useful information relating to the question of the renewal of the Charter would be obtained from it . It was true , as had been said , that these reports had produced some beneficial effect , but only to the East India Company , since upon them two loans to that Company of 1,500,000l . had 683 been founded ; but they comprised no opinions regarding the great question of policy , and no examinations of persons , who , from local knowledge , could throw the faintest light upon the subject . One hon . gentleman on the other side of the House had stated , that the Report was prepared , and that it only waited the appointment of a committee , before it should be laid upon the table . If such were the fact , it would be a mere farce to accede to the motion proposed , since a committee of the House was not to be degraded to an office that a messenger could perform , that of bringing the Report into the House . With regard to the receipt of the property tax , it might be very well to compare figures with figures , the account of one quarter with the account of another ; but , as statesmen , it was most fit that other matters connected with them should be taken into view ; such as the misery occasioned by it , the calamities actually existing , the surcharges after surcharges , without cause , and the appeals after appeals , without redress ; all creating distresses , the picture of which , however melancholy , could not be exaggerated . hoped , if there should be any intention of opening the trade to India , that a more liberal arrangement would be made in favour of Ireland upon this head , than the one which now existed . said in answer to the first question that had been put to him , that he bad every reason to believe that a report would be soon ready to be presented , and was already in considerable forwardness . The noble lord appeared to think it extraordinary that such a report could have been prepared before the committee was appointed . This was , however , the practice in ail other committees . Some persons who possessed the best information on the subject always drew up a report first , which they submitted to the judgment and consideration of the committee to adopt or alter at their discretion . On this subject the necessary information had been previously collected , and the report would soon be presented to the committee for their consideration . He certainly was not able , in answer to the third question of : the hon . gentleman , to say that the report would embrace every thing which would be necessary to be considered on the question of the renewal of the charter . It appeared to him indeed that many of those points would not come properly from 684 such a committee . As to the last question , whether the discussion on the renewal of the