was nothing , in the present instance , that should relax the constitutional jealousy which the House ought to feel in granting money ; on the contrary , the accounts on the table should excite it in a greater degree than ordinary ; and the House had no right to receive individual assertions , however respectable the party making them , as a ground for voting an annual sum of 70,000l.—The hon . and learned gentleman next adverted to several of the items , which were mentioned last night , connected with the diplomacy of the country . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had also attempted a verbal explanation of the sums given to marquis Wellesley and sir sid- 383 ney Smith . The Secretary of the Treasury too ( Mr. Arbuthnot ) with an ingenuousness , fairness , and manliness , which it was impossible not to admire , came forward , when his case was challenged ; but how did he come forward ? He gave the House no explanation—he only challenged inquiry , and said , that the greatest favour which he could receive from the House , was a full and rigid inquiry . If he recollected right , this was the substance of what had been stated by that right hon . gentleman , and he acted very properly . Instead of attempting explanation in a place where it could never be satisfactory , he had challenged inquiry . As to the expences which a foreign envoy might be put to in case of an unforeseen accident , such as a rupture with the court at which he was resident , it might happen that they were necessarily very great ; and he did not doubt but this really might be the case of the gentleman who had been at Constantinople ; but still he contended , that this was no ground for refusing investigation . He might also instance the case of the marquis Wellesley . It might happen that during the three or four months , when he was at Cadiz , he was justified in incurring an expence of 15 or 16,000l . besides the sums also then expended by Mr. Henry Wellesley ; but it was certainly proper that this should be explained . No man could be more averse to the entertainment of any mean jealousy as to what was necessary to support the dignity of foreign envoys than he was , and particularly with respect to that branch of it which ought never to be discussed in that House , namely , Secret Service money . But there was another description of items which were not prima facie entitled to the same degree of credit . He alluded to the bills for 10,279l . drawn by a noble person , stated to be a baron he believed ; though as he was not very conversant in the Red-book , he could not say whether or not he was a baron of this country . He believed , however , he was not of this country . This person was , if he recollected right , named baron Hubert.— [ The Chancellor of the Exchequer whispered over the table , that his name was Hubet . ] —Then , said Mr. Brougham , I take upon me to say , that he is not a baron of this country . He said he would not join in any cry against foreigners . He did not object to their being employed occasionally in an army , nor would he object to their being sometimes 384 employed by us in a diplomatic capacity , though certainly this was more questionable ; but if this foreign baron , whose name he could not exactly remember , had drawn for a sum of 10,279l . he thought he was not arguing on too high a ground , if he said that that of itself was a sufficient ground of inquiry . But there were other grounds . It was , no doubt , reasonable that ministers ought to be allowed a sum , in addition to their salary , for