one act that could tend in the slightest manner to diminish the means of comfort and consolation , of which the unfortunate state of his royal parent was susceptible . Secondly , as to the property of the Prince , he did not see why that of the Regent should be less than that of the King ; and as to the engagements of honour , he asked what parliamentary knowledge they had of those engagements ? Besides , he spoke as a member of parliament , when he said that he felt an unconquerable objection to any branches of the royal family receiving any 367 grants but what were publicly given by parliament ; and there ought to have been a message to that House from the Prince ; it would have been the more dignified and constitutional mode of proceeding ; there would have been no reluctance on the part of that House to deal most liberally with the Prince . Before he sat down , he must advert to the ridicule which the right hon . gentleman had thrown around what was thought by him to be a vain fear of danger resulting from the existence of two courts . They ought , however , to bear in mind the lessons of history upon this subject , and to legislate , not according to their well grounded hopes of what would happen , but according to their remoter fears of what might happen . Her Majesty had , independently of this new court , 58,000l . These together conferred a power and influence which , in other hands , might lead to considerable abuse . The right hon . gentleman concluded by expressing his determination to oppose those parts of the Bill to which his objections applied . said he should shortly trouble the House , by stating why he should vote for the Speaker 's now leaving the chair . The principle of the Bill was one in which almost every gentleman agreed ; but when he looked at the clauses of the Bill , every single clause seemed to raise a distinct principle . If that was so , in a measure of so much importance , which went to the very foundation of the monarchy , which was not at present complete , he was of opinion no time should be lost in going into the committee . He should not now enter into the details of the Bill , as these might be so much better discussed in the Committee , where they would not be under the fetters by which they were bound in the House . There was only one clause to which he should now allude , and if it should receive a minute discussion in the Committee , he pledged himself to meet it , and to give such an explanation on the subject as , he trusted , would prove satisfactory . The clause to which he alluded was that by which it was proposed that 50,000l . a year should be transferred from the Exchequer Income of the Prince Regent , to the Civil List , while the remaining 70,000l . was retained by his Royal Highness . He trusted he should be able to satisfy the mind of every man of honour and of honesty , that this was an arrangement strictly becoming , and the very best , which , in the circum 368 stances of the case , could he resorted to . There was another clause , which regarded the expenditure under the Civil List , as to the items of which there were at present a number of documents on the table of the House . These it would be still competent to look into , even after the present Bill had been passed into a law . They were introduced into this Bill , that it might appear , that , at the time when his Royal Highness took on himself the administration of the Civil List , it was inadequate to the purposes for which it was granted , and that this inadequacy was not imputable to his Royal Highness