, was estimated at 112,330l . and was of a nature to lessen with the diminished extent of our foreign relations . Its other bead consisted of pensions to ministers in retirement . The expences of these two items taken together , were below the estimate , though they had increased during the last three years , he believed , from the increased number of new appointments . In the fourth class the greatest excess had taken place ; namely , for approved bills of trades-people and artificers . This head was , in 1804 , estimated at 172,000l . ; but in 1805 , it amounted to 296,000l . This great excess arose in the departments of the Lord Chamberlain and the Lord Steward . The Lord Chamberlain 's expenditure had been estimated at 65,000l . but in 1805 , it rose to more than double that sum , being 133,000l . And in other subsequent years , it had reached a still higher sum . In Mr. Burke 's bill , introduced in 1782 , for the purpose of limiting and controuling this department , it was provided that no expence Arising-therein , beyond the amount of 1,000l . should be paid without being previously 715 submitted to the Lord Chamberlain , and to the Treasury , and also enacted a variety of other excellent checks . He wished to know , if these regulations had been attended to ? The very first charge in the paper before them was 3,522l . for a Gothic entrance to the Treasury ; which is a building , as every body knows , that has no style , or character of architecture about it . But this was a trifling matter , compared with others . The repairs for Windsor for four years amounted to 55,000l . and furniture for the same palace 76,000l . These undoubtedly appeared very large sums ; but he might be told , that Windsor being peculiarly the royal residence , the expences could not be measured on a common scale . If Windsor , however , was the royal residence , Kensington was not : for the expences of Kensington , he saw 25,000l . charged , and for what ? It was not for building a house suitable to the residence of one of the junior branches of the royal family , but merely for repairing and altering the suit of apartments occupied by the duke of Kent ! Sixteen thousand pounds were also expended in altering and repairing apartments for the princess of Wales ; and , in addition to this , there was a charge of 56,000l . for furniture , making in the whole a sum of nearly 100,000l . expended for repairing and furnishing two sets of apartments ! —He was most willing to contribute liberally to every thing consistent with the splendour of royalty ; but when parliament gave such allowances to these royal personages , and some of them also held high and lucrative offices , it was not right to pass over such matters without inquiry , and the enactment of further checks , if those already imposed were found to be insufficient . With regard to the Lord Steward 's department , it was estimated in 1804 at 75,000l . the following year it was 129,000l . A little more economy had , indeed , prevailed in the next year , but within the last three years the expenditure had again increased . Last year , one of gloom and despondency on account of the illness of his Majesty , it would have been expected to be much diminished ; but on the contrary , it amounted to 115,424l . an excess which could not be accounted for by the depreciation of the currency , which , even by alarmists , could not be taken at 50 per cent . In his opinion , great reform was necessary in this department.—Although many of these things taken separately were hardly worth 716 detailing , yet when put together the amount was very serious . It might be said that it was difficult to suggest reforms ; but