had spoken of the people throughout the country , he had reference to the general support by the people , of the government of the Prince Regent , and the safety and honour of the country . said , that the explanation of the noble lord called upon him to say a few words more , and to ask whether the noble lord thought it was necessary for him to call on the people throughout the country to support the government of the Prince Regent . He would assert , that it was not . For himself , he had expressed his concurrence in the desire of parliament to support the Prince Regent in the discharge of the awful duties of the high station which had been cast upon him : but an insinuation seemed to have been conveyed , which the circumstances neither merited nor excused . intended no insinuation . Had he supposed that there were persons who were not disposed to support the government of the Prince Regent , in what he believed to be for the safety and honour of the country , he should not have spoken in the way of insinuation . In 15 what he said , which was alluded to by the noble baron , he was referring to the foreign policy of this country . It was in that view of the subject he stated , that he believed ministers had the support of the great majority of the country from one end to the other . The Address was then agreed to , nem . dis . wished to ask the noble marquis opposite , whether any progress had been made in the mediation offered between the government of Spain and her colonies in South America ; and whether it was the intention of ministers to give any information on such progress ? He concurred with the noble lord 's views on that subject , as they appeared to him . He only wished , as an individual , to be assured that the real views were what he conceived them to be . A year and a half had elapsed since the Caraccas rose in rebellion , and three months since the mediation was agreed upon . If his view of the proffered mediation was correct , for the sake of humanity , it became necessary to enforce it directly , and yet a year and a half had elapsed without any progress being made , or the policy of ministers being known . said it was a case requiring great care , attention , and circumspection . It was necessary to avoid in-flaming animosities , fomenting jealousies , and exciting passions , that mixed in this business . The difficulties , therefore , which stood in the way , required a cautious procedure . Through the whole of the business , all the ministers were of opinion it was better to preserve the integrity of the Spanish colonies , as a support against the common enemy , than seek any temporary advantage that might be derived from their present state in relation to the mother country . He had every hope , that ultimately his wishes would be crowned with success , but whatever might be the result , he was confident that nothing would be done to excite jealousy or suspicion . At present , be hoped the noble lord would not seek further information . said this amounted to no information at all . Care had been taken to name a commission ; but three months had elapsed , and care had been taken not to send it away . He wished to know what progress had been made in the mediation ? 16 It was a curious mediation to let two friends fight first , and after they had given each other black eyes and bloody noses , then to interfere . did not mean to say that no steps had been taken . The truth was , there had been an early interference , but it had not led to the removal of the difficulties which prevented the mediation from being proceeded in .