exempt from accounting into the Exchequer . To this request the Chancellor replied , ' that he would speak with the king before he would seal that grant , and that be , desired much to speak with himself . '—The next morning , '' continues lord Clarendon , '' he waited upon the King and informed him of the bill that was brought to him , and doubted that he had been surprised . That it was not only such an original as was without any precedent , but in itself in many particulars , destructive to his service , and to the right of other men . That all receivers of any part of his revenue were accountable in the exchequer , and could receive their discharge in no other place ; and that if so great a receipt as this was already '' [ here the hon . and learned gentleman observed , that the receipt was certainly great ; but it was not eight millions—it was only 100,000l . ] '' and as it evidently would be , should pass 251 without the most formal account ; his Majesty might be abominably cozened , nor could it in any other way be prevented . He therefore besought his Majesty that he would reconsider the thing itself , and hear it debated , at least that the treasurer might be first heard without which it could not be done in justice ; '' and in a conversation with lord Ashley himself , he observed , '' that the exemption from making any account but to the king , himself would deceive him ; and as it was an unusual and unnatural privilege , so it would never be allowed , in any court of justice , which would exact both the account and the payment or lawful discharge of what money he should receive , and if he depended upon the exemption he would live to repent it . '' These constitutional views , continued the hon . and learned gentleman , were not much relished by Charles 2 ; but as there was some force in the arguments , he consented to delay the matter till he had further considered it . The delay , however , was not very long , for he shortly afterwards made the chancellor affix his seal to the grant . It appeared at length that the king sent a positive order to the chancellor to seal the commission , which he could no longer refuse , which the noble historian says , '' he did with the more trouble , because he very well knew that few men knew the lord Ashley better than the king himself did , or had a worse opinion of his integrity . '' '' Nor was it difficult , '' lord Clarendon afterwards went on to state , '' to persuade the king , ( who thought himself more rich in having one thousand pounds in his closet that nobody knew of ; than in fifty thousand pounds in his exchequer ) how many conveniencies he would find in having so much money at his own immediate disposal , without the formality of privy seals and other men 's warrants , and the indecency and mischief which would attend a formal account of all his generous donatives and expence , which should be known only to himself . '' Such , then , were the views , such the principles of the great lord Clarendon , an officer of the crown and a kinsman of the reigning sovereign what could serve to shew more forcibly that all grants of this description were dangerous to the constitution , alien to its spirit , and repugnant to its fundamental character . He hoped , for the sake of that object which they all had or ought to have in common , the object of maintaining 252 the practice and principles of parliament , as established and recognized at the Revolution , he should not be thought to ask too much when he asked of the ministers of the present day , who were the constitutional servants