that if it were put to the country at large the vote would have been unanimous in its favour . If the right hon . gentleman would consent that the present vote should be submitted to the decision of the same jury , he was convinced that the decision would be Scarcely less unanimous against it . The previous determination of the House upon this question was so flagrant a breach of its duty , that he thought upon reflection it must have so struck even the right hon . gentleman , and he flattered himself , instead of this continued resistance , that the right hon . gentleman would have appeared in his place this night with a Bill to abolish the odious sinecure of Paymaster of Widows ' Pensions . had attentively examined the journals , and could find no resolution of the House for the unqualified abolition of sinecures , even admitting the place of Pay master of Widows ' Pensions to be so . The resolution which had been read recommended the substitution of one mode of reward for another , but before it could be maintained that it had been violated , it was necessary to shew that the substitute had been provided , which no hon . member had yet attempted to prove . The House was called upon by the mover of the Amendment to give as much validity to the Report of Commissioners as to the statement of a committee of its own , and to that statement as much authority as to an act of parliament This situation was denominated in the Journals a sinecure ; but upon due investigation it would be found that the allegation was incorrect , and that although in 1783 only 600 widows were relieved , there were now not less than double the number of claimants on the fund ; and if , as he had no doubt would be the case , colonel M'Mahon duly discharged the duties of his office , they would be found important and beneficial to the objects of the charity , for no scene could be more painful than to see a number of the wives of officers who had fallen in their country 's service , eagerly crowding round the clerk of the War-office , like hungry paupers receiving their daily pittance from the master of a parish work-house . 920 In assenting to the Resolution of the committee of supply , he would not be under '' stood to assert that the office required no regulation , since his opinion was directly the contrary . With one argument advanced , he never could accord , namely , that the House was to be intimidated by the manner in which this decision would be received in the country . If the determination were well founded , it would be a species of most degrading cowardice to shrink from it : such conduct might excite the contempt of the people , but never could ensure their confidence . The hon . and learned gentleman concluded by declaring , that although in this instance be acquiesced in sentiment with ministers , there were many and most important questions , with their decision upon which it was utterly impossible he could ever coincide . would have preferred to meet the question in another shape , though he should regard it as a dereliction of his parliamentary duty , to avoid it many shape . For him self , he would abolish all sinecures , and trust to the generosity of a British parliament to reward those who had faithfully discharged their duty in the public service . He should give his vote for the Amendment . thought the hon . member for Newcastle ( Mr. Macdonald ) hardly warranted in saying that he expected the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer would have come down that evening with a bill in his hand , to abolish the office in question , when it was remembered that only a few evenings ago the right hon . gentleman had declared his opinion upon the subject in a manner so little calculated