plan which he had formed , was , in a great degree owing that ultimate success with which our arms bad been crowned . At the commencement of the present war , an intimation had been given to the East India Company , to guard them against expending large sums in expeditions against the French East India islands . Intelligence , however , was received by the governor-general of India , in the year 132 1808 , that the islands of Bourbon and of the Mauritius were in such a situation that it might be expected a well-timed blockade would compel them to surrender to the British . From subsequent information as to the state of defence in which the island of Bourbon then was , he conceived himself justified in sending out a small expedition against that island '' and at the same time he had it in contemplation to prepare a more important force to proceed against the Mauritius . The same intelligence that led lord Minto to form this design , reached this country about the middle of the year 1810 , in consequence of which , instructions were sent by government to the governor-general of India , to attempt the conquest of the Mauritius . By this fortunate coincidence , it happened that when instructions to that effect reached India , the armament , which , upon his own responsibility , lord Minto had previously prepared , was ready to sail immediately . That expedition proceeded without loss of time to its destination , and succeeded in effecting its object in the December of the same year . Every thing that occurred in the prosecution of that enterprise was highly creditable to all parties concerned in it . General Abercromby , who commanded , had proved himself possessed of all the necessary qualifications to enable him to discharge his duty in a satisfactory manner , and was in every respect fully equal to the task which had been imposed on him . It was however thought , that though the conduct of that gallant general in itself could not be too highly commended , yet that conquest singly was not of sufficient importance to call for the thanks of parliament.—This at least was the view taken of the subject , and till it was followed up by those ulterior successes which had followed , it was not thought expedient to bring the subject forward . There was one circumstance connected with this expedition which he thought it his duty to mention , as it was so creditable to captain Rowley , that it could not with justice be passed over . Before the capture of the Mauritius , it would be recollected that a force had been fitted out for the purpose of destroying the French frigates which were in its neighbourhood , This attempt , though successful in the first instance , was subsequently , through various accidents , so unfortunate that our naval superiority in those seas was lost , and for a short period , our force was inferior to the French force on that sta- 133 tion . Things were in this situation , when , by the , distinguished exertions of captain Rowley , by a vigorous display of all that could prove him worthy the confidence of his country , that superiority was wrenched from France by his valour , and transferred to Britain . The turn thus given to things in that quarter , contributed not a little to the success of the expedition , as if , on its arrival there , it had found the naval superiority on the side of France , that circumstance might have considerably embarrassed its operations . At that time , the governor-general of India repeated the observations he had previously made to his government on the importance of Java to France . He was aware that reinforcements were expected from Europe , and before these could arrive , he was anxious that it should be taken military possession of by an English army . He thought it necessary for the security of our commerce and possessions , that the enemy should