go to a division without any explanation of their policy or views by any one member of the government . Notwithstanding the many pointed and personal allusions which had been made to himself by the hon . gentleman who had just sat down , in a spirit , he Would admit , of such good humour as excited no unpleasant feeling , he should have taken no part at that period of the debate if he had not thought it of importance that some explanation should be given by ministers of the views they entertained , and of the policy they meant to act upon at so critical and perilous a period ; If the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer should not think proper to give any explanation upon the subject , he thought it desirable and necessary that at least the House should obtain from the noble lord opposite ( lord Castlereagh ) some exposition of his views , now that he was about to become a member of the administration . With respect to the hon . gentleman who had just sat down , he must observe that he had expressed himself extremely satisfied with the laugh he had produced ; and in adverting to that declaration , he was reminded of an expression of that hon . member , when in a former 1017 debate considerable mirth having been excited by something which fell from him , he remarked , `` that those who win may laugh . '' If that were the case , really they must all be winners in the present instance , for a more general laugh than had been called forth by the speech of the hon . gentleman that night he had never witnessed in the House . To the topics which had been introduced by the hon . gentleman into the discussion , he should advert but shortly . It was not his intention to dwell at any length on the comparative estimate of abilities between the right hon . gentlemen opposite and those on his side of the House ; on his assumption of certain expressions which had never been made use of—on his assumption of certain individuals being candidates for offices who had never offered themselves in that character—and on what appeared to him the indecent introduction of the name of the sovereign into a discussion in that House , and the irregular allusions to what had passed out of doors , and the various statements which had been made by the adherents of the right hon . gentleman opposite . The hon . gentleman had praised the talents of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer . The hon . gentleman might be perfectly persuaded , that no man was more convinced of those talents than he was , —and no man had been more ready than himself to acknowledge them . The hon . gentleman had said that the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had fought his opponents single handed . If he meant by this that he had fought them without the assistance of talents , he perfectly agreed with him—though even here the assertion must receive some qualification—for the hon . member opposite , who spoke first on the opposite side of the House ( Mr. Robinson ) , had displayed talents and abilities in the course of his speech , which it was impossible not to admire , on whatever side those abilities might be displayed . The hon . gentleman ( Mr. Montague ) had professed himself the champion of the present administration , and had arraigned the conduct of those who had refused to join that administration . For a person like himself , to whom no offer had ever been made , it was impossible to accept any offer—though if any offer had been made , he certainly never would have accepted it—and if character , and principle , and union constituted the strength of an administration , no person who thought as he did , could ever 1018 conscientiously coalesce with the present . The hon . gentleman had said that