not necessary for parliament to make provision for the resumption of the royal authority in the person of the sovereign , if happily the period should arrive to enable his Majesty once more to exercise the functions of royalty ? Was not the Committee aware , that up to the 5th of July ( the period when the accession of disorder arose ) , his Majesty was in the habit of frequent communication with his family ? On more than one occasion he himself had had the happiness of an interview with his Majesty , and had found him competent to all the purposes of common intercourse , and feelingly alive to the situation in which he was unfortunately placed ; and though the accession prevented him from resuming the royal functions , yet he was capable of enjoying common intercourse , as far as the calamity under which he laboured would permit . Would the Committee , because his Majesty 's calamity was great , abstain from rendering to him that comfort which , when rendered , would make it sit lighter ? He was Confident they would not , and trusted there 167 fore that they would agree to the Resolutions . said , that he had not expressed a wish , or manifested a feeling , whereby the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer could , in fairness , suppose , that he was inclined to aggravate the malady of his Majesty by a denial of any comfort which was proper for his situation . He only said , that there was not in the evidence one syllable or tittle which could give birth to the notion , or imagination , or dream of that middle state of recovery , on the hope of which the right hon . gentleman formed one of the branches of his arrangement . If he was to be asked whether he wanted to deprive his Majesty of every necessary comfort or every enjoyment compatible even with a state of recovery , he would answer , that the Civil List was in the hands of the Prince Regent ; and that it was absurd and unfeeling to suppose that his royal highness would not take every care of his father . During the discussions of the last year , the Prince had been often calumniated ; but to suppose that he would be thus unnaturally neglectful of his royal father 's lamentable condition was , above all others that had yet been flung upon him by the right hon . gentleman , the grossest calumny , the foulest imputation . This should be shortly his reply ; and with it he would content himself , as being quite unanswerable by the right hon . gentleman . Before he sat down , he begged to be allowed to ask one question ; namely , whether in granting to his royal highness the 100,000l . for the expences necessary upon his assumption of the royal authority , it was done under the notion , that his claims for the arrears of the Duchy of Cornwall were totally given up and extinguished ? If such a grant was recommended , from an understanding on the part of the right hon . gentleman that the Prince had relinquished his claims to those arrears , then such an avowal on the part of the minister would be a main ingredient in the opposition which his plan should receive from him . said , he had proposed nothing to the House connected with any claim of his Royal Highness on the arrears of the Duchy of Cornwall . He had formerly expressed his opinion , that it was a mistaken idea to suppose that any ground of claim did really exist . And as far as he could recollect the course of the debates upon the subject , 168 it appeared to him that the understanding of the House was , that his royal highness had totally relinquished every claim of that description . said , that he did not want to know the right hon . gentleman 's reasons , one way or the other