belligerent so prohibiting her had herself indulged in.—There was an instance in history proverbially notorious in the wars of Louis 14 , when in alliance with the Dutch . He was besieging some town 1147 in the Netherlands , which he intended as a present for the Dutch . The town was hard pressed and on the point of yielding , when suddenly the besieged seemed to have got new succours and , a brisk fire was re-opened upon the assailants . It was soon discovered that the Dutch had sold them ammunition ; and how was this different from the absurdities of that mode of blockade that would establish a trade to supply the enemy with weapons against ourselves ? If France be ready to burst with a plethora , were we to say , `` come , well bleed you '' ? Or if she was about to faint for a supply , — '' We are the proper persons to relieve you '' ? Was this , he asked , the mode of conducting a blockade ? So far from this , he was for giving the Orders in Council a full , unlimited , unmitigated vigour of operation , restoring them to their first spirit , and working them upon their first principles . Were he called upon to state definitively his opinion of what he conceived the Orders in Council should be , he could not do it more fully than by saying that they were most perfect as they approached towards a belligerent measure , and receded from a commercial one ( Hear , hear ! ) Let them have for their object the pressure and distress of the enemy , for the purpose of compelling him to listen to terms of accommodation ; and not for the narrow policy of wringing temporary concessions from him , with which they might go to his own market . With regard to the Licence trade , that was a subject upon which he had but little information or knowledge , and he should therefore be very concise in his observations upon it . The fault he imputed to this system was , first , its tendency to produce convulsions in the course of trade , which were injurious to commercial interests generally ; next , as these licences were occasionally granted or withheld , there was no uniform principle upon which men could square their speculations . That they were the source of considerable losses , he admitted was not to be attributed to government , but when so many thousands were granted , and so many refused , such losses must be the ultimate consequence . An instance had been lately communicated to him , where an application was made for one of those licences , and refused . A second application was made on a subsequent day , through the medium of a friend , and again refused ; a third application was then made with the 1148 same result , but upon the fourth day , the party seeking the licence got another friend to apply , and was ultimately successful . Now , he did not blame the Board of Trade for all or any of those decisions ; they might have had good reasons for objecting in the first three instances , and acceding in the fourth . But all he would ask was , under such a system how could the regular merchant act ? ( Hear , hear ! ) Upon what one less veering casualty was he to calculate ? —That these were evils no man could deny ; but were they unavoidable ? ( Hear , hear ! from both sides . ) If they were , then they must submit to them ; but if they were not , might not some substitute be found equally efficient and incomparably less objectionable ? ( Hear , hear ! ) It had been said we could not do without licences ; but did it follow , that because a few licences might be from time to time necessary , that we should therefore have a licence trade .