could not be surmounted.—With respect to the transactions which had recently taken place in Ireland , he wished to put the most favourable construction on the conduct of all the parties . He thought that the Catholics were entitled to a considerable degree of forbearance . As to those parts of their proceedings which appeared most deserving of blame , he must say , that he believed that '' there was no member of that House who had ever attended popular meetings , who did not know that often the speeches of one or two men , gave a colour to the whole proceedings of the meeting ; although often the real sentiments of the majority of persons present were very different . He hoped that this was the case with the majority of Catholics present at those meetings , but he must say , that nothing could be more impolitic than the course which they pursued . If the Convention act did not apply to such a convention as theirs , he was at a loss to know to what case it could possibly apply . If the law was doubtful , it might become the duty of the legislature to explain it ; but he could not conceive there was the least rational doubt with regard to its meaning . Was it possible that any government could exist among conventions of this nature ? If the Catholics might thus sit in convention , notwithstanding the law , there was nothing to prevent the worst classes of the community , the Thrashers for example , from being also represented in a convention of their own . The Convention act was certainly first introduced by lord Clare , to oppose the influence of French principles , and the efforts of the United Irishmen , who openly avowed that their object was to connect the great mass of the population of the country , with a convention which would be thus able to overawe the legislature . He was free to admit , that he did not believe that the Catholics had assembled with any mischievous intentions ( Hear , bear ! ) ; but be believed they had imagined , that assembling such a body in the city of Dublin would give an extraordinary weight and authority to their petition . If the Catholics had , however , been permitted to hold their conventions , an example would have been set to any body of men , whose intentions really were mischievous , to form conventions , and endeavour by this means to wield the physical force of the 640 country . He thought that the Catholics had lately engaged in a most unwise conflict with the legal authority of the country ; but whatever intemperance there might have been in their proceedings , that would never alter his general opinion of the merits of their case . He thought that they imposed upon the judges of the land difficulties which , in point of feeling , they ought not to have imposed upon them . He thought that they threw a difficulty , which they ought not to have done , upon the Attorney-General , in forcing him to bring such a man as lord Fingall before a jury . How great must be the difficulty of persuading any jury that such a man as lord Fingall , so peaceable and exemplary in his conduct , could have any criminal or improper motives ! He thought that the Catholics had also acted very hastily and wrong , in the great irritation which they expressed latterly at the conduct of the duke of Richmond , whose government they had before confessed to be founded not only on the principles of forbearance , but on the greatest benevolence and impartiality to all parties . Every one who knew the character and the principles of that noble duke , must be convinced , that their anger against him was without just cause . The Catholic body , in fact , never appeared to less advantage , than when they were debating in conclave . As to the right of petitioning , what