himself attended by new officers , of whose names and of whose business he had previously no knowledge . The Committee would feel , that , in agreeing to any arrangement that might be proposed , it was their duty not to deny any thing that was necessary or desirable , but at the same time to be anxious , to pay proper attention to economy and to make the arrangement as little 155 burthensome to the public as possible . It was not , however , possible , for any one who took a view of the subject , to think that the double establishment necessary to maintain a Regent and a King , could be conducted at as little expence as the establishment of a King alone . Some additional provision , it would be seen , was necessary , and if a suitable and satisfactory arrangement could be made , which would not occasion an additional expence of more than 70,000l . per annum , he trusted the appropriation of such a sum to that purpose would not appear by any means an extravagant or imprudent arrangement . This increased expenditure , he proposed , should be met by an addition to the Civil List revenue of 70,000l . If he was right in thinking that the present Household of his Majesty was that to which the Committee ought to look to supply his Majesty 's future servants , he should propose to take from it the highest officer , namely , the Lord Steward , whose office had several duties belonging to it connected with the person who exercised the royal authority . The same , or nearly the same observation , would apply to the office of Lord Chamberlain , who had also important duties to attend to . It did seem necessary to pass over those two officers ; and in the room of the first , he had to propose , that the first Gentleman of the Bed Chamber , commonly called Groom of the Stole , should be substituted . This officer , he thought , might properly be placed at the head of the Household attendant on his Majesty . It was obvious the officer so selected would of necessity have new duties to perform , as he should propose that the power of superintending the whole establishment should be vested in him . It was not , however , possible to suppose this officer could always be on the spot ; he therefore thought it would be necessary to appoint a deputy for him . To fill this office he should propose that another individual of known name and rank , namely , the Vice Chamberlain , should be selected . Some of the Lords and Grooms of the Bedchamber , it would be expected , should still be continued about his Majesty . Four of each he thought would be sufficient amply to perform all the necessary duties , yet not too many for that purpose . He should therefore propose Majesty 's that these should be selected from his present household . A Master of the Robes , he thought , and seven or eight Equerries , should also be con- 156 tinued . In this way , he thought there would be a sufficient number of persons in attendance on his Majesty at Windsor , or wherever else her Majesty should please to direct . There was also a person , perfectly well known , who had acted as Private Secretary to his Majesty , whom it would doubtless be thought proper to retain , and who would now act in the capacity of Private Secretary to her Majesty . He trusted it would be generally admitted to be right , that the portion of the royal Household which he bad above specified , should be entrusted to the superintendance of the same authority as that to which the custody of his Majesty 's person was confided by Parliament ; or , in other words , that the whole of it should be placed under the controul of the Queen . From this it would follow ,