and parliament had given them a halter . Far better would the money which was now moved for be applied in the alleviation of those distresses ; and he had hoped that , before parliament had consented to hang men for offences prompted by necessity , it would have at least inquired into the mode of preventing a recurrence of such events . In the present state of the country , therefore , he could by no means agree to the motion ; but if the reverse of this melancholy picture were true he should still object to it . If the hope which existed with respect to the issue of the contest in the peninsula were as flattering , as in his opinion the despondency was just—if the achievements dwelt upon with such emphasis had been as great as in his opinion they were unimportant—if the state of the country was as flourishing as it was depressed , and , in his opinion , almost hopeless—still he should oppose the motion , while government possessed other funds from which the grant might with more propriety be derived—funds from which pensions and allowances were issued unfit to meet the public eye . At least , until those funds were expended , and not even then , would he consent , for such a purpose , to draw upon the already exhausted pockets of the people . The object of the grant was to confer additional splendour on lord Wellington . If this splendour were transparent as well as brilliant , if the situation of the country could be seen through it , what a mass of human misery would it disclose ! declared , that had he anticipated any possible difference of opinion on the motion before the committee , it would have been on the amount of the grant , which , in compliance with the gracious message of the Prince Regent , it 877 was proposed to make to the noble and gallant earl who was the just object of his Royal Highness 's favour and recommendation . In this view of the subject , had the suggestion of an hon . gentleman ( Mr. Whitshed Keene ) to increase the grant , been reduced to a formal proposition , he should certainly have voted for it , had he not been withheld by the wish that such a question should pass the House with unanimity . But really for the species of dissent which the hon . baronet had adopted , he confessed that he was wholly unprepared . He did not pretend any more than the hon . baronet to be capable of judging with the skill of a tactician the conduct of military men and military measures ; but it was impossible for any man , however ignorant of military affairs , to look at what had been , and what was—to consider the former and the present state of the peninsula—to recollect the existing feelings of the country , and those feelings when that eminent and distinguished commander , lord Wellington , was appointed to direct the energies of the British army—without paying him that homage of applause which his unrivalled talents and unwearied exertions so loudly demanded . Little would the observations of the hon . baronet avail in persuading Englishmen not to reward one who had contributed so essentially to the advantage and to the honour of the empire.—The hon . baronet had introduced into his speech several topics , on which , although he ( Mr. C. ) owned that they were but remotely connected with the question , the House would perhaps permit him to touch . He would begin with the allusion of the hon . baronet to the distresses of the manufacturers . `` Good God ! '' exclaimed Mr. Canning , `` let the stale of commerce and manufactures be what they may , and no man laments the depression which they suffer more than myself , is this a period when Englishmen are to be advised—not to purchase military glory , for that is already our own—but to abstain from expressing gratitude for such services as