itself . Where are these privileges to be found but in the laws of the constitution ? If the laws give these prileges , it is unnecessary to apply to parliament ; they already have them . If the laws exclude them from these privileges ; then , again , it is the constitution you propose to alter . Terms , however , still less defined , are then resorted to . The 'principle and spirit ' of the constitution , 'these would extend religious liberty as widely as possible . ' Thank God ! they would carry the blessings of toleration as far as can possibly be done with safety to the constitution itself . But it is still to be presumed , that the laws which have , at various times , been made for the improvement of the constitution , have been framed in its true 'spirit and principle ' and with a due regard to 'religious liberty ; ' and yet , hitherto , it has not been thought safe by those law to concede to the Catholics what they now demand . What is the very leading principle and essential character of our constitutional laws , so far as they regard this subject ? the security of the Protestant establishment . It was for the sake of securing the Protestant Church , 503 that the revolution , so fondly termed the 'glorious ' revolution , was principally effected . It is for the security of that Church , that the sovereign must be a Protestant ; that the royal consort must be a Protestant ; that the ministers of the sovereign must be Protestant ; that the parliament must be Protestant . It is for the security of that Church that the house of Brunswick sits upon the British throne ; why , then , the constitutional principle of extending religious liberty has its boundary ; it is limited by whatever is necessary to the security of the Protestant established Church . Let it , at the same time , be recollected , that this constitutional anxiety for the safety of the Protestant church , is not founded in a bigotted hostility to popery , merely as a different mode of worship , and a different construction of divine revelation , —not founded merely in religious preference , and in a difference of tenets ; but it is founded also in an anxiety for the very safety of civil and religious liberty—an anxiety growing out of experience.—Experience had proved that the Roman Catholic church had a strong tendency to arbitrary power and to intolerance ; —experience had taught our ancestors at the revolution , ( and its impressions should not be effaced from our recollection , nor from that of our latest posterity , ) that popery , on the one hand , and puritanism , on the other , were not very congenial with civil and religious liberty . The church of England , standing between the two extremes , had been found favourable to both ; and its altar was considered as the soundest basis on which to set up the palladium of our national freedom . Seeing , then , that the constitution itself , particularly as settled , in this respect , at the revolution , and as it exists ( with some subsequent improvements ) at this day , has , hitherto , thought it necessary to exclude the Catholics from a certain portion of the government of the country ; seeing , also , that the same exclusion existed in Ireland , while a separate kingdom and having a distinct legislature , and that it was not only continued upon the union between the two kingdoms , ( whatever might be the expectations formed by the Catholics of any subsequent change ) but that the preservation of the established church of England and Ireland has been expressly declared to be an essential and fundamental part , of the union ; '' —where lies the presumption ? —It is not meant to be 504 asserted that the legislature may not make alterations and improvements in the constitution ( so far