knew , from the commencement , had met with his Majesty 's positive and uniform refusal . most ably supported the motion forgoing into a committee . He said that he had seldom before addressed their lordships under feelings of greater embarrassment—not that there was any thing in the subject before them peculiarly difficult , clouded or mysterious—not that he felt that there were any considerations of peculiar delicacy or caution , that ought to deter him from a full and frank discussion of its merits . And sure he was that his embarrassment did not arise from the consciousness of having to contend with any formidable reasoning against the motion ; for he had hitherto listened to catch one single argument against it , and he had listened in vain . His difficulty therefore laid in attempting to answer what did not admit of a reply , and to refute by argument what defied all argument . Their lordships would believe , therefore , that he did not , at that late hour , rise for the purpose of restating what had been already so forcibly put , and what there had not been yet even an attempt to answer ; but he could not sleep quietly upon his bed that night , if he were to leave the House after hearing what he had heard within its walls , without making his solemn protest in the name of the united kingdom , against the folly and the madness of that blind , selfish , and illiberal intolerance which had brought these countries into danger , and threatened them with no distant ruin . They had heard that night sentiments from two noble earls , that filled him with surprise and concern ; concern that such sentiments should be heard at that time of day and in that place ; surprize that either of those noble earls could have given utterance to them . The noble earl who spoke last , had revived an argument , if argument it could be called , which it 468 might have been expected would by this time have sunk from obloquy into oblivion . The Coronation Oath was again brought before them . Did the noble lord mean to say that that oath was taken by the king in a legislative capacity ? And if he did not , would he be bold enough to contend that the oath taken by the monarch , in his executive capacity , limited , qualified , or debased the supreme and paramount powers of the legislature ? If it did , he asked when did this new light first burst upon the noble earl ? Was the noble earl illuminated with this great constitutional discovery , at the time when he himself , as lord-lieutenant of Ireland , recommended to the Irish parliament the repeal of certain disqualifying statutes . The repeal of these were as much and as directly in violation of the principle here set up , as the full grant of emancipation could be supposed to be . If the Coronation oath bound the king to a strict adherence legislatively to the system as it stood at the time of taking the oath , then was the repeal of every penal statute a violation of that oath . But it would be a waste of time to pursue it further : the oath had never been so understood ; it was originally designed not to shackle the legislative powers of the three estates , but to secure them against any abuse of power on the part of the executive : it was to defend the subject against the king , and not to furnish the king with a negative instrument against the happiness of his people.—He should dwell no longer upon these absurdities , which he hoped had been forgotten , and should next pass to the Convention act . A noble earl had said , that the construction put upon this act by ministers and the King's-bench in Ireland was , he was satisfied , the same that it was meant by the framers it should bear . Was the noble