delegates throughout the country.—So much as to the intention of the legislature at the time of making the act , and now one word as to the act itself : and , first , he did not hesitate to say , that the act was a declaratory one : it was so described by lord Clare and Mr. Wolfe ; the noble and learned lord upon the woolsack had said so lately as last year , that it was merely a declaration of that to be law which was law before . Look at its title . Here it was said to be an act providing that unlawful assemblies should not meet for the pretence of petitioning—here there was nothing made unlawful which had been lawful—it was not the pretence that made the assembly unlawful—but not even the pretence of petitioning ( sacred a right as that of petitioning was ) not even the pretence of it could legalize unlawful assemblies . And here he must advert to one or two curious statements : a noble earl had affirmed , that this law was equally , applicable to Protestant and Catholic , and that no such thing as delegation was known in this country . Delegation not known in England ! Why , there was scarcely a canal projected without a delegation . Was there no meeting of delegates in 1780 ? no doubt , a period of great tumult , but still amidst all the complaints then made of the outrages and excesses that prevailed , was there a single murmur against the meeting of delegates ? The chamber of commerce was another instance : but they had been resorted constantly in Ireland since the year 1757 , when , in the administration of the duke of Bedford of that day , the first dawn of a more liberal policy opened upon Ireland : there had not been a time since that era of which there had not been a Catholic Committee . Here the noble earl entered into an examination of the wording of this statute , to shew that it was the doing other than the purpose of the meeting that made the meeting an unlawful one , and then , 471 applying this to the Convention act and the Catholic meetings , he argued that they could not be presumed to be illegal on their own avowal of the purpose of their meeting , until there was evidence that they met to do something else . They met for the express purpose of petitioning—that express purpose did not make them an unlawful meeting , because it was not unlawful to meet in order to petition . And here he could not pass over the strange reasoning of the Chief Justice upon this part of the case . What ! said the Chief Justice , would you have the magistrate , or his constable , wait till they saw the illegal act done , and not prevent it ? was he to wait till the assembly had done some act , when they might immediately after disperse themselves ? This was a kind of reasoning which the noble earl thought to be most dangerous , and likely to lead to error and abuse of the most extensive latitude . He could not think with that learned judge , that the principle in this case was merely to prohibit , or that prohibition was , so applied , a good in itself . He rather thought with a noble marquis ( Wellesley , ) who had said so eloquently that all restrictions were in themselves evils—it was certainly wise to prevent—the object of all good laws was prevention , not remedy punishment not vengeance . But in this case , if a magistrate was to take his own anticipations of offence for guilt , what was that evil which a principle of this kind might not engender ? It was arguing against all institutions , from the abuses to which they were severally liable : the corruption to which the press was liable would then become an argument for the destruction of its liberty : the principle might