of Superannuated Allowances 898 there was to be seen a diminution of 3,568l.—The noble lord here summed up his statements , and took a general view of the subject , and of the measures adopted during the last year for recruiting the regular army . The additional charge on the increased numbers in our army , he stated to be 576,166l . In the last year there had been raised for the regular army : —By the ordinary mode of enlistment 11,472 . By allowing the militia to volunteer into the line 11,716 . For the foreign corps 4,795 . These , added to the Greek infantry , would make a total of not less than 28 or 29,000 . These were more than enough to cover all the casualties of the year ; and while in numbers it was seen that more had been raised than was sufficient to cover those casualties that might occur , it was most satisfactory to find the casualties were less than they had been in the preceding year . In 1810 , the casualties amounted to between 24 and 25,000 ; in the last year they did not exceed 21,000 , and hence it would be found , that the aggregate increase in our army was not less than 7,889 . Not only had our military force thus increased in the last year , but if we calculated as we ought to calculate on the probability of our being still called on to persevere in the contest in which we were engaged , it was satisfactory to find , that what he might call the recruitable capacity of the country , was still such , that it would abundantly supply the means . Of the number raised in the last year , there were more English subjects than were sufficient to cover all the casualties of the army . They exceeded the casualties by 2,000 , as while the latter did not exceed 21,000 , the former amounted to 23,188 , leaving a clear surplus to the amount before stated . It might be said that this statement was too high , and that an allowance should be made for the number of the militia that had volunteered over the number which it had been proposed to draw from thence to recruit the regular army . This might , perhaps , be said , as more than 11,000 had so volunteered , when but 10,000 were called for . Making , however , the necessary deduction on this account , still would it be found that the number properly raised within the year , would cover the casualties , as deducting the surplus he had alluded to , 21,286 would remain . Notwithstanding we had been fighting battles in almost every part of the world ; notwithstanding we had been incessantly engaged in de- 899 structive sieges , and notwithstanding we had made important conquests , still it would hence be seen that all the casualties of the year , including the ravages made in our ranks by the various climates to which our troops had been exposed , as well as those occasioned by the sword , were more than covered by the extent of our population , and that without severely pressing on the civil part of that population . While this cheering view was presented by the state of our resources at home , and while we were still waging successful war against the enemy in various parts of the world , it was in no small degree gratifying to see our enemy himself furnishing us with the means of successful resistance to his unprincipled aggressions . It was seen , that wherever he found his way , and dragged the reluctant inhabitants to his standard , to be at once the victims and the instruments of his diabolical and unjust oppression , no sooner were they converted into soldiers in his service , than at the first opportunity they quitted his detested ranks and came over to the English . With these observations he should now conclude , reserving to himself the right of replying to any remarks that