would attend the extention of the bill to all the counties in Great Britain , in which the magistracy might deem it expedient to put the provisions of it into execution . The instruction to the Committee was then agreed to . On the motion that the Speaker do leave the Chair , observed , that the suggestion of the hon . and learned gentleman who had last spoken , was one which , in his opinion , might be attended to with advantage . asked whether it was intended that the measure should be permanent or temporary ; and whether there was any intention of extending the provisions of the bill to the counties of North Britain . replied that whatever might be ultimately considered as expedient , in the first instance he conceived that the measure ought to be only temporary . It might be wise to extend the provisions of the bill to North Britain , but in that case it would be necessary to submit them to legal opinions in that country . agreed with the right hon . gentleman that the measure ought to be temporary . But was it meant to confine the operation of the bill to such outrages only as those in which the necessity for it originated , or to extend it to other outrages ? If there was any intention of extending the provisions of the bill to the counties of North Britain , such a measure would require deliberation . In his opinion a separate bill would be necessary . remarked , that he had been induced , in the first instance , not to propose the extension of the provisions to all the counties of Great Britain , from the consideration that the pro- 855 visions of it were chiefly , if not solely , applicable to the description of disturbance which they were framed to repress . The House then resolved itself into a committee on the bill . After discussion the blanks were filled up , and the House having been resumed , the Report was brought up and ordered to be taken into consideration on Monday . , in rising to move an Address to his Royal Highness , in answer to this communication , observed , that the first object to which he desired to call their lordships ' attention , was , that the act of conferring upon lord Wellington a higher rank in the peerage , was the first exercise of the Prince Regent 's unrestrained prerogative . The reason why he adverted to this peculiar circumstance was , that , while all must be sensible how well earned these honours had been , —while the country must feel the highest satisfaction at their being conferred ; considering the foundation on which they rested , —and while lord Wellington himself must feel gratified at this acknowledgment of his merits , he , their lordships and the whole nation , might have the farther gratification of knowing , that the reward must derive a still brighter lustre from the time and manner in which it was given . He wished to direct their lordships ' attention to this circumstance , also , as a test of the high gratification which his Royal Highness would always have in rewarding public men for public services—as a test that he regarded his prerogative as vested in him for such important purposes—as a test that he never would feel so thoroughly pleased at its exercise , as when he employed it in paying the just tribute of honour and applause to undoubted and distinguished merit . Every class in the community must feel gratified at this first act of his Royal Highness after the termination of the restrictions . The public must look with the highest satisfaction on this proof of attention to one who had deserved so well of , his country ; while those who were engaged in the most important of public 856 duties , would feel an additional stimulus to their exertions when they saw desert and service so faithfully rewarded—This much he had felt himself called upon to say ; but it