what other evidence was before the House but that of the heated assertions of men in the warmth of controversy ? —The hon . and learned gentleman then proceeded to vindicate the conduct of the Irish chief justice on the ground of law , contending , that in issuing warrants against delegates , and holding them to bail he had done nothing more than had been often clone in Ireland . He then entered into a citation of sundry authorities , to prove that the legality of arresting parties previous to their indictment , had been for a long time maintained . He next examined the wording of the warrant under which the delegates had been arrested , and contended 656 that it came within the general authority of the cases he had cited . He passed a compliment upon the calm , pacific , and conciliatory mode in which the law officers of the crown in Ireland had conducted the late prosecutions , and read from a pamphlet he held in his hand , an extract from the speech of Mr. Saurin , on the trial of Dr. Sheridan , to shew in contradiction to what had been asserted in that House , that the Attorney General of Ireland had not charged the Catholics of Ireland with disloyalty ; so far from it , he had distinctly expressed his persuasion that they were most loyally disposed ; and therefore he thought it but fair in those who had complained that Mr. Saurin had charged the Irish Catholics with treason and sedition , to admit that they were wrong . began by declaring that he did not know that he was ever in his life so much affected by vanity , as at that moment , finding as he did , from the speech of the right hon . Secretary for Ireland , that a speech of his in that House was the cause of the late proceedings of the government in Ireland . The right hon . Secretary had said , that he , in a motion made by him last-session , strongly recommended a proclamation . That assertion he must deny ; it was true , he had asked if a proclamation had on that occasion been issued , but he had not recommended one . The right hon . Secretary had said , that he did not wish to be made the subject of witticisms . God forbid that the right hon . Secretary should be the subject of witticisms ! But if he had suffered in this way , it certainly was from the gravest of his own friends . He thought he had reason to complain that it should have been attributed to him to have said that a letter issued as the deliberate act of the Irish government , was a slovenly letter . The right hon . gentleman himself had called it a grave and solemn proceeding , and he agreed with him that it was . If the Irish government had acted wrong , or in a slovenly manner , it could not be attributed to the short period they had allowed for consideration and deliberation . The right hon . Secretary , however , had talked as if this debate were calculated for no other purpose than to give him an opportunity of exculpating himself . The right hon . Secretary reminded him of a work which he had seen with this title , `` Memoirs of P. B. clerk of this parish , shewing the importance of a man 657 to himself . '' The right hon . Secretary had said that the government could not be wrong , because the necessity of the measure resorted to was shewn in the conduct and speeches of those men who had formerly assembled . If so , he would ask the right hon . Secretary where was his attention to his duty , when he allowed those men to go without punishment ? Why did he not then resort to the laws of the land ? And why did he make his own neglect as to them , the cause of calumnies