he stated that they were never disposed to detect offenders , unless a great reward was offered to them for that purpose . A similar suggestion had some time ago been made to him from another quarter . He had had recourse to the best authority , and he had been assured by the magistrates , who were surely the most competent to give an opinion on the subject , that no such indisposition existed ; and that if any such indisposition were manifested by an officer , he would be immediately dismissed from his situation . He was convinced that greater efforts to detect offenders had never been made , than those which the police officers of the metropolis had made during , the last two months . acquiesced in the alteration of the word in the motion . begged leave to make a few observations on what had fallen from the right hon . Secretary . The right hon . gent . talked of the great exertions which the police officers had made during the last two months . Did he recollect that a reward of upwards of 700l , had been offered to those who should detect and prosecute to conviction the perpetrators of the crime ? He did not wish to speak harshly of the police , but he did think it a most monstrous evil , that so many persons had been taken up on that occasion , upon such slight grounds of suspicion . Among them was the nearest relative of one of the murdered persons , who , on no ground whatever , had been apprehended 212 and kept 48 hours in custody , on the dreadful charge of having murdered his brother . One way and another no Hess than forty or fifty persons had been apprehended on bare suspicion . He could not therefore join in the right hon . gentleman 's commendation of the police officers , when he considered the high reward by which they were stimulated , and the number of persons whom they had apprehended , in the most light manner . He was glad , therefore , that the House had agreed to inquire into the state of the police . It ought to be remembered , that when the police was originally established it was new to the constitution , and was introduced only on the supposition , that some great benefit would be derived from it , which would justify parliament in departing from those principles by which they had , until that period , been guided on the subject . It was time to ask , whether the expected advantages had accrued ? expressed himself happy to find that a suspicion , which he confessed he had entertained , namely , that an advantage would be taken of the alarm of the public mind to extend the police of the metropolis , had proved to be unfounded . As to the motion itself , it was utterly impossible for him to oppose it for an instant . Indeed , he was convinced that if the system of nightly watch were made , what in his opinion , it could easily be made , the necessity of any police whatever might be precluded , as the possibility of committing any crime would be prevented . This , however , could not be done on the present principles . But if the country chose to revive the old law of Edward the first , by which every county and parish was made responsible to every householder for the losses he might sustain , and by which every householder was compelled it his turn to watch for the protection of others , effectual security would be afforded to the community at large , without the immediate interference of any police , and the respectable part of the population , thus accustomed up the use of arms , might be rendered available to the defence of the kingdom , in the event of invasion by a foreign enemy ; or at least would be competent to repress all internal disturbances . Hoping that some plan of this