It was necessary to ascertain previously , that both parties would agree to the mediation , and be likely to acquiesce in what it might be in contemplation to recommend . Such progress had therefore been made , as the nature of the case would admit ; and had he proceeded with more promptitude and expedition , it might have inflamed passions and raised difficulties , that might defeat the object in view . professed himself not satisfied with this answer , and accordingly gave notice of his intention to move for papers on the subject . immediately rose and observed that he felt it his duty to take the earliest possible opportunity of addressing the House and his Royal Highness the Prince Regent , on a subject which seemed to him to be of the utmost importance to the country . rose at the same time with the hon . baronet , but Sir Francis having first caught the eye of the Speaker , decided that the hon . bart was in possession of the House . said he could not forego the opportunity now afforded him of offering himself thus early to the attention of the House , and of proposing , for their adoption , such an Address as , in the situation in which the country was placed , seemed to him to be imperiously and peculiarly called for . In addressing his royal highness the Prince Regent in the language of truth , and telling him what were the feelings of the people of these kingdoms at the present moment , he was conscious of discharging a duty of the most important kind , both to the Prince and the people . From what he knew of the feelings and declarations of the Prince Regent , he was persuaded that he was not one of those princes who wished to hear nothing but what was sweet , pleasing , and agreeable . The conduct and declarations of his royal highness were of a very different kind , and he felt that he should not do his duty to his constituents , to the country , or to the Prince Regent himself , if he let go the present opportunity of addressing his royal highness , and expressing to him what were the real feelings of the country at the present moment , and what were the grievances of which we had to complain . The exertions of the Spanish people against our common enemy were , no doubt , to be regarded by us as of consequence , nor were their losses to be attributed to any failure on our part ; and it most afford us pleasure and gratification to know that we had a brave army , who did not disgrace the spirit of their forefathers . But , in the course of the compliments so largely and justly bestowed on our army , we never once heard mention of that word , as the spring of our exertions , the word 'freedom , ' to the love of which , in old times , we were so much accustomed to attribute the bravery and courage of our armies . It could not be contradicted , that for the last 18 years , every succeeding year in which the members of that House met each other in their places , was more calamitous than that which had pre ceded it . He was afraid he might even go farther back , and declare that this had been the case from the very beginning of the present reign—that our calamities had been begun from the commencement of the American war , and had been going on in a progressive increase for nearly half a century . And if , for the last fifty years , the situation of this country had always been growing worse and worse—was it not now time to reflect ? Must we not , at 19 length , be convinced that there was something in our system radically wrong ? It should be his duty , this being the case , to endeavour to point out to the attention of