them more open to the public in general . This amendment was also negatived . next proposed to add a clause to the Bill , providing that nothing contained in this or the former Bill , should go to recognize the validity of the patent of Charles the 2nd . The ground upon which he did this was , that the report of the committee had stated this patent as recognized by the former act . He then adverted to the absurd monopolies which had been sometimes granted , and yet declared to be illegal ; and stated as an instance , a patent granted to one of his ancestors , the earl of Surrey , that every public house in the city of Westminster , must be licensed by him . If this patent had been valid , the successors of that nobleman must have been among the richest men in the world ; for they would have had the power of saying , that no one should keep a public house in Westminster without purchasing a licence from them . Commercial monopolies by such patents were too odious to stand long . Theatrical monopolies , being of less importance , were less attended to ; but still they stood on the same principle , and ought to be abolished . At present it was at least a question , whether they were legal ; but it was the duty of the House to take care that nothing should be done by a side-wind that should appear to recognize them as valid . opposed the clause , on the ground that there was no occasion for it . also opposed it , observing ; that there was nothing in the Bill recognizing the legality of the patent . agreed perfectly in what had fallen from the noble duke , on the subject of monopolies ; and if there were any thing in the Bill that should appear to give the least countenance to the idea that parliament recognized the validity of the patent , he should think that the clause ought to be introduced . He had not examined the Bill sufficiently to enable him to judge whether that was the case or not , and proposed that the farther consideration of the question should be adjourned till to-morrow . did not think that the Bill recognized the validity of the patent ; but enough had been stated by the noble 1213 duke to make it proper that the discussion should be adjourned for a day , that they might examine more particularly into the effect of the Bill in that view . objected to the clause , on the ground that whatever rights the former Bill had given , the persons concerned were now entitled to them ; and it would be an act of injustice and had faith to deprive them of those rights . did not see how there could be any injustice in securing the public against these persons , acquiring that which they not only had not claimed , but had expressly disclaimed , namely , a legislative recognition of the validity of their patent . If there was any thing in the former act which might , by the ingenuity of lawyers , be tortured into an argument for the recognition of the patent , the doubt ought to be done away , instead of making one error the ground-work of another . declared himself of the same opinion as the noble duke on the subject of theatrical as well as commercial monopolies ; and if there was any reasonable ground of suspicion , that there was any thing in the Bill recognizing the legality of the patent , the adjournment , at least , ought to be agreed to . still opposed the clause , on the ground , that there was no such recognition in the Bill . rose with a wish to add a few observations to those which he had already made on the first introduction of the Bill . He felt that the measure was not such as the House ought to adopt . It went to effect