situation of the country into consideration , it was of more importance to the empire that the population was in a state , of progressive increase , than that partial instances of a failure of employ had occurred . It probably might be alledged , that the apparent increase in the present Census arose in some measure from the former not having been properly executed ; but he believed the Census of 1801 , which was entrusted to nearly the same persons as were employed on the present occasion , was correct . There was a subject of infinite importance connected With this increased state of population ; he meant the facility of providing the people with food . Much had been Stated on the high price of provisions , and the uncertainty of a supply of grain from other countries . Means should , therefore , be devised , to enable the country to supply it self . A person was then waiting to present an Account , Which would place the subject of the importation of grain in a very clear point of view ; and it was a subject which required the most accurate information . By that account it would be seen , that , in the period of eleven years , between 1775 and 1786 , the average quantity of grain imported annually , was 564,413 quarters ; from 1787 to 1708 , 1,136,101 quarters ; and from 1799 to 1810 , including three years of scarcity , 1,471,003 quarters ; The average prices were 30s . per quarter in the first period , 40s . in the second and 60s . in the third . In the last year not less than 4,271,000l . went out of the country for the sustenance of the inhabitants—a 179 matter of most serious import to the public . There was also another Account , by which it appeared that the consumption of wheat and flour imported from foreign countries , had been progressively increasing from 1775 to the present time . In 1810 , the quantity imported was 693,000 quarters ; which clearly proved that the increased consumption of wheat was greater than that of all other grain , and that those who did not heretofore ordinarily make use of wheat , now made it a principal part of their food . To meet the growing wants of the population , without having recourse to foreign countries , was a most important object . He was aware that the inclosure of common and waste lands was carried to a great extent ; but this did not keep pace with the necessities of the country . What , then , could be added to their internal resources ? He had no objection that all the lands fit for the growth of barley , oats , & c. should be continued under that species of tillage . But still this alone would not be sufficient ; and he was persuaded that there was no way in which the country could effectually supply its population , except by encouraging and extending the planting of potatoes , which would grow in those soils that were unfit for the cultivation of grain . There was also another source of supply , he meant the fisheries . It was strange , that in a maritime country , like this , fish was rarely to be seen , except at the tables of the rich . The poor received little or no benefit from that nutritious description of aliment . There might be some prejudices against it ; but the exertions of gentlemen in the different parts of the country , if rightly directed , would do them away . He himself had been enabled , at a time when the quartern loaf was extremely dear , to supply the poor , in his immediate neighbourhood , with 22 pounds of good potatoes , and nine herrings , for fifteen pence ; If the hints he had thrown out were acted upon , it would tend to introduce a variety of nutritious food amongst the lower orders of society , save a sum of