he had given notice , for Monday next , until Monday fortnight . rose to second the motion , of which he cordially approved . stated that the corporation of London had it in contemplation to build a Penitentiary House in the city . rose , not to throw any impediment in the way of a subject which had been already too much delayed , but to call the attention of the House to the Report of its Committee in the year 1798 . The subject , indeed , had not engrossed an attention proportionable to its importance ; but by reference to that Report , it would be seen , that after mentioning the great number of persons on ; board the hulks , together with their different periods of imprisonment , they strongly recommended to the legislature the adoption of the excellent plan proposed by Mr. Bentham . Two sessions ago the subject had been resumed , and was referred to the subsequent session : yet two years had elapsed , and government still persisted in their system . The House would do great injustice to Mr. Bentham 's plan , unless they read the printed Report of 1798 ; and he could not but express his surprise that the present Committee should object to what was so strongly recommended by a former Committee , which had mentioned in terms of high praise the great advantages of the employments and industrious habits which formed the peculiar character of Mr. Bentham 's plan '' This advantage , and another equally great , —he meant the economy of that project , —had been strangely disregarded by the subsequent Committee . The small expence of Mr. Bentham 's scheme had , indeed , been accounted for from the circumstance of his allowing only one room for the convicts to sleep in ; this , he was 239 aware had been strongly objected to by Sir George Paul—an authority , he allowed , of the greatest weight , —who conceived that it would be of pernicious consequence , that all the convicts should sleep together . Still , notwithstanding these objections , he hoped , that the House would look attentively into the reports of the Committee of 1798 , and consider the extraordinary utility of Mr. Bentham 's plan , that if they rejected it , they might substitute something as beneficial in its place . He then expressed his regret that the scale recommended by the hon . member was so small , as if it was intended only as a plan of experiment . The right right hon . Secretary of Ireland , to whom the merit of adopting such an institution in that country was solely due , had borne testimony to its utility , and indeed in no one single instance had it ever failed ; the plan , therefore , should have been much more extensive . He concluded by hoping that inquiries would be instituted into the comparative effects produced by the system adopted in Penitentiary Houses , and the effects produced by imprisonment on board the hulks . paid a high compliment to the talents and benevolence of Mr. Bentham , and to the excellence of his plan , and cautioned the House against forming an opinion of it solely from the terms of the proposed contract , since such was the confidence reposed in the proposer , that many necessary points left at his discretion were there omitted . As one of the Committee appointed two years ago , he had visited Newgate , and found that none of the defects of that prison were owing to the conduct of the keeper , but entirely to the insufficiency of its accommodations . Leave was then given to bring in the Bill . , in pursuance of the notice which he gave on a former evening ( see , p. 213 ) moved , '' That there be laid before this House forthwith , a List of the names of the persons who have been appointed to be Police Magistrates under the act 32 Geo . 3 , c. 53 , or under any