by the increased consumption of our increasing population ; they would have looked to such an event as the greatest boon that could have been given to us.—Yet such an event had occurred , as if providentially . This independent state existed on the other side of the Atlantic , and would have carried our commerce , and taken our manufactures , every year ; their profits , from that carrying trade , enabling them to purchase a still larger quantity of our manufactures , thereby increasing our own internal prosperity , and this great and inestimable advantage had been destroyed by the Orders in Council ! The effect , therefore , of these Orders upon the neutral , and the injurious consequences upon this head to ourselves , were too apparent . What operation they had had in distressing the enemy , he was yet to learn . He did not ask what had been their effect in the prices or consumption of the coffee-houses at Paris , or on the medicines in the French hospitals , though these circumstances had been gravely urged in their support ; but what 1045 effect they had had upon the political situation of the enemy , during upwards of four years in which they had been tried ? Was it the object of the Orders to prevent the colonial produce of the enemy from reaching his ports ? Where was now to be found the colonial produce of the enemy , or where were his colonies from whence that produce could come ? Our own warehouses , unfortunately , were bursting with colonial produce , Which could not find a market ; and thus , instead of distressing the enemy , we were distressing ourselves . The effect of the Orders upon our exports was apparent , from the papers on the table.—He was aware of the difficulty of estimating our exports , because the value given to them here was to be compared with their value in the currency of the countries to which they were sent . With respect also to the official value , that was frequently a nominal value , given by those exporting on entering the goods , before they knew what the real value would be . The investigation of the first point would lead him into a discussion of too great a length to be allowed upon this question on an incidental part of it , and therefore he would not dwell upon it . It appeared , however , from the returns , that our exports of British and colonial produce , which in 1808 were 43,000,000l . were in 1809 36,000,000l . in 1810 35,000,000l . and in the three quarters ending the 10th of October , 1811 , ( the account to the 5th of January , 1812 , not being yet made up ) they were only 22,000,000l . Combining these exports with the export of foreign produce , it appeared that the defalcation in our commerce amounted to no less than 16,000,000l . Such were the effects of the Orders in Council . Upon the manufactures of the country their opera-was in the highest degree distressing . He was aware that it would not be proper , and that it was a very delicate subject , to go into a detail upon this point ; but the general distress of our manufacturers was undoubted , and the increased number of bankruptcies fully proved the wretched state of our trade and manufactures . One of the greatest evils to which these Orders had given rise , had been the system of licences . Nothing , at the same time , could more clearly prove that those who issued these Orders found they could not be maintained , than their departing from them in the manner they bad done , by granting licences to carry 1046 on that very trade which their own Orders prohibited . Licences had increased to a most unparalleled extent , and with them a system of immorality , of fraud and perjury , which pervaded the whole trade of the country ; and to which it was