the hon . gentleman adverted to the Reports of the Commission of Military Inquiry , many of the suggestions contained in which , it was the intention of the Board of Ordnance to adopt , for they seemed to be framed upon the best principles , and with the greatest justice . Among others , what they reported with respect to contracts met with their concurrence , and it was their determination to raise every 1237 supply by open competition . No military paymaster , also , was to ask for a sum , however minute , without stating the exact balance in his hands.—The question was then put , That 3,873,000l . be granted for the land service , when spoke at length on the impolicy of ministers in not fixing a large depot in the centre of the country ( as he had advised five years ago ) , capable of containing equipments of every kind for 200,000 men . In the Scheldt and the Texel , Buonaparte had thirty sail of the line and men to man them , and if he should be able , by any means , to land 10 , 15 , or 20,000 men in England , we had no means of expelling them from the country , though the expence of our army would this year cost us near 59,000,000l . If ministers did not seriously turn their thoughts to this subject , they must turn their backs upon the safety and security of the kingdom . said , that the depot at Weedon Beck did contain equipments of every kind for 200,000 men , which he hoped would sufficiently console the gallant general . said , that Weedon Beck might contain pistols perhaps for so many men ; but there ought to be at least 100 pieces of cannon also ; and besides , Weedon Beck was too near the metropolis . He complained that all the horse artillery were on the coast . said , that to console farther the hon . general , he would assure him , there were 140 pieces of cannon at Weedon Beck , that there was also a troop of horse artillery . said there was an extraordinary increase in the present year in the expenditure of our West India Islands , without any apparent danger to account for it . He hoped to have a satisfactory explanation for the addition of 150,000l . to the estimate upon that head . As to Malta , the increase might be necessary , considering our relations with that part of the world ; still , however , he could not help noticing the great excess of 130,000l . for stores conveyed to that island . As to Jersey , he was aware that a considerable threat was held out , or reported to be held out towards that island . He regretted to hear that 39,000l . more must be expended , before the fortification of the eastern coast could be completed , especially as the erection of towers and batteries was a system very much disputed . The excess 1238 under the head of foreign service was most alarming , being upwards of 400,000l . Part had been stated to be employed in secret service , but though he allowed there was a propriety in concealing such purposes , he was surprised that they were not told whether the stores sent out with such an object had arrived or not . With respect to the miscellaneous estimates , he should only refer to one head—that of forage for the draught horses , and supply for the artillery drivers , which was upwards of 5000l . more than in the last year . The expence of that corps amounted to nearly four times the expence of a corps , of cavalry . On the whole , there was an excess in the extraordinaries of the year amounting to upwards of 374,000l . thought it rather extraordinary , that after allowing the propriety of withholding information respecting secret service , his hon . friend should complain , that no mention was made of the destination of