moving , `` For the appointment of a Select Committee to take into consideration the present state of the Commerce and Manufactures of the country , particularly with reference to the effects of the Orders in Council and the Licence Trade . '' regretted that the noble marquis should have thought it necessary , in the latter part of his speech , to touch on our relations with America . It was not his intention to follow the noble marquis over that portion of his subject , for it was obvious that the discussion was unsuited to the time , that the subject could be cleared only by going into the whole statement of our transactions with America , and that this could not be done with propriety while the hope , little as it was , of conciliation remained . He had asked of the noble marquis , when he declared his intention of moving for the repeal of the Orders in Council , whether he was prepared to move for the repeal of all or one ; and if one , which was that one . The noble marquis was not prepared at the time with any answer ; but at this he did not feel peculiarly surprised . It was true , that if , on any other occasion , any noble lord were to rise , stigmatise a law as unfit to remain on the books , and declare his determination to move for its erasure , he should be a little surprised , that such noble lord was not prepared to say against what particular law he felt so much indignation . But in the present case there was much difference . The words Orders in Council had absolutely become a mere cant ; they were used in general without a distinct idea ; they were involved in a confusion from which he was not surprised that even the noble marquis had not been able to escape . ( Hear . ) He really meant this with all respect for that noble marquis , whose speech shewed his abilities ; and whose temperance , moderation , and decency of language on a subject where youth , passion , and peculiar situation made temperance so uncommon and so praise-worthy , deserved a higher tribute than it was in his ability to give . He was at a loss , however , to know precisely which were the Orders that the noble lord was desirous to have repealed . The noble marquis had declared at length , that the Orders of 1807 were not the object of his animadversion , as a ground might have at the time existed for them , but that the nature 1050 of those Orders was now changed with the situation of things ; for Holland , which was then separate , was now united to France . It was not easy to understand this reasoning : but the answer seemed plain . The principle of the Orders of 1807 was precisely that of those which were to be reprobated this night . They absolutely went to proscribe commerce with every port that was under French influence . The Orders of 1807 were not of that preposterous nature which had been so liberally ascribed to them . They proceeded upon the authorized principle of not suffering the neutral to enjoy that trade to an enemy 's ports in war , which that enemy would not allow him in time of peace . But in those cases where the neutral was allowed to visit a port in peace , provision was made by those Orders for his enjoying success in war . Were this Order not to be repealed , not a step would the country advance towards conciliation with America . The United States demanded the repeal of that Order of January , 1807 , just as loudly as of those which followed in November . The blockade under that Order was complained of by America in common with the other points . Without that repeal , the commerce of this country must remain under the system of American exclusion , and