their destination . One right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Arbuthnot ) had on a former night expressed his willingness to give every explanation with regard to the expences of the embassy on which he had been employed . This explanation he trusted to hear that night ; for really he could not see at present why a sum of more than 40,000l . should stand against that right hon . gentleman 's name , as the amount of extraordinary disbursements on his embassy to Constantinople ; and why it was at all necessary to build a palace for the British legation at that capital , which should cost 26,000l.—The next charge was that of Contingent Expences of the Treasury . This , in 1804 , was calculated at 1,500l . but had gradually increased to between 4,000l . and 5,000l.—He trusted that he had , upon the whole , established sufficient ground for the House going into a Committee of enquiry on this subject . There was every appearance that in the course of no long period , the House would have to settle the amount of the civil list . This was an event to be looked forward to in the common course of nature ; and , 718 therefore , the House should not be unprepared to come to a right determination upon it . Upon all these grounds he should now move , '' That a Select Committee be appointed to consider of the charge upon the Civil List Revenue ; and that they do report the same , with their observations-thereupon , to the House . '' said , the hon . gentleman who had just sat down had so particularly called upon him , that he hoped the House would excuse him if he rose thus early in the debate . He should not follow the hon . gentleman through the whole of his statement , but he begged to mention one obvious reason why it appeared to him impossible , that , without injury to the public interests , and without injustice to private individuals , the House should grant the Committee moved for by the hon . gentleman , at least as far as it related to foreign ministers . He was sure the House was not aware of the detriment which frequently ensued from the publicity given to the dispatches of ministers sent by this country to foreign courts . In order to shew the injurious consequences which sometimes follow from the publication in this country of the dispatches of foreign ministers , he begged leave to state a circumstance that occurred to him in one of the missions in which he had had the honour of being employed It would be obvious to the House , that he could not , with propriety , mention the place , or the names of the persons to whom he was alluding ; but the fact be meant to state was , that it once happened to him , when employed upon a mission of considerable importance to the interests of this country , to be upon terms of the most confidential intimacy with the minister of an allied power , resident at the same court . That minister received dispatches , with the contents of which it was of essential consequence that he ( Mr. Arbuthnot ) should be acquainted . It was of the more consequence , because it frequently occurred that the ministers of foreign courts received more regular dispatches than our ministers did ; and , at the very time to which he was alluding , it did so happen that he had not received any dispatches from this country . The only means he had of ascertaining the relations subsisting between his own court and that of the minister to whom he was referring , were from a perusal of the dispatches received by that minister . He accordingly applied for , and obtained , permission to peruse those dispatches , which were of a 719 nature to make it evident that it was necessary for him to support the representations of that minister , and be had