those objections in point of morality which had been stated by the hon . mover ? He felt himself perfectly ready to meet any statesman upon this ground ; and he really believed that he would find few who had weakness enough to think , or hypocrisy enough to assert , that the whole trade with Europe ought to be abandoned on account of the immorality or the frauds necessarily practised in carrying it on . If the hon . gentlemen on the other side did not wish to give up the trade to the continent of Europe , ( and he was sure they did not , ) he thought that they were bound to state by what means they would propose it to be conducted without those frauds and immoralities of which they complained . Although he had been often taunted by an hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Whitbread ) with being the parent of the Orders in Council , and feeling a partiality for them on that account : yet , as to the system of licences , he was not the author of that , and had no prepossessions to indulge in its favour . If the gentlemen on the other side could point out any way in which the trade could be conducted without licences , he was read to listen with the utmost attention to their plan , but he was not prepared to say , that it might be right to reject altogether those palliatives , and adhere to the strict inexorable rule of the Orders in Council . The fact was , that the government was much importuned for licences by the merchants . The object of the licences was to protect their vessels from 1137 British seizures and condemnations ; for it was by other means that they calculated on evading the continental system , and introducing their merchandize . As the decrees of Buonaparté were directly against this trade , it was necessary to deceive our enemy in his own ports ; and this deception could be practised only by masking the property in such a manner , that it should appear to be neutral , and not coming within the scope of those decrees . Without licences , our merchants calculated on evading Buonaparté 's continental system ; but licences were necessary to protect them from the effect of our own maritime system . As to the forging of papers and French Consul 's certificates of origin , he was convinced that neither this , nor shewing false colours to the enemy , would be supposed so serious an immorality as to make us consent to abandon all our trade . At this kind of trade , government certainly connived , when licences were granted ; and he believed that the immorality of deceiving our enemy , and evading his unjust and barbarous decrees , notwithstanding all that had been urged by his hon . and learned friend , would not induce the House or the country to say that the export trade to the continent of Europe ought to be abandoned . If it were to be carried on , he believed it must be by modes somewhat similar to those in which it had hitherto been carried on ; and if it were abandoned on the alleged consideration , the ruined and starving manufacturers of this country would hardly know how to appreciate such a refinement in morality . If the Orders of Council were , however , to be entirely done away , and the Americans were allowed , without molestation , to carry the sugars of Cuba into France , and the manufactures of Germany into South America , while the British trade was subject to the French decrees , still there must be ( as had been said with respect to the existing system ) forgery in the origin , and perjury and fraud in the conclusion of the transactions . The American captains must swear that the goods were of American manufacture , and the correspondence must be forged also . He by no means meant to resort to the miserable plea