in his Majesty 's situation , which requires a large establishment about his person ? Does he see any of those persons who are now attached to his Household ? Certainly not . They must not approach him ; and , if they did , his medical attendants would forbid it . On what account , then , is it , that a very considerable establishment is sought to be formed ? The right hon . gentleman may say , his Majesty , perhaps , will regain a better state of health : we thought so last year , but we can not think so now . If , however , he did unexpectedly recover from his insanity the law would make provision for his resumption of the royal authority ; therefore , I see no necessity for the measure . Were his Majesty ready to resume the royal function , all the power and dignity of the sovereignty would immediately re- 164 vert to him , and thus all those proceedings be rendered nugatory . The House is told , that , on account of his Majesty 's diminished establishment , with respect to horses and carriages , a sum of 10,000l . should be granted to the Queen . How can this diminution be of any importance to her Majesty ? How can it affect her ? When his Majesty was in health , be made use of the greater part of the establishment for his own purposes ; now , when he is not in health , a reduction of course takes place . But , it is not a reduction which interferes with her Majesty 's comfort and convenience . It is merely a diminution of that which is no longer necessary for the sovereign . Why , therefore , that circumstance should put the Queen to any additional expense , so as to render the proposed grant fit and proper , is entirely beyond my comprehension.—The right hon . gentleman has observed , that there were expences attached to the situation of his Majesty , when in health , which would not attend the Prince Regent , so that his establishment might be on a more limited scale than that of his royal father , the family of the Prince not being so extensive . I am too little acquainted with the details of the Civil List to hazard any opinion on the subject ; but I think the proposed diminution will operate very forcibly , if the Prince Regent be expected to keep up the same degree of state and splendour as his Majesty did when he exercised the functions of royalty . For I am not of opinion , that the principal expences of the situation are incurred in the manner to which the right hon . gentleman alludes . The variation of three or four more or less in his own immediate family , can produce very little difference , to the Regent . But here I must repeat , that I can not give a decided opinion ; and that observation I may equally apply to every part of the right hon . gentleman 's statement.—These are the principal objections which occur to me at present : the perplexity of the plan , in particular , I can not get over . Parliament never was called on to grant money on an occasion , which demanded explanation more than the present . On this subject , most particularly , we ought to be convinced , that the application is well founded . It had often been alledged against us , that we are unnecessarily lavish of the public , money . Undoubtedly , I do not wish the House to take notice of any unjust remark which may be levelled at it , but I think we are 165 bound before we vote so large a sum , to make it clear to the public , particularly now , when their burthens are so great , that this additional grant is strictly warranted by the necessity of the case.—There is , Sir , another head of expence , on which I