sort was in the contemplation of government , he gave his complete assent to the motion . He was very happy that the amendment had received the concurrence of the right hon . 213 gent opposite , for it appeared to him to be indispensable to inquire into the abuses which he believed had crept into the police establishment . It was his determination to move for a list of the Police Magistrates who had been appointed , with heir several qualifications , in order to see whether the law on that subject had net been wholly disregarded , The 32nd of the king directed that the Police Magistrates should be appointed from the acting magistrates , and that their qualification should be the possession of 100l . a year in freehold property . He suspected that these enactments had been departed from , and he would take an early opportunity of ascertaining the fact . The subject was one of a wide range , and he trusted the House would closely investigate the cause of a rapid accumulation of crimes , of which the history of the country afforded no precedent . He attributed this , in a great measure , to the neglected state of our criminal code , the necessity for revising which had been maintained by almost all the great men who had written or spoken on the subject . It was lamentable to see the legislature so careless in a matter on which the lives and property of millions depended . The right hon . Secretary of State had professed to see no connection between the observations of his noble colleague with regard to the Pension I List , and the subject before the House . The connection was nevertheless intimate . If the morals of the higher classes were depraved , the general morals would be depraved also . The argument of the noble lord went to shew , that it was dishonest in public men to receive the public money without performing any public service . This example of dishonesty must spread through the whole community , and must have the effect of undermining every sound principle of justice and morality . , in acceding to the amendment , begged to disclaim all idea of imputing misconduct in the case of the police magistracy , either as to their appointment in the first instance , or with respect to their conduct on the present critical occasion . He had not at first thought it necessary that the words of the motion should be enlarged , because he conceived it to be a matter of course , that all necessary means of establishing security would be enquired into by the Committee . An hon . and learned gentleman had himself practised 214 upon him the facetiousness which he had , imputed to him , when he supposed that he looked upon any regulation of the police as a theoretical scheme . He entertained no such idea ; but he had thought , that the present question might be encumbered with speculative clogs , if enquiries were ingrafted on it relative , to the state of punishments , and the criminal code ; or , what was not impossible , since the members for Westminster were on the Committee , if an investigation was instituted as to the expedience of a reform in parliament . On the whole , he thought that a consideration of the means of prevention of crime , in the power of the police , would form a very proper accession to the present enquiry . began by animadverting upon what appeared to him to be the extraordinary conduct of the right hon . Secretary of State , upon a subject of such delicacy and importance . After the alarms that the recent atrocities had spread throughout every part of the metropolis ; after the general and feverish anxiety of the public for redress and protection , down came the right hon . gentleman to that House , and in order to remove at once , and effectually allay all alarm and anxiety whatever , solemnly proposed that a Committee should