proposed . There were , he said , other modes of enforcing the law for the more perfect keeping of these registers , already in the power of the bishops of the various dioceses . If the law , as it now stood , therefore , was ineffectual , the most simple and efficacious mode would be to invigorate it , and not , as the right hon . gentleman wished , shape out an entirely new course . But there appeared to be some reason for this total change , which was , that it would lead to a source of revenue , as new offices would be created , and stamps were to be necessary before extracts were given from the records . The object was , however , desirable , though great care and attention was necessary in framing the Bill . observed , that if the clergy , as well as the laity , had considered the Bill with the same spirit of conciliation that had actuated the House , much of the ill-blood to which it had given rise would have been spared . He was convinced that the right hon . gentleman had only the public benefit in view , as was shewn by his conduct during the last year , when he procured his act to be circulated through the country , courting objections and amendments to it . His chief design , in now rising , was to contradict an opinion , which he was informed had gone 949 abroad , that this Bill was introduced at the suggestion and for the benefit of certain dissenters . In truth , of all persons , they would receive the least advantage from it : indeed they were called upon , perhaps unnecessarily , compulsorily to deliver in registers which were not before required . He said unnecessarily , because they had already a much better means than was here offered , of preserving them with the utmost regularity , and with little or no danger , from accidental causes . They had besides , this additional merit , that they were registers of births , and not of baptisms . He had been commissioned last year to learn from those with whom he was particularly connected , whether the dissenters had any objection , as far as related to them , to comply with the proposed measure , and he was happy to say that they had no wish to start any difficulty . replied in a few words , denying that patronage or revenue were in the slightest degree connected with the design of the measure . With regard to the first , the little there was of it was entirely with the archbishop of Canterbury ; and the second was answered by saying , that it would not produce one farthing . , in pursuance of a previous notice , rose to move , `` That a Select Committee be appointed to inquire into the application of the various sums received as Droits of the Crown and of Admiralty . '' He observed , that when he formerly submitted a similar proposal to the House , it was resisted on various grounds , but principally it was urged that he had not chosen a convenient time for the adoption of his Resolutions , pending a certain contract which was said to have been entered into with the crown , at the commencement of the present reign , for the establishment of the civil list . Such an objection could not now be urged , and from the general result of the debate , the country had certainly every reason to hope that an inquiry of a most important nature would now be commenced , preparatory to a new and general settlement of the civil list revenue . He did not believe that on the previous debate one hon . gentleman had denied the right of the House to examine into the application , as Well as into the amount of this fund , and the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had told the House , that fully conscious