the nightly watch of this city , it could be inquired into within three hours ; but the general state of the police of the metropolis could not be inquired into satisfactorily within as many months ; what was to be done in the interval ? In the year 1780 , he had submitted to that House a motion on the then state of the police , and when he complained of the conduct of the lord lieutenant of the county , for whom , however he entertained a great personal respect , the repartee he got in return was , being told that himself , and his friends general Fitzpatrick and general Burgoyne , were put in the commissions of the peace , and were bound to do their duty—so that every man that attempted to complain , was threatened to be made a magistrate of . But was there not some inherent vice in the system ? Was there no jobbing in the appointment of some of those police magistrates ? Would the right hon . gentleman say that there were no jobs in the making of those appointments ? Were not many persons kept in these situations who were totally unfit to discharge the duties attached to them ? The worthy baronet ( sir F. Burdett ) had mentioned his intention of moving for names ; this certainly might be considered as an invidious task , but ought not to deter a man from doing what he considered his duty . For some of the police magistrates 218 he entertained the highest respect , and he mentioned with pleasure the name of Mr. Aaron Graham , who had rendered the public considerable services , in his conduct in the superintendence of the hulks . He thought , too , that the magistrates of Bow-street office had been uniformly active and vigilant . But what should he say of the magistrates of Shadwell ? How should he attempt to describe a conduct , in which folly and rashness were constantly endeavouring to make amends for the grossest neglect of duty ? At one time we saw them mixing in the indiscriminate cry of the mob , and greedily indulging in the prodigality of seizing upon every man with a torn coat and a dirty shirt ; and at another , leaving Williams with all the means necessary to commit self-murder ; let one fact speak more strongly than words could do to their general conduct . It was now very well known that this Williams was not an Irishman , that not only no one circumstance came out to justify that suspicion , but all that did come out proved him not to have been an Irishman . However , the prejudice of the hour would have him an Irishman , and as it was once bruited about , it was generally believed . In the midst of the operation of this prejudice seven unfortunate Irishmen were taken up upon the strong suspicion of foul linen . They were examined , and after having been made to cross themselves , they were confined together in a close room below . The next evening some noise being heard , and perhaps no very moderate one , the magistrates inquired into the cause of this uproar , and they were told , '' Oh ! it is nothing , but those horrid Irish , who can never be quiet . '' It turned out , however , that in this instance at least , those Irishmen had no great cause to be contented , for they had been confined in this hole of a room for twenty two hours with out a bed to be upon , or a morsel of bread , or a drop of water to refresh them ! And what did the magistrates ? They recollected luckily the circumstance , and told their officers , `` do for God 's sake get those fellows some bread and cheese , and then bring them before us , and we will apologise for the trouble we have given them , and discharge them ! '' This , he