a committee on the state of the nation still more expedient . It seemed to him a singular determination , reflecting on past events , that Mr. Perceval should be the sine quâ non of every new administration , particularly when he was almost the only decided enemy of the Catholics claims , the concession of which would be the salvation or the refusal the ruin of the nation . , in explanation , said , that he was not aware of any recent circumstances 1030 to alter his opinion on the Catholic question . He made no confession of any new opinions , but felt as he always did on that subject . But when his right hon . friend had been accused of inconsistency , he asked , was he guilty of more inconsistency than lords Grey and Grenville , when those noble lords took lords Sidmouth , Erskine , and Ellenborough , into their councils ; or was it their intention to have left lord Sidmouth in the lurch as soon as the Catholic question should be started ? Or did they act differently from his right hon . friend , when , in their memorandum laid before the King , they reserved to themselves the right of vote , in their individual capacity , for the Catholic question ? felt it necessary to take up the attention of the House but for a few moments . He begged leave , in the most positive manner , to state , that neither lords Grey or Grenville did , at any period of their political lives , much less in the formation of the government at which they were at the head , hold out any idea that the Catholic claims were not to be deemed a government question : on the contrary , previously to their dismissal from office , they expressly stated , that they ever would reserve to themselves , whenever the subject was introduced into parliament , the right of advising the King as a government , and not merely as individuals.—As to the proposal to join the present administration , he would say a few words . Of lord Grenville it was not permitted him to speak , but of lord Grey , he would pronounce , that if any man had been more conspicuous than another in the country for public honour and private faith , for public purity and private worth , that man was lord Grey . Such a character was he , that there was not any person , however high , who might not go with that noble lord with more honour into the obscurity of retirement , than follow the right hon . gentleman to the most dazzling heights of power . How vain was it , then , to speak of such a coalition ! The offer of his Royal Highness he would always consider as dictated by responsible advisers , and it was an offer that never was intended to be accepted , but was , in fact , meant to be refused . It was a mockery , which merited and could receive only rejection . He only regretted , indeed , that his Royal Highness could ever have been brought to think so ill of those noble lords ; as to imagine that in one short year they 1031 could have been capable of deserting their principles . If `` character was the strength of a country , '' then surely the character of the public men of England was its bulwark ; and its government could be respected abroad or loved at home , only inasmuch as that government was composed of such public men as placed principle above every other object . The noble lords had certainly `` no predilections to indulge , no resentments to gratify ; '' but at the same time the right hon . gentleman and the noble lord should know , that for base lucre they had no principle to lose . would not trouble the House at length on the question before it , because whatever the hon . baronet might honestly think of the