readiness of parliament to second every object contained in the excellent and constitutional Speech which he had this day delivered to them , through the medium of the Lords Commissioners.—The hon . gent . concluded with thanking the House for the kind attention with which they had honoured him , and seconding the Amendment moved by lord Jocelyn , with which he entirely coincided . put the question , and the gallery was ordered to be cleared for a division , when rose , and said , as he observed the hon . baronet was determined to press the question to a division , he would briefly state why , concurring with him as he did , on many of the points connected with the present calamitous state of the country , he could not give his vote in favour of the Address he had proposed . He could not give him his vote , because , though he did concur in many of these points , there were others on which he could not agree . There were , indeed , many topics introduced , which might better have been withheld for future opportunities , and others which involved the character of individuals , on which he was not competent as yet to make up his judgment . But , as on the one hand , he could not go with the hon . baronet , so neither on the other hand could he accede to the Amendment of the noble lord , which also went to carry him much further than he had as yet seen reason for proceeding . said , he was not present when the hon . baronet made his speech ; but he had heard the Address read , and in it there were particular words which impelled him to offer to the House a few observations . The whole of that Address he certainly reprobated ; but the particular words to which he alluded , were those which went to stigmatize the character of a learned judge , and were , in substance , that that learned judge , in his eagerness to convict , had anticipated a verdict of Guilty on the trial of Mr. White . 44 He would take upon himself to say , that this statement of the hon . baronet , with respect to lord Ellenborough , was wholly unfounded . It was well known , that he man could discharge the duties of his high station with more liberal justice than that learned lord ; and as to the trial which was particularly adduced , he would venture to say , that no defence could be heard more patiently than that which Mr. White thought proper to make , irregular as it was in many of its points . Mr. White made many objections on the legality of what was urged against him : those objections he argued by his counsel , but he did not commit his defence to his legal assistant . Both his counsel and himself were heard with singular forbearance : their objections were heard over and over again ; and he was confident , that during the whole of the trial not one word fell from the noble lord which could in the slightest manner justify the assertion , that he was so eager for a conviction as to anticipate the verdict . Indeed , he was at a loss to conceive what part it was of the language of the noble lord on that occasion , which gave rise to the severe comment of the hon . baronet . , in explanation , said , that what he founded his assertion upon , was that part of lord Ellenborough 's language to Mr. White , where his lordship advised that gentleman to reserve his evidence until he should be brought up for judgment . It is evident , from the explanation of the hon . baronet himself , that lord Ellenhorough acted even a humane part . It is plain , that lord Ellenborough only advised Mr. White to reserve his evidence for affidavits , in mitigation of punishment : which