constitution and to the people , in whose hearts , she reigned , for assistance against her enemies.—It was said , that these foreigners were merely Germans , and he was ready to confess , that he saw more danger in a few mercenaries within these walls than in the employment of thousands out of it . The hon . colonel had eulogized colonel Quintin , but although this might be perfectly well merited , he thought the benefit of his services in teaching a new mode of riding might have been procured without raising him over the heads of native officers.—But while we were thus admitting foreigners , was it not extraordinary that any regulation should subsist against the enlistment of Irishmen ; and would it not be a more expedient policy to reconcile that large body of his Majesty 's subjects , and call in their aid under the pressure of so many difficulties ? —The noble lord who had attempted an answer to the 'motion , had treated the Act of Settlement as a repealed act , but the preamble read by the right hon . bart . was pretty satisfactory on that head . Much as was talked of the constitution , the right hon . gentlemen on the other side did not seem very able to state what it was . In his opinion , the Act of Settlement was a contract between the crown and the people of these realms , equally binding upon both , and on which the right of allegiance essentially depended . As to the practice of enlisting foreigners at the same time that the government were prosecuting our own seamen for high-treason in serving under the enemy , it appeared to him to be altogether unjustifiable . He could not perceive the analogy between this case and the offences constituting , on other occasions , the crime of high-treason ; and he hoped this consideration might serve to prevent the execution of the unfortunate men lately tried and convicted . With respect to the material part of the question , he was inclined to argue very differently , from the consideration of the perilous and distressed state of the country . He would say in such circumstances , 'Adhere to 1247 your fundamental laws , remove those grievances which are notorious , and which excite the murmurs and the loud complaints of the people , and strengthen their affections towards you by an unremitting attention to their interests and desires . ' Instead of all this , it was now recommended to us to dismiss the Act of Settlement as inconvenient , and to guard against the establishment of a foreign despotism , by the erection of a domestic one among ourselves . He had now only just to notice the objection of the noble lord , grounded on the danger of publication , and would beg leave to ask , if their names were not already in the Army List ? said , the question was not whether the acts of the 44th and 46th of the present reign ought to be repealed , but whether they justified the practice now adopted ? Did the facts of the case made out before the House justify the description of the hon . bart . in stating all the fences of the constitution to be broken down ? As to what had been said with respect to the impolicy of admitting foreigners while prosecuting our own seamen , suppose the case of our having employed the troops under marquis Romana , who had been forced into the enemy 's service , instead of sending them to Spain , would that have been improper ? Now , the clause in the Act of Settlement itself , prohibiting the employment of foreigners , was subsequently introduced , for the purpose of guarding against a particular contingency . It was true , as stated by a right hon . baronet , that the preamble was the key of the statute , but he could not think it was to lock up the fair interpretation of any particular clause , uncontrouled by any definition