last session ; his opinion of the neglect with which the American minister was treated by a mi- 55 nister of this country , the marquis Wellesley . He had moved for papers calculated to throw a light upon that subject , but the minister and the House had refused them . Instead of a spirit of conciliation , the measures of our ministers towards America appeared to him to have been conceived in the spirit of commercial subjugation . When those measures were first proposed , they were denounced by many , as calculated to plunge us into a war , but no change was made in the system after four years experience of its mischiefs . On the contrary , resort was had to the basest subterfuge , and , up to this moment , it was pertinaciously persisted in , when America was about to put herself in a situation to ally with France and oppose our obstinacy by a war . If a minister at the head of the foreign department had observed a contumelious silence ; if , when demands were complied with , no answer was returned ; if , when a fact was stated , a flat denial was given to that fact ; if a minister was sent out to make demands which America would not concede to , could he call that the spirit of conciliation ? If so , a spirit of conciliation had certainly governed our councils ! America had published the papers that had passed between Mr. Foster and Mr. Monroe . Did they disclose such a spirit ? The fact was , that we had acted in a spirit , and upon principles , which any government that adopted must reckon upon never being at peace . It was said that the Berlin and Milan Decrees were not repealed , but America was satisfied that they were . ( Hear , hear ! from the ministerial benches ) . She , he would repeat , was satisfied that they were ; but she , it seems , must borrow wisdom from the minister of Great Britain ; she must call in the assistance of that minister who had brought such blessings on his own country , and such disaster upon its enemies ; of that minister who had endeavoured to withhold bark from the French hospitals , and who had made a desart of the Exchange : she must borrow wisdom from him ! Such was the confidence which ministers had in the system they had pursued with respect to that country , that he had no doubt , if a motion was this moment made for papers , they would be refused . It was certainly a matter of congratulation that the difference about the Chesapeake was adjusted ; if that was the only difference , the circumstance had been happy indeed ; but when he saw that , on the remaining subjects , 56 nothing less than war could be anticipated , he must withhold the compliment required to the past conduct of the government.—There was also in the Address a great want of an explicit declaration as to what was intended towards the East India company . It was impossible for him to conclude without noticing an observation which had fallen from the noble lord ( lord Jocelyn ) on the former night ; he should at all times feel himself bound to notice , in order to express his abhorrence of such maxims . He understood the noble lord to have stated , that it was impossible to make peace with France in consequence of the personal character of her emperor . He ( Mr. W. ) did not recollect , in all the details of history , one instance in which the private character of the ruler was advanced as a reason for denying peace to the people of a country ; he saw no reason for not making peace with him in whose hands the destinies of France were placed at present , any more than with the Bourbons when they presided : and the contrary opinion was always to be