he had never seen any official document to that effect , and if such had really existed , surely America would not have failed to produce it , considering that the whole of the negociation hung on that single point : in fact , no proof existed of those Decrees having been ever revoked . A promise indeed had been held out , that they would be revoked , as far as concerned America , by a given time , provided this country should , in the mean time , revoke her Orders in Council , and renounce her system of blockade . The other alternative proposed was , that America should assert and maintain the independence of her flag . How , then , could those Decrees be considered as revoked , when none of those requisite conditions had been fulfilled ? Was England , in order to obtain that revocation , to abandon her system of blockading , in their ports , the fleets of the enemy ? He did not mean that artificial blockade existing only on paper , but that real and substantial blockade , solemnly acknowledged by the laws of nations ; system , on which the safety of this country and her maritime rights so essentially depended ; a system , which had so effectually prevented the enemy from obtaining his favourite objects , `` ships , colonies , and commerce . '' The right hon . gentleman would then examine how far America had been able to execute the other alternative left to her , namely , to assert and maintain the independence of her flag . As to what that independence was , there had been many versions , but one had been lately received from Hamburgh , by which an American vessel was said to be 'denationalized ' if she had touched at a British port , had been visited by an English man of war , or even kept company with her . How was America , the right hon . gentleman would ask , to assert and maintain the independence of her flag so defined ; and , in case 63 of her not complying with the necessary condition , how could the obnoxious Decrees be considered as revoked ? Were America even able in that instance to comply with the wishes of France , was it likely England would consent to it , as it would , in fact , be giving up the right of searching merchant vessels for English seamen and contraband goods ? The right hon . gentleman concluded that part of his speech by expressing a hope , that nothing had fallen from him which could be construed as militating against the conciliatory measures which it was the most sincere wish of ministers to follow towards America.—As to India , which had formed another topic of the hon . gentleman 's speech , the case was simply this : the charter of the East India Company was very near expiring ; vast acquisitions of territory had been obtained in that part of the world ; and , under the existing circumstances , it had been thought advisable to take the sense of Parliament on any new system which might be adopted , to secure to this country the utmost advantage from the resources of our Eastern empire . This was a subject for future consideration , and any details on that head would have been ill placed in the Speech.—As to the abhorrence expressed by the hon . gentleman at the doctrine supposed to be held out by his noble friend ( lord Jocelyn ) , that the personal character of a ruler might be a sufficient ground to refuse entering into negotiation with him , he was glad to find that his noble friend had disclaimed it , as he certainly did for his own part ; but surely his noble friend , or any other gentleman , might , in the course of debate , allude to particularities in the character of such a ruler , which rendered peace with him rather improbable . The right hon . gentleman said he had