, either in that assembly or in any other deliberative assembly , that it would be much more for their advantage to receive concessions in the way of an arrangement and a regulation . He could not conceive it to be proper policy for that House , either upon the present or any other occasion , to resolve itself into a committee to enquire , when no individual member had been able to suggest to them a tolerable idea of what it was expected that such a committee would be able to do . As for the Catholic mind , he could not suppose that it was now very materially altered from what it was when he had communications with them , and when he supposed such an arrangement was practicable . A right hon . gentleman , ( Mr. Grattan , ) who had been the chief advocate of their claims in that House , and who had certainly brought forward those claims at all times in a manner the most likely to produce conciliation , had stated , on a former occasion , that he would not propose the measure without conceiving that it might be coupled with such an arrangement as would protect the country from any patronage 638 exercised by the Pope , who might be under the controul of the foreign enemy . He would wish to ask the right hon . gentleman this day , whether such was now his opinion , and whether the Catholics coincided with that view ? He had been informed , that the Catholic clergy would consent to no such arrangement ; and that they had stated , that from the deference which they owed to the Pope , they could not agree to it without his full consent . They represented , that they would consider it a crime to take advantage of the present weakness and captivity of their sovereign pontiff . Here , then , a very serious difficulty occurred ; and it remained to be seen , whether there were not means of making such an arrangement , that the church of Ireland might be as independant of the Pope , as , by other arrangements , the church has become in many other Catholic countries . It would be necessary on this point to look to the Catholic mind and judgment in other countries . He conceived that it would be infinitely more for the interest of the Catholic body that such an arrangement should be made , as the ecclesiastical as well as the lay part of their community could agree to . In the year 1801 he did feel that there was a difficulty almost insurmountable in the state of the public mind at that time upon the question.—There was also another obstacle which he had then despaired of being able to overcome . A very strong impression prevailed in a very high quarter against those claims . It was no transient opinion that there was hope of being able to change ; it was a fixed principle , proceeding from the feeling of an obligation imposed under the sanctity of an oath . With such an impression on his mind , this was a case in which that high person could not be expected to take the advice of ministers . If the two Houses of Parliament had passed the measure , there was every reason to suppose that he would have given the negative which the constitution allowed him to do . In such circumstances , and to prevent the royal negative being given , if the two Houses had agreed to the prayer of the petition , he thought that it was much the best way not at that time to agitate a question which could not then be successful . For his part , he was not one of those who entertained such an opinion of the effect of the coronation-oath . He never thought that the oath could have validity to interfere with the decision of 639 the legislature on any question relating to the public good ; but still the obstacle was of a nature which