principle of legal analogy , that the offender happened to be a minor . Minors were held responsible for all transgressions against the criminal law . The proceedings in cases of defamation were considered as of a mixed nature , regarding both punishment and reparation . It was what was called 'casus criminals civiliter intentatus , ' but there was no court of law in the country , in which the minority of the wrong-doer would be considered as an excuse . All the hardships which the present petitioner could complain of arose merely from her own contumacy . If she had appeared to the citation , what could she have been sentenced to , except the performance of penance , and the payment of the costs ? The penance , inflicted in such cases , was by no means grievous ; persons were not asked to go into church in a white sheet , or any thing of that sort ; but merely to retire into the vestry-room , and in the presence of two or three of the friends of the injured party , to ask pardon and promise to be more guarded in future . This was certainly no very severe punishment ; and as to the costs , they would not have exceeded twenty shillings in the first instance . No punishment could well be conceived lighter for such an offence . The noble lord would give him credit for some experience in his profession , and he could assure him that he had often known the peace of families entirely disturbed , and husbands parted from their wives , merely on account of such expressions used by strangers which the wife could not resolve to bring before the regular tribunals . If parties , by their own contumacy , made it necessary to appeal to the 308 temporal courts , to sanction the decrees of the ecclesiastical courts , they alone were answerable for the increased costs they would be obliged to pay ; and it was hard to charge the expence as incidental to the proceedings in the spiritual courts . It certainly happened sometimes , that a person might in some degree deserve the reproaches thrown out against him . A woman might , at some time in her life , have had an accidental failing ; and yet that would not give to every person a right to pursue her with reproaches in the public streets to the latest period of her life . It was evident that she was entitled to protection in such cases from the law , and that some moderate punishment ought to be inflicted on the offender . The expences of law proceedings in all courts , had lately been much enhanced by the stamps and duties which the necessities of the state had imposed upon suitors ; but unless when the party chose to appear in formâ pauperis , the tribunals knew nothing about the circumstances of the litigants , or their comparative wealth or poverty . The cry which had been raised about the expence of the proceedings in the cases alluded to , arose from the length of time which the proceedings lasted , on account of the contumacy of the parties who afterwards complained , and the necessity of appealing to the temporal courts to enforce the sentence of the spiritual courts.—When these circumstances were duly considered , he trusted , that the House would not feel indignation even at finding that parties sometimes were put to considerable expence from persisting in their original injustice . He would allow , that the expence of the law , in many cases , pressed with peculiar hardship , on the poor ; but still he feared , that this circumstance was inseparable from the condition of human society . At all events , the law must be maintained ; the constituted tribunals must enforce submission to their sentences ; and persons who were cited to appear before them , must be compelled to obey the summons.—Contemplating the case in all its various bearings , he would ask , where was the necessity which called on