. '' It was , in his opinion , idle and nugatory to enact such a law , as it would be impossible that any good purpose could be answered by it . With regard to the objection of extending the punishment of death , he begged the House to recollect , that this was only intended as a temporary measure , to meet a pressing temporary evil ; and that the hope was , that the terror of death might put a speedy end to the present unlawful and alarming proceedings in Nottingham , and the neighbouring counties . If the state of the town and county of Nottingham were considered , no gentleman would contend that the dis- 837 turbances ought to be allowed to exist . He did assure those gentlemen who had done him the opportunity of viewing his conduct in a favourable light , that he highly prized their good opinion . In what he had done towards restoring order , however , there was no merit attached to him or his colleagues . In the execution of their duty , ( a melancholy one it was ) they had been guided by a wish to preserve the public tranquillity . He would much rather , however , have had the mischief attributed in some degree to his own supineness , than that its ravages should have occasioned unmerited censure upon the local exertions of the authorities with in the immediate scene of action . The conduct of the magistrates was exemplary throughout the county . With respect to the exertions of the town magistrates , these were limited to the district , but were not less laudable . In considering the Bill , the House would recollect that the mischief must be put down in some way or other . The efforts of the magistrates , though meritorious , were still found to be ineffectual . The question was not an insulated one ; it was not a question which affected the manufacturing interests of that particular district , but the whole of the manufacturers throughout the kingdom . The outrages endangered the public tranquillity in a very great degree , and if by this Bill men should for the future be deterred from the commission of similar crimes , the House in passing the Bill had done their duty . He did not mean to affirm that the Bill could give facility of detection . That of making the offence capital , would have the effect of deterring men from crimes . When men knew publicly that parliament regarded their offences in a heinous light , and that it was the determination of the executive to send judges specially down , and not wait for the ordinary assizes , to try offenders , it was fair to conclude that the object would be accomplished . At all events , it was unanimously admitted that the evil existed , but no gentleman on the other side of the House had , though he objected to the present measure , come forward with a remedy for that evil . Therefore , under these circumstances the House would , he trusted , adopt the Bill now in progress , as the rejection of it might produce effects which no one could anticipate . said , that after the outrages which had been committed , he would vote for the Bill going to a committee ; but 838 when it had passed , he should be glad to know what security there would be for its being enforced : Why was the law already in existence suffered to slumber , without making any trial of its efficacy ? Why had ministers suffered those riots to go on for two or three months ? No one could persuade him that the right hon . gentleman deserved any praise . He should not have waited for any information , or expected to derive any assistance from the country magistrates . Was not the right hon . gentleman the chief magistrate , and ought he not to have directed the rest ? He hoped the House would institute some enquiry