afflicted when more than seventy years of age recovered , they were not to consider his Majesty 's recovery as more hopeless than in that proportion , even if the extraordinary strength of his constitution furnished no additional ground for hope . Bearing these considerations in mind , the right hon . gent . said he should now proceed to lay before the Committee what he conceived to be the principal objects which they had to keep in view . In the first instance , the exercise of the royal authority being suspended in the person of the King , it had been necessary for them to consider in what manner it should be supplied ; and in the next place , they were to take into their consideration the nature of the provision which it would be necessary to make for the maintenance and comfort of the King daring his illness . With respect to the first , a provision had already been made for supplying the executive power , which gave to the Prince Regent the full powers of royalty at the expiration of six weeks from the commencement of the present session ; so that , as the law now stood , by about the 18th of February , all the authority , as well as all the duties of the sovereign , would devolve on him ; and , unless some provision were made for his Majesty 's Household , the Civil List also . If nothing were done by Parliament , the executive power would be complete ; but there would be no arrangement , for the maintenance and personal dignity and comfort of his Majesty . The House had had in their view , in the last session of Parliament , the necessity of 154 making such an arrangement , and therefore provided that the restrictions on the Regent should continue till six weeks after Parliament had met , in order to give them an opportunity of considering of what they were now called upon to consider , namely , of making a provision suitable to maintain the dignity , and supply the comforts which were necessary to his Majesty 's present situation . On this subject , two considerations naturally suggested themselves ; the first was , from what fund , and from what source , were the provision and attendants to be drawn ? The second was , as to the nature and extent of the provision to be made ? With respect to the first , he thought be need have no hesitation in saying , that his Majesty 's present Civil List , and his present officers and servants , ought to constitute the fund and the source from which the necessary provisions and attendants should be taken . It was not in the ordinary coarse of thing , when making a provision for an individual in his Majesty 's present situation , to draw it from any other source than that which might be considered as peculiarly his own . In making the arrangement which be should have the honour to propose , it was the duty of the Committee to look not only to the probability or improbability of his Majesty 's recovery , but to have in their contemplation another event , which was perhaps more likely and more probable than his ultimate recovery . That event was a partial recovery , which , though not such as to fit his Majesty for resuming the reins of government , might yet afford him the means of tasting more comfort and enjoyment than he could participate in at present ; a state in which he might be so far restored to reason , as to be sensible of what he was , and what he is . In the event of his so far awaking to a sense of his situation , it was natural to suppose that his feelings would be less hurt to find , not merely the same individuals about him who had formerly attended him , but the same officers he had been used to , than to find every thing changed , and