the differences between the two countries ; but , on the contrary , was satisfied that it might be attended with a great deal of inconvenience and mischief . If , however , he should be forced into a discussion of the justice and policy of the Orders in Council , he would follow the hon . gentleman through the latter branches of them , as he had done through the former ; and had no doubt but he could prove what he now asserted , —that they were neither unjust nor impolitic . The hon . gentleman had asserted that even those who had framed the Orders had been disappointed in their expectations of the effect which would be produced by them . In this assertion the hon . gentleman would find himself much mistaken . He denied also that there was any evidence of the mercantile interest in general , considering the Orders in Council as injurious to trade . If they did , they must have forgot the prostrate state of our commerce previous to the issuing of the Orders in Council ; and its prosperous condition since that time : the whole forming the strongest body of evidence that ever appeared on such a subject . With respect to what the hon . gentleman had said about the annihilation of America , he would ask him when or where he had heard a wish expressed , that America should be annihilated ? For his part he had never heard any wish expressed with regard to the dispute with America but one , and that was , that a war with that country ought to be avoided , if it could be done without that utter ruin to the maritime rights and commerce of Great Britain which must be the consequence of yielding to the arrogant pretensions of France . ( Hear , hear ! ) When 774 the possible annihilation of America in the event of a war was contemplated , it was only from an idea of the resistance that in such an event the Americans would be likely to make to the measures of their own government . He was however far from thinking with the hon . gentleman that the more America flourished the more Great Britain must necessarily flourish . When the hon . gentleman talked of adopting a proper line of conduct with regard to America , he well understood what was meant by that ; it meant , that we were to allow her to take up the whole carrying trade ; nay , even the whole coasting trade of France ; that we ought to consent to her carrying on the whole commerce of our enemy without interruption . That was the amount of the proposition ; and what was more extraordinary , the hon . gentleman asserted , that all this would be for the benefit of our commerce ! This , he confessed , appeared to him a paradox , of which he should be glad to hear an explanation . The moral effects of the system established by the Orders in Council , had also been the subject of animadversion : but the hon . gentleman was mistaken there as well as in his other positions . He ( Mr. S. ) denied that they were the source of these moral effects , and did not see what good end it could answer to advert to the subject . No man could more deplore whatever moral depravity might be the effect of the measures pursued by our enemy : but the fault lay with the enemy , and not with this country . When the hon . gentleman spoke of frauds and perjuries , he ought to have stated where these chiefly prevailed . They took place principally in the intercourse with the north of Europe in the Baltic trade , where the Orders of Council had now no operation . The orders of May , June , and January , had confined the previous orders to the countries immediately subject to the controul of France , though the continental system , as it was called