the commencement of his speech . had anticipated the turn which the discussion had taken ; namely , to a consideration of the principles on which the new administration—if it could be so called—was formed . It was painful to an individual standing almost alone , unbacked by any party , to express his opinion on this subject ; but it was a duty from which he had determined not to shrink . In the formation of a new administration , there were two material questions that pressed themselves upon the country , and on his mind : the one the military transactions abroad ; the other the peace and tranquillity of the empire , and especially of Ireland . To the military transactions he gave his warmest 1036 praise ; he should most strenuously support any government that could carry them on as they had been carried on for the last two years . But it was material to consider upon what grounds the tranquillity of the kingdom was to rest . On a former night he had opposed the motion concerning the Catholics of Ireland , because it involved a censure of ministers whom he did not deem censurable , and because he did not think the mode of bringing forward the motion well chosen . He did not approve of the mode , because he conceived that much more benefit would result from the question being brought before parliament by the executive government . Now , however , the matter was changed , and he deemed it a most serious question , when what bad been heard from two ministers that night was considered , namely , that the doors were now to be shut for ever against those claims . ( Hear ! hear ! ) He could collect no other meaning , but that as long as the government continued on its present basis , there was no chance of that question originating with it . Petitions , indeed , might be received from Ireland ; but the hope he entertained that the Catholic question would be brought forward as a measure of government , was now lost for ever . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer said that a time might come when those claims might be allowed , but he did not see when it could come . What subtleties ! What refinements ! It was objected to an orator of old , that he dealt too much in refinement : `` Aye , '' said he , `` but I speak to Athenians . '' To whom did the right hon . gentleman speak ? To what people were those distinctions addressed ? To a people who had warm and generous hearts to feel , but not minds qualified to discriminate ; to persons ; unenlightened , rude , and uncultivated ; who believed in certain mysteries which staggered our faith , but which certainly did not exceed the mysteries of those refinements . The declarartion , however , amounted to this ; to a denunciation of perpetual and hopeless exclusion , as long as the right hon . gentleman remained in office . The noble lord had said , that his opinion had remained the same as his ( Mr. Canning 's ) when they were in office together . But had nothing happened since ? He thought he might state it constitutionally—and be stated it as a principle upon which he acted in taking office , and , upon which he acted in 1037 office—that the sovereign had a right to an individual opinion upon all subjects presented to him by his cabinet ; and they who questioned that , must question many of the acts of king William , many of the acts of that period nearest the renovation of our constitution , and when we had a natural jealousy of all that could impair its freshness.—It was a question for that administration to decide upon , to which the noble lord had alluded , whether they would press their opinion at all risks , or whether they would leave the conscience of their sovereign unwrung