represented it as a matter of little importance . thought the power which was given to the crown , of granting offices in reversion , was disadvantageous to the crown itself , because it afforded an opportunity to mortgage the right of the successor . He did not mean to contend that it would be desirous to abolish the power of conferring rewards for meritorious services in reversion , but that those rewards would be best vested in parliament . He agreed , however , with the right hon . gentleman , that the subject was not of much moment , under the present state of things . rose and said ; Sir , although I have often expressed my sentiments upon this question , I can not refrain from troubling the House with a very few words . I can not at all agree that this is a matter of little importance , on the contrary , it appears to me to be of very considerable magnitude , even in an economical point of view ; because nothing can be 699 more unfit than that it should be in the power of any minister , when it is convenient to him to call to his own aid , that money which ought only to be the resource of the crown , and to apply it to his own purposes , so as to carry , by force of influence , a measure perhaps highly disagreeable , or even injurious , to the nation . The conduct pursued by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer on the present occasion , strikes me as somewhat extraordinary : formerly he voted for the Bill , because he said it was of little importance : now he votes against the Bill , because , he says , it is of little importance . The same reason of its being of little importance serves his purpose equally well for or against the measure , as occasion may require . It is not , however , of such light consequence as it relates to the proceedings of the House , in which it has been so repeatedly and unanimously adopted too , in conformity to the opinion of the country , scarcely less unanimous ; now , however , for the first time , it is contended that the Bill should be rejected , and the very reason assigned for its rejection , is the very reason why it ought to be countenanced . Undoubtedly if this opposition should be successful , it will neither be very flattering t '' the consistency or sagacity of the House , which has shewn a strong partiality to the measure , and has persevered in it session after session , and at the time when it imagined its labours would be crowned with success , the Chancellor of the Exchequer Steps forward , and , without even any plausible cause being urged , says that he does not approve of the Bill , that it is of little consequence whether it passes or not ; but that it shall not pass , because it does not suit his wishes . If members suffer themselves to be so trifled with , it will certainly do little credit to their consistency . Of this I am certain , that if the House consents to it , the public will be by no means satisfied with the abandonment of a measure to which they have directed their anxious eyes ; they are persuaded that the measure is a good one , and if it be now rejected , they will not fail to attribute it to the right cause—the undue influence which the continuance of the practice places in the power of the minister . If the Bill be negatived , it undoubtedly will not have the effect of raising the character of the House in public estimation . explained , that he opposed the Bill on the ground that the objects to be attained by it 700 were of so little importance , that more injury might be expected to result from a discordance in the legislature