for summoning their lordships on that day , with the view of postponing it till Friday , the 24th instant . His noble friend was decidedly of the same opinion with himself , that the situation of Ireland had been brought to a crisis , and that it must now be decided what were to be the future relations between this country and that . The reason , however , which induced his noble friend to wish the postponement of the motion was , that in the additional 73 interval some noble lords might be expected to arrive , particularly those who represented in that House the peerage of Ireland ; and whilst from that courtesy and respect which was due to noble lords , his noble friend wished for a little further delay ; a strong additional motive also was the advantage which might be expected from hearing the sentiments of the noble lords he had alluded to , who from their more intimate and personal knowledge of the events which had recently taken place in Ireland , might be enabled to give the House some valuable information . This was the only ground on which it was wished to delay the question , and there would not , if possible , be any further delay . observed , that a partial statement of the revenue of the country had been made elsewhere , and was probably now in the hands of their lordships . He could not applaud that conduct as manly , where the individual endeavoured to deceive himself and to shut his eyes to the difficulties of the country , still less could he call by the name of patriotism an attempt to deceive the country . He should therefore move for Accounts of the Produce of the Consolidated Fund , of the War Taxes , and of the annual Land and Malt for the years ending the 6th of January , 1810 , and the 5th of January , 1811 , in order that a true statement might be before the House , and to the production of these accounts he supposed there could be no objection . said he should not object to the motion . With respect to the statement elsewhere , he had not seen it , but he was satisfied it would be found that no attempt had been made by an individual to deceive himself , as alluded to by a the noble lord , or still less to deceive the country.—The motions were agreed to . rose to move the appointment of a Select Committee , to examine the Physicians in attendance on his Majesty , touching the state of his-Majesty 's health . His lordship observed , that they were now called upon to resort to this measure under different circumstances to those which existed in the last session . The Privy 74 Council at that period had no jurisdiction : in the case ; they were summoned as the body that could most conveniently be summoned to examine the Physicians , and made their Report to Parliament , which afterwards appointed Committees of it own also to examine the Physicians . Now , under the act passed last session , the Queen 's Council had a legal jurisdicdiction , and their Reports under that act had already been laid on the table . As however some further legislative measure was necessary upon this melancholy subject , he thought it would be more consistent with propriety for the House to have on its Journals the Examination of the Physicians in attendance on his Majesty taken before a Committee of its own body , and he should therefore move , That a Select Committee be appointed to ex amine the Physicians in attendance on his Majesty , touching the state of his Majesty 's health since their last examination before a Committee of this House.—Ordered . And also , that the said Committee consist of 21 Lords , and that they be chosen by ballot . rose , for the purpose of moving the appointment of a Committee to examine the King 's Physicians , touching the state of