some counties in Ireland , when those counties were agitated by the White Boys . At that time capital penalties were enacted against those offenders ; and the effect was such as might be anticipated from the operation of the present Bill . The law would not be like the laws of the Medes and Persians , irrevocable , but might be , and ought to be , repealed whenever the emergency should cease . was of opinion , that the proposed measure would not have the effect expected from it . The greater the terror inspired by the act , the less he conceived would be the likelihood of detection . The preamble of the present Bill stared , that the 28th of the King had been ineffectual in putting a stop to the outrages complained of ; but he would ask , where was the proof of the inefficacy of that 831 act ? Not one prosecution had taken place under it . He had the authority of Black-stone for saying that no capital punishment should be resorted to until one of a more lenient kind had been tried and had failed . said , that there were two points on which the whole House had agreed : —one , that the punishment of death should never be recurred to , except in cases were all other species of punishment had been found ineffectual ; the other , that an evil now existed to which a remedy ought to be applied as soon as possible . For his part , he was convinced that the remedy proposed was no remedy whatsoever ; the evil would still continue to exist in spite of it . He confessed from whatever cause these disturbances proceeded , —whether from a spirit of malice against the master-manufacturers , or from the idea that the frames diminished human labour , and encroached on human industry , —that the existence of them was a monstrous evil . It was an evil , more over , which had existed in the face of a law ; and he could attribute its continuance only to two causes , —either to conspiracy to suppress evidence against offenders , or to supineness in the magistracy . It was folly to talk of the terror which would arise from converting the punishment of transportation for fourteen years , into the punishment of death . The terror of the one would always have an almost equal influence with the other on the human mind ; and he would answer for it , that this terror would not tend to diminish the evil . It was evident , if the existence of the evil were to be attributed to a conspiracy to suppress evidence , that the terror of a greater punishment would tend the more to keep witnesses from coming forward . If , on the other hand , the magistrates had not made sufficient exertions under the existing statute , it was plain that the change of punishment would not make them more active . The great evil to be complained of was , that the law had been converted into a mere dead letter , that it had been made only a lifeless scarecrow , from which custom had removed even the terror that might originally have been felt on beholding it . If , indeed , the statute of the 28th of Geo . 3 , had been duly enforced , and these iniquitous proceedings had been persevered in , in defiance of it , then there might be some plausible ground for the measure before the House . As the Bill had only been delivered since the 832 meeting of the House , the gentlemen who had spoken on the contrary side , might not have had time to read it , or they would have seen that it was in no way calculated to remedy that which the whole nation so loudly exclaimed against . One hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Lockhart ) had said , that the Nottingham rioters were guilty of a crime little short of constructive treason . It was undoubtedly