, came to bestow upon it their attention , they would find that it was one of great magnitude and difficulty . He could not , therefore , help thinking , that it would be advantageous to allow further time for the obtainment of full and complete information . It was a very short time since the papers before the House were produced , and as had been justly remarked , the most important document relating to the case had not yet beet brought up . On these grounds he wished to submit to the hon . gentleman and to the House , the propriety of hearing the Letter from Mr. Walsh to his brother read , and then , after they had had an opportunity of considering all the documents together , as well as the precedents on their Journals , which bore upon the present case , they might come to a more fit and legitimate decision than if they proceeded to judgment on the crude materials of which they were now in possession . For these reasons he was anxious that the desire expressed by his hon . friends for delay , should be acceded to . said , he had already be-come sufficiently acquainted with the case , to be enabled to decide on what he thought the just and proper course for the House to pursue . The documents produced afforded a good ground on which they might proceed to judgment . But as there might be gentlemen who had not turned their attention to the subject with so much diligence as the hon . gentleman who preceded him , and as the papers had been so lately put into their hands , he could see no reason for pressing on the discussion , if any member thought a small delay would enable him to come to a more mature determination . They had , in his 985 opinion , enough before them to act upon ; but he would not therefore desire that those who might consider themselves as unprepared to decide , should be prematurely hurried to their vote . But conceding this much , he must , at the same time , observe , that he perfectly coincided with his hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) that on so grave and serious a question , deeply and materially affecting the character and privileges of the House , it would be highly censurable to allow any unnecessary time to be lost before they came to a decision . observing that he was the last man who would wish to be too hasty in pressing such a question , expressed his intention of postponing the decision of it until Monday . apprehended , that as the business was not then to be concluded , it would be necessary to make a fresh order for the attendance of Mr. Walsh in his place on Monday . In the first place , however , it would be expedient to ascertain whether Mr. Walsh had been served with the order of the House , requiring his attendance in his place on this day . Mr. Skelton , have you served Mr. Benjamin Walsh , a member of this House , with the order of the House , requiring his attendance in his place on this day . Yes , Sir , I have . I saw Mr. Walsh yesterday morning at ten o'clock , and he told me he had received from his brother the order which I left at his house on Tuesday night . Mr. Jenkyns , you were the solicitor to the prosecution against Mr. Benjamin Walsh , a member of this House ? Yes , Sir . Have you brought with you the letter mentioned in the order of this House , purporting to be a letter from Mr. Benjamin Walsh to his brother ? I have . Are you acquainted with the hand-writing of Mr. Walsh ? No ; I am not . Is there any body with you who is acquainted with it ? Yes ; Mr. Atride . Mr. Atride , are you ac- 986 quainted with the hand-writing