most respectable characters 452 in the country , in order to give as large a degree as was possible , of dignity and consideration to their proceedings . Notwithstanding , however , this promulgation of the Irish government , the Committee afterwards held meetings in February , in March , and in June , before any further steps were taken for their dispersion . They met openly , their resolutions were regularly published , and they professed , that not conceiving themselves to fall under the scope or definition of the proclamation , they were satisfied that they were not acting in violation of the law . Was it possible for them to adopt a more regular , constitutional or manly course ? —He had now arrived at a point on which he felt confident , that whatever diversity of sentiment might prevail with respect to other branches of the question , there could be but one common feeling and opinion . The principle he now had in his view was , that whenever a government determined to enforce any act against any particular description of persons , it was its clear and necessary duty to enforce it with a strict conformity , and a scrupulous observance of every usage and ordinary form that had been esteemed to distinguish a free constitution , and an impartial administration of the laws . But what did the Irish government ? A warrant was issued under the hand of the Chief Justice , one of 3,000 magistrates , and that person who was afterwards to try the question at issue . He did not mean to insinuate that this circumstance would have necessarily operated to have given a bias to his judgment , but while he disclaimed all intention of casting such an imputation , he would for a moment advert to a speech delivered in another place , by Mr. Secretary Pole . He was aware that it was not regular to refer to sentiments supposed to have been uttered elsewhere , but as this speech had since appeared in the shape of a pamphlet , and had been generally circulated , he would read to their lordships a short extract from it.— ( Here the noble Marquis read the extract , the substance of which was that Mr. Wellesley Pole had , previous to the publication of his Circular Letter , consulted lord Manners and the Attorney-General , but that he had not taken the opinion of the Chief Justice , because that must have disqualified him from presiding at any future trials arising out of these proceedings . ) Thus , continued the noble marquis , the same individual who , in February 1811 , felt all this delicate anxiety 453 for the purity of the courts of justice , did , in the month of July following , lay his informations before the chief justice , and select him out of 3,000 magistrates , to be the immediate agent of his intention . In what terms , too , was the warrant of the chief justice issued ? The terms chosen were such as went to prejudge the whole question , to decide upon the principle at issue , and to vindicate the conduct of the government in applying the Convention act in a new and unprecedented manner . The words introduced into the warrant , 'on pretence or for the purpose of , ' were not to be found in the Convention act itself , and were , therefore , manifestly used by Lord Chief Justice Downes , the person whom , but five months before , Mr. Secretary Pole would not consult , lest he should seem to sully the sanctity of a court of justice , for the purpose of defending the government , and of condemning , before the forms of trial , the Catholic Committee . This , however , was not all ; when at length the trial took place , the course adopted on the part of the crown was altogether extraordinary and unusual . In prosecutions of this nature , where the crown had the uncontrouled right of peremptory challenge ,