them to take a narrow and limited view or a large one . There was great force in what the right hon . gentleman 346 who spoke last had said , as to the power and authority granted to the Queen . It was known that there were six persons under her influence in the House of Peers , and four in the House of Commons , and he thought it a necessary step to provide , that those gentlemen who were appointed to the different offices described in the Bill , should not have seats in that House . The importance of settling a specific sum for the Civil List , was great in point of economy , and if they legislated without a view to it , they would not do their duty . With regard to the Droits of Admiralty and other funds , much more might be said ; but it was a disagreeable subject to touch upon , even though he could not be supposed to entertain a wish to make any invidious personal allusion . There was one instance , however , which proved in a remarkable manner the importance of adhering to the strict principle of the Civil List . The services of sir Sidney were well known ; and no grant that any minister could propose for him would be refused by parliament ; but he found that in 1811 a sum of 7,375l . had been paid to sir Sidney Smith , under the head of extraordinary disbursements , for services performed in Egypt and Syria in 1798 . Sir Sidney Smith deserved this in a tenfold degree , for he rated high his services , not only in the repulse of the French at Acre , but also in the negociations carried on for producing their departure from Egypt . But if it was fitting to make this grant , why had it been delayed for so many years ? This could not have happened if the principle of the Civil List had been adhered to . The House had a right , in his opinion , to regulate these Droits ; and now was the time . It would be infinitely better to raise the Civil List at once to the probable amount of the expenditure , and to compel the minister to come to parliament ; and account for every excess in that expenditure . He would not , however , vote against the Bill , though he had thought it right to make these observations that the House might be in possession of his view of the subject . begged leave to explain under what circumstances the payment to sir Sidney Smith had been made . The truth was , that it was a mere discharge , without even interest , of a debt due for money advanced , and he thought if it was justifiable under any circumstances , it was so in the present instance . It ought not to be believed that the grant 347 alluded to by his hon . friend was given as a remuneration or reward , for the public were yet indebted to him for conveying the court of Lisbon to the Brazils . He thought it but fair that this noble and generous person should have the advantage of an explanation on this subject , that it might be seen there was nothing like a surreptitious grant connected with his name . said , he did not state that the sum granted to sir Sidney Smith was out of the Droits of Admiralty , but out of the fund of extraordinary disbursements . He found that the claim was of twelve years standing , and concluded if that claim were just , that government must be wrong in withholding it . assured his hon . friend that he had stated the fact correctly , and that so far from that gallant officer being repaid , part of his pay as captain was withheld , while absent on another service . confessed , that he felt considerable difficulty in objecting to a Bill which had for its object the maintenance