the purpose of considering the propriety of presenting a petition to parliament , such a meeting might be held ; but that the committee must not sit from day to day , debating and promulgating doctrines which could not but be dangerous to the state , and must create agitation in every part of Ireland . The lord lieutenant told him , that , so far from impeding the Catholics in the fair exercise of their right of petitioning , he would even give them a room in the castle to meet in , if they wanted accommodation ; but , added his grace , do not lend yourself to people who are forcing on measures that will probably affect yourselves , and endanger the peace of the country . Sir , at this meeting lord Fingall desired that I would write him a letter , expressive of the determination of government , that he might lay it before the Catholic committee ; and I wrote him one accordingly , which has been published in all the newspapers . This letter has been represented as an insult to lord Fingall , and it has also been asserted that his lordship and the Catholic body had been taken by surprize , and that they had no intimation of the intentions of government to interfere . I really wish that when persons are so anxious to bring forward charges , they would condescend previously to ascertain facts . I wish that they would recollect that those who compose the government of Ireland are men of honour ; that they have characters to maintain ; characters , I will add , that stand as high as any of those by whom they are accused : and that those characters ought not to be assailed by assertions which had not the slightest foundation in truth . Sir , notwithstanding all that had passed , lord Fingall , the very next day , sat in the chair at a meeting of the committee , at which the following Resolutions , among others , were agreed to : — 1 . `` Resolved , That the Catholic committee , having adjourned on the 25th July to the 19th October 1811 , have , notwithstanding , deemed it expedient to hold an extraordinary meeting on this 31st day of July , in consequence of a communication from government to the earl of Fingall , dated the 30th inst . to the following effect : — '' That a privy council was to be assembled to take into consideration the `` expediency of issuing a proclamation , 581 `` declaratory of the law , & c. & c. ; and likewise of the course to be pursued to ensure its observance . '' then read to the House the following instances from these returns : `` 1800.—According to the printed returns of this year , William Sawey of Downpatrick , bequeathed the sum of 1,000l to the Roman Catholic College of Maynooth . '' `` In the returns of the same year , Patrick Power , of New Ross , left the profit-rent of a house for the use of two chapels near Ross . '' `` 1801.—The Rev . Matt . Lennon , titular bishop of Dromore , bequeathed 500l . to purchase six government debentures , for the purpose of establishing a daily mass in the chapel of Newry , in perpetuance ; and he left a further sum of 500l for the erection of a school contiguous to the chapel , for the education of children of poor Catholics only . '' `` 1802.—William Doran , of Wexford , gentleman , left unto the Rev . James Currin a Roman Catholic parish priest , 400l . for building and supporting a charity-school , to be erected at the rear of the chapel of Wexford , in the church yard , and also an annuity of 35l . yearly , for the uses and purposes which he had directed in , and by a letter or memorandum given by him to Mr . Currin . '' `` 1803.—Mrs . Trench left , a sum of money