and to carry en the works in Plymouth Sound , in order to form a Breakwater . '' wished to propose a clause to prevent the infliction of the punishment of flogging in the Local Militia . apprehended it was too late to introduce a clause , but the hon . baronet could move an amendment to any clause he might object to , and doing so , he would have an opportunity of making any remarks he might win to offer . in consequence of this suggestion , arose to offer an amendment . He prefaced his motion with a few remarks on the impropriety of resorting to the punishment of flogging . Adverting to the case of Mr. Taylor , to which he had alluded last year , he maintained that what he then stated was correct , and that subsequent information had satisfied him that Mr. Taylor was a man of excellent character , of good education , and considerable talents . Education had been recently spoken of as likely to tend to the abolishing of flogging , but here was an instance from which a different inference might be drawn , as Mr. Taylor 's education had led him to write that song for which he was punished . He then noticed what had taken place at the isle of Ely , where , on account of a squabble between the officers and men about the marching guinea , to which the latter thought they were entitled , their conduct had been said to be mutinous , and a number of these young men who had but just put off their smock frocks , had been sentenced to receive 500 lashes . He would ask , if such punishment was not out of all character ? and since there were persons who seemed to resort to it with such alacrity , it seemed to him highly expedient to prevent its being inflicted . This was the more necessary as the country were likely to be called out ; and it was too much that the punishment of flogging should be inflicted 1314 on our entire population . He concluded by moving , that to that part of the act extending in case of invasion , the provisions of the Articles of War to the Local Militia , the following words be added `` Except so far as shall extend to inflicting the punishment of flogging , which shall in no case be inflicted on any officer , private , or drummer , serving in the Local Militia . '' opposed the motion . The hon . baronet , by the amendment he had moved , would exempt the Local Militia from the regular discipline of the army , at a time when they were called upon to act as a regular army , while he left them exposed to the punishment of flogging , during their being raised and trained . The cases to which he had adverted , of Mr. Taylor and the men at the isle of Ely , were cases in which punishment was imperiously called for , and in which it had been inflicted with justice and moderation , as he believed would be admitted by the parties themselves ; an acknowledgment of the justice of his sentence could be produced in the hand-writing of Mr. Taylor . said it was believed in this country that corporal punishment was not inflicted in the French service . He , however , had to state , that one of their books had fallen into the hands of a division of our army , at the battle of Fuentes d'Honore , which contained the proceedings of their court martials , from which it appeared , that within a very short time , 320 men , chiefly deserters , had been sentenced to death . Not only in such cases was the offender put to death , but his parents might be imprisoned for six months , and those who had harboured him were fined 1,500 francs . The book was afterwards lost ; but he was authorised by an officer to state what he had