claims , '' said the right hon . gentleman , `` my opinions are well known , I have seen no reason to alter those opinions . I have before said that I could not conceive a time , or any change of circumstances , which could render further concessions to the Catholics consistent with the safety of the state , and to those opinions I continue to adhere . '' The Catholics were perfectly prepared to receive , but not to make , any concessions . The two great points were , security from foreign influence , and from danger to our own establishments . The right hon . gentleman then proceeded to read some passages from lord Grenville 's Letter to lord Fingall , from which he shewed that though the noble lord was not pledged to the Veto , yet he demanded some equivalent to it for securing an establishment in church and state , which he considered necessary in the views , not of bigots , but of enlightened men . The noble lord had even added , that if nothing of that sort could be done , he should despair ; alluding to arrangements respecting the nomination of bishops . And unless the House knew of some security , the right hon . gentleman contended , they would only be deluding the Catholics by going into a committee . But had any body heard of any proposition of the kind that the Catholics would accept ? Those who had been engaged in this cause for years , could not venture to propose any specific measure ; he could not therefore see the probability of any event which would render the concessions safe , or a security acceptable . The noble lord ( Grenville ) had said , that he had deliberated on the subject with the late Mr. Pitt , and had been long revolving it in his mind ; the result of all which was the Veto . Conciliation was the object of all : but it had been said , `` pass a legislative enactment , and let the Catholics take it or leave it . '' That , however , would not conciliate , if they objected to it . With respect to the hard names of bigotry and intolerance that had been applied to him , dtd not lord Grenville 's letter equally demand guards and securities against foreign and domestic dangers ? Sure he Was , that the Catholics ought to come to parliament to ask for concessions in a different tone and attitude from those which they had lately manifested . As to the notice of a motion for a repeal of the legislative Union , alluded to last night right 664 hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) , he could not see in that a great additional objection to the measure . The repeal of the Union could only tend to produce a separation of the two countries . No enlightened mind could contemplate it in any other point of view . He was glad to find that the argument , founded on a claim of right , had not been supported by any gentleman in that House.—After various arguments against the propriety of adopting the motion for a committee , the right hon . gentleman trusted that many members would feel forcibly the manner in which it was attempted to entrap them into a vote for the motion ; connecting the conduct of the government respecting the law of the land , with a question of claims , without consideration of the fitness of the time , or the suggestion of the necessary conditions on which alone those claims could be conceded . did not rise to address the House until four in the morning . He declared , that in voting for the motion of the noble lord he did not wish to be thought to have voted any censure on the judges of Ireland . For of those judges he had a very high opinion , and for one of them in particular he had a very warm affection ; but while he did