the practices he wished to see abolished , there would be a saving of more than four millions a year to the country on the naval establishment , and the duty would be better performed . deprecated the species of warfare recommended by the noble lord , which he thought would not be productive of the effects he expected . He then adverted to the statement made by the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Yorke ) 892 relative to the appointment of Chaplains and School-masters ; and had no hesitation in saying that no qualified person would offer for the latter situation , on account of the smallness of the present salary . Very few ships were provided with schoolmasters , and in those that had them , they were paid by the captain and the young gentlemen . He thought , therefore , that there was no subject more worthy of attention , and he was happy to see that the right hon . gentleman had considered it in that light . The right hon . gentleman had stated the number of chaplains at 39 , but he hoped the right hon . gentleman did not mean that that number was sufficient for the navy ; and he also hoped that if they undertook the office of schoolmaster , that they might be found able to instruct in the practical parts of navigation , which was so essentially necessary : but he could not help entertaining apprehensions that some difficulty might occur in finding persons so qualified . The hon . gentleman then adverted to the situation of the marine corps , and expressed his regret , that the right hon . gent . had not made any mention of that highly meritorious corps , when he proposed a measure for the relief of the chaplains of the navy . The hon . gentleman said he had stated , on a former occasion , that the pay of the marines ' might be increased , without creating any additional expence , by not filling up certain vacancies , which would create a saving equal to the purposes required . He would only add , as an in stance of the unequal footing on which the marine corps were placed , that the senior commandant was not on a footing with the field officers of the same rank in the army , instead of being entitled to look forward to the rank of a general , which , in justice , he ought to be . The marine corps was also deprived of the proportion of field officers ; and he should like to know why the right hon . gentleman was not disposed to advise the ministry , or to recommend to the Prince Regent a more equal management . He was not speaking his own sentiments merely on the subject , but those of the whole body of the marines ; and he defied the right hon . gentleman to say , with the Memorial from that corps on the table before him , that he was making any statement on behalf of any individual , or from any private view of his own , distinct from the sense and feeling of the entire of that meritorious body of men , on whose behalf he was 893 speaking . Under those circumstances , he hoped the right hon . gentleman would direct his attention to the situation of this excellent corps . , in explanation , defended the system which he had recommended , as peculiarly calculated to injure the enemy 's coasting trade , which was the great nursery of his seamen . wished to know in what branch of the service the saving had been made ? said , that the saving had occurred on the wear and tear , and the state of the navy debt proved the fact , as it was 900,000l . less than it had been last year . inquired , whether the saving was an incidental one , or one which proceeded from an economical arrangement ? In the latter case it might be permanent ; but if the