better entrusted , than to one of such acknowledged accuracy and fidelity . It appeared that the Prince 's debts were in a train to be disbursed , when the plan was prevented , partly by the visitation of Providence and partly by the provisions of an act of that House . As the Prince had been placed in an unexpected situation , in which it was the duty of parliament to assist him , it was their duty to interfere between the Prince and his creditors ' , and to relieve those embarrassments , which its own enactments had brought 375 on ; yet he disapproved of the proposed method of extinguishing these difficulties ; it was one by which no saving would accrue to the country , and which would put the Prince under the unpleasant appearance of drawing annually a large sum from the public . He hoped , therefore , that some member of higher authority than himself , and whose character and rank might place him beyond suspicion of a sinister motive , would speedily bring forward a specific motion to place the Prince in that situation in which all his well-wishers must wish to desire him , with his mind free from all anxiety , and capable of devoting its entire faculties to the public service . opposed it , principally on the ground that it was incorrect to say that the deficiencies had been all made up , those arising in the year 1811 being not yet supplied . objected strongly to what was here proposed ; that in addition to a civil list already amounting to upwards of 1,000,000l . a still farther addition of 124,000l . should be made , and , that , too , out of a secret fund , without being appropriated by parliament.—He also opposed the manner proposed by the right hon . gentleman of filling up the blank , because e found that the estimate of 1804 was framed upon three different successive Reports of Committees of that House , and he therefore submitted an amendment , which he did not wish however to press to a division , `` That instead of applying to parliament when the excess rose to 120,000l . the application should be made as soon as such excess amounted to the sum of 10,000l . '' A division being now called for , the gallery was cleared , and the numbers appeared to be 105 for the clause , 33 against it . The other clauses being then read , the House resumed , and the Report was ordered to be received tomorrow . said , that understanding it to be the intention to introduce a new Local Militia Bill , and to dismiss those who had completed their four years service under the present regulation , he thought it right that the House should be furnished with 376 certain documents on that subject before any step was taken in it , and for those documents he should now move . He knew from his own experience , that in the corps , at the head of which he had the honour to be placed , consisting of 700 men , there were no less than 300 out of that number willing to remain , so that if a similar spirit existed in other corps , in the same proportion , the intended Bill would be rendered altogether unnecessary . He called upon the noble lord , who was the father of this measure ( lord Castlereagh ) , and whom he was happy to see now in his place , to watch over it with a truly parental attention ; and he was confident that if proper care was taken , the country would at the end of the 4 years possess 40 or 50,000 effective Local Militia-men . He then moved , `` That there be laid before this House , a Return of the whole Local Militia force of Great Britain , if complete , according to its present establishment , distinguishing the number in each county ; also a return of the number of Local Militia-men ,