speech of the right hon . gentleman , be must confess that what blunted the right hon . gentleman 's appetite , only whetted his . He thought with his hon . friend behind him , that it was highly improper that the business of these 4½ per cent , duties should 749 rest where it now did . As to what the right hon . gentleman had said in relation to the distresses of the colonies , when the acquaintance with the state of the colonies of the hon . gentleman who called those colonists a devoted people was considered , he believed that the House would think with him , that what the right hon . gentleman had said was a little too much , —a little too presumptuous . Besides , the reply that those distresses proceeded from the difficulty of access to the continent , came with a very bad grace from the right hon . gentleman , whose measures were the chief cause of that difficulty . The hon . gentleman then remarked on the propriety of the pension settled on the Secretary of the Treasury . He asked , would parliament have addressed the King to grant him 1,500l . a year for his services , in case the 4½ per cents had not existed ? Certainly not : and did not this fund , therefore , defeat the object of Mr. Burke 's bill ? He then alluded to other heads mentioned in the accounts of the expenditure of this fund , particularly that of Special Service . He did not know what this special service meant ; but if he could lend an ear to the calumnies that were always going about , he might perhaps be able to understand it . It was to be sure impossible that any such thing as bribery and corruption could exist in that House now : but certainly there was a time when it was notorious that rank and gross bribery did exist there : and who knew but that the special service of that time was this very rank and gross bribery ? To him it appeared , that there were sufficient grounds laid for going into the committee . rose , for the purpose of moving the House that he might be discharged from attending the committee for which he had moved yesterday , on the subject of the expences of the Civil List . Mutilated as the committee was by the way in which it was appointed ; deprived of the power of sending for persons , papers , and records ; crippled as it was , in every respect , by the limited powers with which it was invested , or rather by the total want of all powers—he could not but conceive it perfectly inadequate to the accomplish- 750 ment of the object he had in view , or , indeed , to the accomplishment of any good or legitimate object whatever . He most , therefore , beg that his attendance on such a committee be dispensed with . The committee might conjecture , but it could not come to any well-founded conclusion on any one topic which might come before them . They might express regret at any expence which might seem too great , but they could neither come to any sound judgment as to the amount of the unnecessary and improper expenditure , nor adopt means for preventing it in future . He was thoroughly persuaded that it would be a waste of his own time in him to attend such a committee ; nor did he feel that he could be an efficient member of it.—The question being put and seconded , was of opinion that after the hon . member had , no further off than yesterday , moved for the appointment of this very committee , and after the House had , on his own suggestion , reposed in him the duty of being a member of that committee , it was rather inconsistent in him now to come to the House , and desire to be discharged from attendance on the committee