occasioning ; or , on the other hand , any rational apprehension of the inconveniences which the hostility of the two courts might be calculated to promote or produce . Minuter details he would reserve for the Committee . He had gone as far as he could to obviate the general objections to the measure . He trusted the House would feel that no one could vote against the principle of the Bill who did not think that it was radically wrong to propose any arrangement before the expiration of the restrictions—that it was improper to surround the King with any dignity , and equally improper to entrust the Queen with the controul of those individuals 364 who were to be in attendance on her royal consort 's person . If the arrangements were too extensive , in the Committee they might be curtailed ; if they were too limited , in the Committee they might be increased . The general principle was that on which the House had at present solely to decide . thanked the hon . gentleman opposite for the opportunity which he had afforded him of assuring the House that he was anxious that the fullest and most unreserved examination should take place into the accounts which had been alluded to . He must also express his acknowledgments to the hon . gentleman for the handsome manner in which he had been pleased to speak of his private life , and he hoped , when the accounts were examined , the hon . gentleman would see nothing in his public conduct , which would preclude him from a continuance of his good opinion . Unquestionably , the sums in the accounts to which he had alluded were large . He felt that an explanation was necessary , both for his own sake and for that of the country , and he repeated , that he was really and sincerely anxious to afford all the information on the subject that it was in his power to provide . He flattered himself , that until that elucidation should take place , the candour of the House would rescue him from any unjust or ungenerous imputations on his conduct . said , it was a great mistake on the part of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , to suppose that either his right hon . friend ( Mr. Tierńey ) , or his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) had , in any unqualified manner , condemned the charges that appeared under the head of extraordinary disbursements , still less had they condemned the individuals to whose names those charges had been annexed ; it was unfair in the right hon . gentleman to argue as if they had done so , when the least consideration must have reminded him that they had not . What was the simple statement of the question ? A considerable increase to the expences of the Civil List was proposed , and not a single voucher or document was laid before the House to shew the necessity of that increase , save the mere naked assertion that there was an excess in the expenditure over the income . Was this , he asked , a parliamentary ground ? From what did this excess proceed ? Ought not parliament to know the cause of the excess before they proceeded to discharge 365 it ? Did they know that extravagance in the expenditure was not the cause ? And before they were satisfied that it was not the cause , how could they vote that the mere fact of that excess was sufficient ground for granting what that very fact might turn out to be the best ground for refusing ? This was the general reasoning of his hon . friends ; and yet the right hon . gentleman thought that he treated that reasoning fairly and frankly , when he overlooked the general principle upon which it rested , and turned aside to trifle upon personal allusions that were never meant , that could not apply , and by his hon . friends , at least , had never