their expences ; but he could not see why a person who had been appointed to a diplomatic situation , and had never acted , nor sailed , nor even moved from London , should be entitled to an allowance of 4,500l . for plate . My lord Cathcart was stated to have received for plate , previous to his mission to Petersburgh , a sum to this amount , and he had never made a single movement on the subject of this mission . There were other items , of considerably greater amount , and all of them spoke the same language—the language of suspicion and inquiry—to the House . Ministers could not look to 1804 as a precedent for them . They spoke a language which was formerly unknown here . Mr. Pitt and lord Sidmouth never spurned at giving any information required of them ; but surely it was more necessary now , when much larger grants were required , and after seven or eight years of war , which had loaded the country with taxes , which certainly were , to say the least of them , the utmost that the people could bear.—There were other points which certainly required consideration , and to which he would shortly advert . Among these was the situation of the Prince Re gent . That situation no man could lament more than himself . It was certainly an ignominious and degrading state . He would say that the act of the 35th of the King had done more to injure , vilify , and degrade the executive in the eyes of the people of this country , than any thing which had taken place in our times . He was shocked at the degradation to which that person was reduced who was one day to wear the crown . By that act the language held out was , that the person who was one day to wear the crown , was not fit to be trusted with the management of his own concerns ; that he would , if left to himself , act so as to defraud his creditors . No measure could have been adopted more calculated than this to stigmatise and vilify the person who in the course of nature was to succeed to the crown , His hon . 385 and learned friend , the Chancellor of the duchy of Cornwall , had stated the most humiliating and disgusting details respecting the treatment of the Prince in these Bills , and from the authors of these Bills in 1795 ; but he would ask , notwithstanding the confidence which it was very natural to place in any statement made by his hon . and learned friend , if they were at liberty to rely on his statement , when they had not only no power of putting questions to him , and when he had stated many particulars not from his own knowledge , and which he could not possibly know . How could the House place a confidence in this report , which was never asked before on any similar occasion ? Did they believe that all these debts were paid ? All this they were bound to say , or to say that which would go farther to stultify the House in the eyes of the country , than any thing which it was well possible to conceive , that whether they had ground or not for believing , they were determined to give credit.—There were many other particulars which called loudly upon the House to pause . Was it fit to sanction a constant arrear of the civil list expenditure of 124,000l . above the estimate of 1804 , without knowing one item of those arrears which they were about to sanction ? If this growing arrear was to be sanctioned by the authority of parliament , they were saying that the arrear since 1804 had been justly incurred , because they would have no other stage for taking the matter into consideration . Was the House prepared to sanction this statement , without having one item of explanation ? But then