of such a system on the discipline and character of the army . The hon . and learned gentleman , after commenting on the inadequacy of the punishment inflicted by the system of confinement in the hulks , concluded by moving . `` That there be laid before this House , a return of the number of persons who , since the 1st of January 1810 , have been directed to be transported either after having been capitally convicted or by original sentence , and who have been discharged on condition of entering into the army or navy , and also of those who , within the same period have received free pardons ; specifying the date of their conviction , the offences of which they were convicted , and the time of their discharge . '' deprecated the motion , but had no wish to screen himself from any responsibility for having advised the pardons , because , in so doing , he had followed precedent , Pardons had not . ; latterly been granted to the extent as formerly . In one instance , he understood , that upwards of 500 had been allowed to enter into the army and navy . With respect to the present subject , the fact was , that Mr. Graham had represented to him that there were a number of persons whose conduct had been so correct , that they were fit objects for royal consideration . In consequence of this representation , he had thought it his duty to recommend those persons to be pardoned on condition of enlisting for life . It had been found that bad effects arose from sending them for life to serve abroad , and a communication was made to the Commander in Chief ; the result was , that it was judged adviser able to permit the enlisting under these conditions , but the men were informed that it Jested with them whether they 1255 should revisit their native country again , and be returned to their families and friends . The House would agree with him in conceiving that there could not be a greater inducement to these persons to behave well during their confinement on board the hulks , than the knowledge that by their good conduct they might stand a chance of being restored to society . There was no principle so dangerous as that which went to exclude the chance of reformation , for if these persons were turned loose upon the world , without the means of earning their bread , and their characters gone , the probability was , that they would return to their evil habits . What was the case here ? By permitting them to enter the army and navy , every objection was removed , and they most likely would be drawn from their old habits , and become as it were , new men , and good citizens . The hon . and learned gentleman was therefore wrong in supposing that it was improper to permit these men to enter . He had drawn his observations from the state of the convicts before Mr. Graham held the office of superintendant.—The right hon . Secretary then read a letter from a clergyman , stating the good behaviour of two men who had been liberated in 1810 , after four years confinement , describing them as altered men . The general impression as to this mode of punishment was quite different to what the hon . and learned gentleman entertained . He was in the practice of receiving letters from the masters of apprentices , and servants serving on board the hulks , desiring that the rest of the sentences against them might be remitted , on account of the reformation in their conduct , and they would take them again into their service . That was the best proof which could be given of the utility of the punishment ; for would it be believed that tradesmen would risk their property , if they were not convinced that their once dishonest servants were now trust-worthy ? As to the numbers enlisted , the House ,