, while he differed from him as to the mode of his Resolutions , he did not acknowledge the great display of talent which he had evinced . From the reports of the King 's physicians , it might be with decency pronounced that a demise of the crown might be expected at no very distant period : it became therefore the duty of parliament to manifest their sense on this important subject of Admiralty Droits before that event took place , that the people might be convinced they were willing to meet their wishes as far as possible . He should not 276 dispute the right of the crown to these droits , but he thought they ought not to remain so vested without parliamentary enquiry . The Droits of the Admiralty differed from other droits , as they were not equally ascertainable . He did not object to any droit of revenue arising from the duchy of Lancaster , because it was a sum certain ; but suppose a coal-mine should be discovered there , would not that alter the case So , without wishing to inflame the minds of the people , he must say , that the sums from these droits now amounted to that enormous extent , that the paramount authority of parliament was loudly called for to watch over their application . He alluded to the case of Sir Home Popham , and proceeded to state , that the liberality of parliament to the princes had been so great , that there was no reasonable ground of apprehension , that due provision would not be made for them without recourse to this fund . In the last parliament , an increase of 50 percent , to their incomes had been almost unanimously granted . In a recent instance , the sum of 20,000l . had been given to one prince , a circumstance which would be looked upon as a monstrous perversion of money if given to a private nobleman , —yet a prince , in the contemplation of parliament , was merely a private peer of the realm , and as such sat in the upper house . He then defended the conduct of lord Grenville 's administration . That noble lord had found a great debt on the civil list , and had had recourse from necessity to a step , of which , however , he had taken pains to prevent the recurrence . But , however that might be , circumstances now demanded peculiar vigilance and jealousy . Though he differed from the mode of his hon . and learned friend 's motion , he agreed with it in substance ; and thought that the House should not adjourn till it bad noticed the immense sums now placed at the disposal of the crown ; which would shew , that at least an account should be rendered of that expenditure which perhaps could not be prevented . That these circumstances should be recorded , he proposed as an amendment , `` That this House having taken into its serious consideration the unprecedented sums , at different and uncertain periods , within the last twenty years , received and disposed of by the crown as droits , is deeply impressed with the necessity of enquiring into and ascertaining the extent and application of the same . '' If this motion should be carried , he would follow it up by 277 moving , '' That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , That he will be graciously pleased to give directions , that there be laid before this House , an account shewing the amount received from droits , and the various payments made from the same , from the 5th of January 1810 to the 5th of January 1812 ; distinguishing by whom received and on what account : '' and also That an account be laid before the House to the same effect , before the expiration of the first ten days of every session of parliament . '' opposed the amendment , but had no objection to the production of a paper