know to be perfectly legitimate and laudable ; they would cheerfully concede the free enjoyment of civil and religious liberty to all mankind , they ask no more for themselves ; and that , thus earnest though temperate , confident but respectful , they humbly pray the House , that all the penal laws , disabilities , restrictions , and privations of every kind , which now aggrieve and degrade the Roman Catholics of these realms , may be utterly repealed and abolished , that justice may thus be rendered to a faithful and deserving people , security restored to property , and strength and concord to the empire . '' directed a messenger to be called in to prove that the order of the House had been served on Mr. Walsh . the messenger was then examined . He stated the order to have been served by him on Mr. Walsh , upon Friday at two o'clock . said the Serjeant was informed a medical gentleman was then in waiting to prove that Mr. Walsh was incapable of attending in his place from indisposition . Was it the pleasure of the House that he should be called in ? The House assented . Mr. Cornwell Reynolds was then called in , and examined . In answer to the questions put to him , he stated himself to be acquainted with Mr. Walsh . He had been called upon to attend him on Saturday last . He had been in the habit of attending Mr. Walsh some years ago , but not latterly , till he was called upon to attend him on Saturday . He had last seen Mr. Walsh about two 1089 hours ago . He was incapable of attending the House , from the state of his mind , rather than from bodily indisposition . He thought there was reason to hope that Mr. Walsh would be able to attend within a little time . At present he laboured under mental derangement . Some few years ago , he had seen Mr. Walsh , at which time he appeared to be mentally deranged . According to his judgment , it was probable that in about a fortnight Mr. Walsh would be able to attend in his place , sound in body and mind . He could not positively say whether or not the apprehension arising from an order to attend that House would again reduce him to the state in which he was at present . Mr. Walsh had been very much affected by the apprehensions raised by the order to attend in his place , which bad been served on him . When speaking on the subject , he was so much agitated , that he could only speak in an incoherent manner , and was frequently unable to give utterance to what he wished to say . He had not been called on to attend Mr. Walsh previous to the trial , nor had he seen him about that time . He had not seen Mr. Walsh since the trial , till Saturday last , when he attended him in consequence of a letter which he had received . That letter , he believed , was still in his possession , and he had no objection to produce it , if it was the wish of the House.—The Witness was here ordered to withdraw , but told not to leave the House . had now to inform the House , that he had received a farther letter from Mr. Walsh , in which that gentleman , though he intimated that he should not attend in his place , expressed a wish that the proceedings before the House , in his case , might not be delayed on that account ; but at the same time stated it to be his hope that the evidence of his medical attendant would remove every objection to his former letters to him ( the Speaker ) , being read to the House . thought it would not be regular to put on their Journals that palliation or defence which it was obviously the wish of Mr. Walsh to get