what principle any manufacturers or merchants in this country could expect to be much benefited by the repeal of the Orders in Council ? If our Orders were called anti-commercial and anti-neutral , what name was to be given to the policy of France ? It was her anti-neutral policy to engulph in her own power and dominion all neutral pones 781 which she was able to attack , In this anti-neutral spirit , Hamburgh was deprived of its independence , merely because France declared that this was a means of destroying British trade and taking British ships . What neutral was ever safe that the arms of France could reach ? Had she not said to each in succession , `` We must take away your independence in order to injure England '' ? Was it then a question , whether we were entitled to call upon neutral nations to assert and maintain their rights , and not suffer themselves to be made passive instruments in the hands of France , to second her hostile designs against this country ? If the French government had resolved to turn trade into a sword , and commerce into measures of hostility against us ; and if neutral nations would lend their hands to sharpen this instrument , intended for our destruction , we had a right to arrest the arm that would wield it , and those neutrals had no great right to complain , even although they might suffer something by the operation of the Orders in Council . It was not his wish to enter into a discussion now of those points for which the hon . gentleman desired those papers to be produced . He should vote against the production of them , because he thought that ministers ought not to consent to lay a foundation for a discussion which , in their opinion , might do harm at the present moment , and could be productive of no good . The hon . gentleman seemed to think , that the correspondence between the two countries was now finally closed , and that , therefore , there could be no danger in their production . He , for his part , hoped that the correspondence was not finally closed ; and while a hope of that sort remained , however slight , he wished to cherish it , and to do nothing which could increase irritation . He thought it possible that there were points in those discussions which might still be brought to a favourable issue : an event which could hardly be expected if those matters were publicly discussed in that House . He was extremely desirous to believe that the final issue might be different from what appeared from the present state of things , and therefore , he did not feel himself at liberty to go freely into such a discussion until the complete determination of the question . There were many points in the conduct of America which he could not now characterise by those epithets that he would conceive himself justified in using , 782 if an amicable settlement of those points became impossible.—An hon . gentleman ( Mr. Curwen ) had more than once in the course of his speech , expressed a hope that his Majesty 's present ministers were not likely long to hold that situation . ( Hear , hear ! ) Whatever golden dreams might be indulged on this subject , he must say , that as far as he knew any thing about the matter , he rather imagined that the hon . gentleman would find , that his consolatory prospects would not open upon him quite so pleasantly as he had imagined . ( Hear , hear ! ) But if the system which the hon . gentleman so strongly recommended , were ever to be a system dictated to the government of this country by parliament , then , indeed , he should feel happy to quit his present situation , and no longer form a part of any administration which must pursue a course so hostile , as he conceived , to the