, than from its adoption . With regard to what had been said on the economy of the measure , his argument was , that at the present moment it would produce no saving of the public money . likewise explained , that he did not himself believe the provisions to be of much magnitude , but the precedent was of much importance . rose to move for leave to bring in a Bill to repeal the Act of the 39th of Elizabeth , which constituted it a capital offence , punishable with death , in soldiers and sailors found begging in the streets . The hon . and learned gentleman conceived there could be no objection to remove from the statute book an act of this nature , which went to inflict a capital punishment on persons of this description , who were wandering or begging about the streets , without a pass from their commanding officers . The law had not , to be sure , been acted upon since the 16th of Charles , which last statute continued it , nor would the House deem it expedient to continue acts which , in the present times , never could be acted upon . Mr. Justice Blackstone , in his work referring to this statute , had said , it was `` a disgrace to the legislature . '' Being on the subject of the penal laws , he would take-this opportunity of stating , that it was not his intention at this moment to bring forward any of the bills which he had formerly done . In so refraining , he had not in the least altered his opinion as to the necessity of amending the criminal code , nor was his perseverance or patience 702 exhausted . He wished not to weary the House by bills which , from what had transpired , there was no chance or probability of passing the other House . He trusted , however , that the prejudices which now operated would subside , and in a little time be so removed as to afford him the opportunity of persevering with effect . Perhaps in the next session he should bring the subject again under the consideration of the House . He then-moved for leave to bring in a Bill to repeal the Act of the 39th of Elizabeth , against lewd and wandering persons pretending to be Soldiers or Mariners . rose to second the motion , and went into some detailed observations upon the act which it was intended to repeal . He maintained that Mr. Justice Blackstone had not asserted that the law in question was a disgrace to the legislature , but that it was a disgrace to the statute book , and the distinction , he contended , was an important one . Since the time of Blackstone , however , that act had been virtually repealed by the 32d of the King . The hon . member argued upon the necessity of the act at the time it was provided , and read the preamble of it , which stated that divers lewd , immoral and dangerous persons , contemning all religion , did wander up and down the country , weaponed and in troops , in the guise of soldiers and sailors , disgracing those honourable characters ; that divers heinous murders and other offences were committed by them , and that unless some provision was enacted by the legislature to prevent those enormous evils , the consequeuces to the community must be dreadful . This , he continued , was the state of the country at that time , and in a similar state almost every country in Europe was at the same period ; armed banditti infested the public roads ; and the act in question was to be considered rather as a legislative declaration of war against persons of desperate practices , than an act of parliament . The hon . member then entered into the precise objects of the act , and the miserable necessities of the times which called for its enactment . He thought it did not disgrace