his speech by the noble earl.—With respect to the system of licences , he must say that he entertained strong doubts of its legality . He was aware that licences were at all times legally within the prerogatives of the crown to grant ; but when the intention of licences was to do away the effect of the Orders in Council , they appeared to him to stand on quite different grounds . What was the operation of the licences as granted at present , but to counteract the Orders in Council , which were resorted to for the interest of the state , and which were only to be justified by the necessity of the case ? He was convinced that the learned judge of the Admiralty Court would look upon Orders of Blockade as instruments null and void , if their object was not to annoy the enemy , but to procure for this country the exclusive monopoly of the commerce of the world . The learned judge had often and solemnly declared himself to that effect . How , then , could the system of licences be considered legal , if the effect of it was to procure for this country a monopoly of trader ? —He should not enter further into this question at present ; but supposing that upon a principle of retaliation we should be justified in adopting measures to destroy the trade of the enemy , that would give us no right to dole out , to distribute , and even to sell parts and parcels of that trade to other nations . 1063 The power of granting licences belonged to the crown , but not eo intuitu , not that it might be employed for such a purpose . No man could maintain that the system of licences might not lead to gross and enormous abuses . He did not mean to charge the Board of Trade , or its officers , with any mal-practices , for if he did , as was usual on any attack , the whole ministerial bench would rise to insist that the individual objected to , was the most honest man that ever existed . The management of the system might be impartial in the intention , as no doubt it was , but it was impossible that it could be impartial in the practical execution of it . To be impartial , it would be necessary to persuade all those upon whom it was to operate , that it was so . It was not enough to say that the noble earl would not sully or contaminate his fingers by the grant of any licences from favour or partiality . The influence , however , of feelings must operate insensibly and unconsciously in many instances . It was not always easy to decide how far the possession of a vote , or of interest in a particular borough , corporation , or district , might affect the decision in the grant of a licence . Upon every ground , therefore , it was clear , that the system was liable to enormous abuses , and this was a strong reason for going into the enquiry , which was the more necessary , in order that their lordships might take care that the practice did not trench upon the constitutional power of the crown to grant licences.—The real ground of the motion of his noble friend , was the situation of the trade of this country , of which the noble earl , indeed , had given a favourable picture ; but this he must say , with respect to such representations as their lordships had heard upon this subject , that he never knew any administration , or any set of men in office , who did not contrive so to produce comparative accounts of exports and imports as to make the balance favourable . It was not from that comparison , but from the state of the country , that they were to form their judgment of the trade of the country . If the statement of the noble earl were really correct ,