difficulty of detection might in some cases be applicable , but here he thought the terror of death necessary to prevent the commission of the crime . Yet of all cases this was one in which this terror could have the least effect ; since the offence was carried on by a combination of persons bound together by a mistaken principle of honour . But leaving the general principle , he came to the Bill itself ; and observed , that the only difficulty was in the detection . If the offenders could be detected , the law was already severe enough . If the ground on , which the Bill rested was stripped of the legal jargon in which acts of parliament were necessarily involved , and reduced to a plain logical proposition , the absurdity would be too glaring to be for a moment entertained . The amount of it was this : `` Whereas it has been found difficult to detect these offenders , we will render that detection still more difficult . '' This law might irritate and exasperate ; but it would do nothing more . So much as to the first part of the Bill ; but even the second part , intended to facilitate detection , was not founded on wise principles . He should have thought a civil process much more desirable , by which the person having a frame belonging to another broken in his house , should be liable for damages to the owner , unless he proved that he had used every reasonable exertion to protect it . He agreed with his noble friend in disapproving the manner in which the military had been employed , and urged the propriety of an inquiry to open the eyes of the deluded multitude . Something might be done to break the combination , by offering rewards to persons making discoveries without dragging them to a court of justice to give evidence . If the punishment of death was improper for such an offence it was no excuse to say that the law was only temporary . Hanging our fellow-subjects was not a proper way of making 974 experiments . It might appear , on enquiry , that the cause of this evil was the fluctuation of the market—the tampering with our trade , which was regulated only by the caprice of ministers . A change of policy would then be found to be the proper remedy . The present course was fraught with danger , and he must discharge his duty by opposing the second reading of the Bill without a previous enquiry . He concluded by moving , that the second reading be postponed till that day three weeks . observed , that the two parts of the Bill ought to be taken together , and the object of both united was the prevention of the offence . The outrages at Nottingham originated in a mistaken notion of those concerned in them , that their interests were injured by the introduction of certain improvements in machinery , when the fact was , that all these improvements contributed to their advantage , and that by the conduct they were now persisting in , they were deeply injuring their own interests , and destroying their own comforts . From , however , the plan and system adopted by them , the difficulty of detection had become very great , and the object of the second part of the Bill was to increase the means of detection , whilst the first part of it , by enacting the penalty of death , there was every reason to believe would operate , by the terror of that punishment , to prevent the offence . The prevention of offences was the legitimate object of enacting the punishment of death ; and there was every reason to suppose that this object would be attained in the present instance , by combining the terror of this punishment with the increased facility of detection . agreed with the noble and learned lord , that the outrages at Nottingham originated in a mistaken notion of those concerned in them