( Mr. Stephen ) , about the disappointment he felt at the course he ( Mr. W. ) had taken in en-forcing his motion , he could only say , that 796 he was extremely sorry for that hon . and learned gentleman 's disappointment , aggravated as it was by the preparation which he avowed himself to have made to follow the question step by step ; and to discuss the Orders in Council in all their bearings . It was certainly a great hardship on the hon . and learned gentleman not to have the opportunity of speaking for four hours , as he had done on a former occasion on this subject , although in had health . If the hon . and learned gentleman had been indulged with that opportunity , he would have performed great feats ; he would have shewn how wrong America was , and how right Great Britain : he would have shewn how little England had to deplore the Orders in Council ; how very slightly her trade had been affected ; —not only how slightly her trade had been affected , but how much it had been benefited , —how much her prosperity had increased ; how much her wealth had been augmented . All these fine things had been lost , because the hon . gentleman could not make the speech he intended . But the hon . and learned member resisted the pro-dilution of the papers . He denied the member for Milburne the obtainment of his cui bono ; and he assisted to keep back that information which would have corrected the erring statements of that hon . and learned gentleman . It was not surprizing that the hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Stephen ) , should support the system of which he was the author , for he ( Mr. W. ) denied , in the name of all that was great , good and wise , that his lamented friend ( Mr. Fox ) was the author of that system . That great man , had he lived , would have averted the evils which a short-sighted policy had brought upon the country . But to the publication of the hon . and learned gentleman was mainly owing this system—it was he that was to be thanked by a ruined nation that our manufacturers were starving , and that the same Gazette which recorded our victories should also be crowded with our bankruptcies . It was to him that was attributable the closing of the ports of continental Europe , excepting as far as regarded the perjurous trade to the Baltic . He might indeed be called a questionable authority , and it might indeed be his business to maintain the Orders in Council . But if he were so anxious to make a speech in their defence—if he had in his power all the documents required , why did he not produce them ? To avoid 797 an angry discussion ? —No ; he was most anxious to begin one.—To avoid particular topics contained in them ? `` No , '' said the hon . member for Yorkshire , `` for you may select them from the newspapers . `` —Why then did he refuse to produce them ? `` Because he had such confidence in administration . '' When he , ( Mr. Whitbread ) first came into parliament , the country was on the ere of a war with Russia ; the favourite doctrine then was , confidence in the administration , and papers on which to found an inquiry were then refused on the same account that now operated . He admitted that he was not one of those who concurred with the minister on that occasion—the hon . member for Yorkshire did agree with him ; The motion was negatived by a majority , and the House was deprived of all information on which it could form an opinion , whether the negociation had been properly conducted , or whether a swaggering and dictatory attitude had been taken by the British minister . The present case was nearly