Orders in Council . Those persons had certainly 1123 borne their distresses with a patience and a fortitude which entitled , their present complaints to the most indulgent attention ; but it was impossible to convince him that the greater part of the individuals who put their names to a petition against the Orders in Council , were at all competent to ascertain the mode in which those Orders operated ; and of this he was assured , that their sufferings would be materially encreased were those Orders rescinded . He then took a view of the exports of the current year , which , though depressed , yet exceeded in a considerable degree what they had amounted to in 1808 and 1804 . From this , he thought he was warranted in asserting , that the desponding statements which had been made with regard to the existing state of the country , were either exaggerated or wholly without foundation . The country was in no danger of ruin , while so flattering a comparison could be made . Would the hon . and learned gentleman contend that England was not a great and flourishing country in the year 1804 . He believed that it had never been denied that she was ; and , therefore , he could see no ground at present for asserting that she was in so bad a state from the depression of her trade—as , notwithstanding that depression , her exports were still considerably above what they had been in the years he had before mentioned . The hon . and learned gentleman had contended , that the goods exported in the year 1809 had not been able to find a market . In that assertion , however , he was obliged to contradict him , and could , inform him that they had found a market—and still further , that our goods had continued to find a market until the month of March 1810 . He presumed that he need not inform the hon . and learned gentleman , that the produce of our colonies and fisheries was included under the head of imports . This being the case , however , it would appear that our exports , compared with our imports , did not determine the balance of trade . As to what had been advanced with regard to the excessive issues of Bank paper in England , he had to observe , that our Bank-notes had risen , within the last two months , according to the rate of exchange at Hamburgh , 10 to 15 per cent , and he did not entertain a doubt , that if the present favourable aspect of affairs continued , a more extended improvement would take place in the exchange . He had to state , 1124 besides , that the price of gold bullion was falling . These were facts that completely refuted what had been advanced so confidently on the other side during the debates on the Bullion question . He proceeded to contend , that the conduct of this country towards America had been uniformly conciliatory . In turning to the subject of the repeal of the Orders in Council , he wished to offer some observations to the House , and especially as to the grounds upon which it was maintained that that repeal should take place . We were told that the French had repealed their decrees , and that therefore we ought to repeal our Orders : but the duke de Cadore said , that they should be repealed when England gave up her right of blockade : and upon this the question rested . America also said , it was not our Orders in Council that she wished to have repealed , but she distinctly required of us to repeal so much of the prior regulations of 1807 as would give greater liberty to her traffic . What , however , would be the infallible consequences of repealing the Orders in Council , and of giving up the Licence trade ? To open to France and America the trade of the whole world . America would