of Mr. Benjamin Walsh ? Yes . Have you ever seen hint write ? I have . Look at that letter , and inform the House , whether it is the hand-writing of Mr. Benjamin Walsh ? I believe it is . Do you entertain any doubt on the subject ? Look at the whole of the letter . I have no doubt that this is Mr. Walsh 's hand-writing . Have you ever seen that letter before ? Never . Mr. Jenkyns , were you at the trial of Mr. Walsh ? Yes . By whom was that letter delivered into the court ? By the Solicitor General ; In whose custody has it been ever since ? In mine , Sir . Is that the identical letter delivered into court by the Solicitor General on the trial of Mr. Walsh , and kept by you ever since ? It is . wished to know whether to agree to the printing of this paper would be to entertain the charge brought forward against Mr. Walsh ? If so , it would be a grave subject for the consideration of the House , and he requested , therefore , to be favoured with the opinion of the Chair . apprehended that the letter was part of the proof against the hon . member . What decision the House would come to on the charge , it would be for them to determine , when they came to consider the evidence of which this letter was a part . , understanding that the letter was to be received as evidence of the charge , objected most strongly to its reception , because it was only evidence of a most dishonourable and infamous transaction between one individual and another . He hoped the hon . gentleman did not mean to adduce it in support of the record of Mr. Walsh 's conviction . That could not be done , for the contents of the record 987 must be its only support . If it were intended to rely on the letter in the event of the record not being considered sufficient to warrant the House in acquiescing in the ultimate proposition of the hon . gentleman , then he trusted the House would appoint a committee to search for precedents , in order to discover whether any such charge as that which could be founded on the letter had ever been entertained by parliament ; and whether parliament had ever proceeded to expel a member on the knowledge of a transaction , however infamous , between one individual and another . He had made diligent inquiry on the subject , and he could find only one case in the year 1670 , in which Sir Edward Thomas having complained of frauds and abuses on the part of his son towards himself , the House did entertain the charge : but they afterwards threw it out as not being on sufficient grounds , and decided that only those charges could be entertained which were founded on transactions infamous in a public point of view . All such transactions resolved themselves into four classes . The first , cases of persons who were found infamous by the records of their convictions in criminal courts of law ; secondly , cases of persons who had been in open rebellion ; thirdly , cases of persons guilty of corrupt and improper practices , as members of that House ; and , fourthly , cases of persons guilty of offences against the public . Never , however , was a charge entertained founded on a dishonest transaction between man and man . To entertain such charges would be to make the House of Commons a great court of judicature , authorised to examine every private transaction that was alleged to be improper : and the ultimate purposes to which such a power might be applied no one could foresee ; that it would be productive of enormous inconvenience was evident , and he therefore pressed for the appointment of a committee , before a precedent was established calculated to be so injurious in its consequences . confessed