which had fallen . from the right hon . secretary , as they evinced a total ignorance of the principles of the constitution established by the Union of the two countries . The main recommendation of that great measure was , that henceforward there should be one state , one parliament , and one cabinet ; instead of which , the right hon . gentleman was constantly imagining that Ireland was a separate kingdom , of which the duke of Richmond was king , and himself Prime Minister . He talked of the 'Irish Cabinet , ' and of himself as 'minis- 614 ter for Ireland . ' No such cabinet could , since the Union , exist ; and the responsible ministers for Ireland were the Lord Lieutenant , and the Secretary of State for the Home Department . The right hon . gentleman , as Secretary to the Lord Lieutenant , was not even entitled to correspond with the Secretary of State , or to act in . any case however trifling , but under the orders of the lord lieutenant.—He had spoken of the duke of Richmond 's `` Privy Council , ' was he , himself a privy counsellor , so ignorant as not to know that the privy council for Ireland was the King 's privy council , that it was a body , the members of which were independent of the lord lieutenant ; neither appointed by his authority , nor removable at his pleasure ? In the same spirit , he had designated the lord chancellor , the attorney and solicitor general , as 'the lord lieutenant 's servants . ' Indeed , these lofty ideas appeared to pervade not only his language that night , but every part of his conduct . He had claimed great credit for the mild and conciliatory conduct of the Irish government , and yet his own statement of the language which he had used to lord Fingall disproved the assertion . What were these conciliatory expressions ? `` My lord Fin-gall , the lord lieutenant has condescended to state to you—he has condescended to explain to you ! '' He was not acquainted with the noble lord—but he believed , he-was descended from one of the most ancient families in the empire , and four millions of people looked up to him as the assertor of their rights . Was this the language in which he should have , been addressed ? The lord lieutenant condescended The right hon . Secretary should have known , that , as an hereditary adviser of the crown , he had a right to Claim an audience even of hit Majesty ! . In the same spirit of fancied dignity and independent authority , he had commenced the present-contest with the Catholics by issuing his famous Circular Letter , without even consulting the King 's responsible ministers , or obtaining the sanction of the secretary of State for the Home Department , although there was ample and sufficient time for that purpose.—The right hon . Secretary had complained of the ridicule which had been cast upon that Circular Letter , and had `` aid that it was not right to place it to his account , as it had been drawn up by the law officers . But he ought to recollect that this ridicule bad proceeded not , from the opposition , but from his own 615 friends , and that the appropriate epithet of 'slovenly ' by which that performance had ever since been designated , was originally given by no less an authority than the Lord Chancellor . With respect to the authorship of that Letter , it was some-what unusual for a gentleman to complain of the hardship of being considered answerable for a paper which bore his signature , and not very magnanimous to cast the blame upon another , but in the present instance , he cared not whether the right hon . Secretary was , or was not , the author ; he looked upon it as the act of his Majesty 's cabinet . They had not disavowed it , or dismissed