, though they would not serve him as evidence on the trial , might be advantageous to him should he be brought up for judgment . replied , that he did not think the noble lord much benefitted by this triumphant explanation of the right hon . gentleman . One thing was certain , that the remark of the judge was made before the evidence was heard in defence of Mr. White . observed , that he felt himself in the same predicament as his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) : he could neither vote for the original Address nor the Amendment , but should think it his duty to vote against both . He would state , in a very few words , his objections 45 to the Amendment ; but as to the original Address , he would be silent , because he did not think the matter of it proper to be discussed at this particular moment . It travelled wide of the topics in the Speech delivered in the name of the Prince Regent ; and the Amendment which embraced those topics , was what he felt himself obliged to remark upon . The first topic of the Amendment was that which related to the establishment of a provision for the care and comfort of his Majesty 's royal person : and though no person was more inclined than he was to go farther in every thing which ought to be done in furtherance of this almost sacred object , yet he would reserve a right of assent or dissent fur that time when the arrangements to be proposed should be laid in detail before the House.—The second topic of the Address was that which related to Spain and Portugal . No person was more inclined than he to give a cordial tribute of applause to the troops and generals employed in the prosecution of the war in those countries ; but he could not go so far as to pledge himself by his vote that night , to sanction the granting of those supplies which might be proposed hereafter as necessary for its continuance . That our army had behaved with extraordinary bravery , he would willingly agree to ; he was even sure that the honour of the country never was better supported by any other army : but though no one doubted this , yet doubts might be entertained of the expediency of proceeding in this great contest at the vast expence which it continued to cost us . It was certainly true , that in our smaller enterprizes we were highly successful ; but , in our greater ones , it was equally true , that we were eminently unfortunate . If it should appear hereafter , that to prosecute the war , even at so vast an expence , was a wise system of conduct ; and if he should see the necessity and the usefulness of granting such enormous supplies , then he would not only agree to them , but would give his vote with that cheerfulness which always followed conviction.—The next important part of the Amendment , and it was , if possible , superior in importance to our connection with Spain and Portugal , was that paragraph which alluded to our relations with America . He heard with great satisfaction that part of the Speech which stated the amicable settlement of the affair between the Leopard and the Chesapeake ; and he was pleased also to 46 know that a hope was expressed of a like final adjustment of all the differences between this country and the United States . It was his wish , therefore , to abstain from any discussion which might not be in unison with the temper of the Speech ; and he would reserve whateyer he had to say on this subject , until the event of the negociations which were said to be now pending should be made known.—The last , and by far the most important topic of the Speech , was that which related to the affairs of Ireland . Ireland was of more moment to Great