could we expect , a favourable issue to the present contest ? The so much boasted Guerilla system , he considered as the most expeditious plan for rendering a nation savage , vindictive , and cruel , and turning its soldiers into freebooters . Was it the part of a generous ally , when we had advanced twelve millions for her aid , and marshalled 40,000 of our men for her defence , to bring only 9,000 men into the field , for this was the number of Portuguese joined with the British . This did not seem to be the conduct of men engaged in a contest for every thing which rendered this life valuable . From the documents which we had received from lord Wellington , we could not draw the consolatory hope that their future exertions would compensate for their former dereliction of duty ; in them we found even officers accused of deserting , and that the hospitals at Coimbra were filled with feigned invalids , while we were impoverishing our country , exporting our bullion , and circulating a base coin , — ( some of which the hon . general himself had inadvertently taken ; he meant the Bristol and Bath tokens , which were afterwards refused to be taken from him on the road to town , and this at a time when we paid 20,000l . a year for a mint ) —while the peninsula had been draining us of our real money , and we had been lavishing the blood of our brave soldiers in her cause , these our illustrious allies had either deserted their colours , or loitered their hours ingloriously in an hospital.—When he turned his eyes towards the north of Europe , he saw no hopes of assistance arising in that quarter ; he beheld Prussia reduced to the lowest state of national degradation , find observed , without any astonishment , an edict issue from the emperor of Austria , commanding a free and uninterrupted passage to the troops of his august cousin through any 66 part of his dominions : from these observations , it was impossible we could expect the resuscitation of any alliance inimical to the interest of the French emperor . These were times of difficulty and danger ; we beheld 100,000 men raised by out powerful enemy ; these men were not destined for Spain ; no , but for the destruction of England , stripped of its natural defenders , burdened by excessive taxes , and dispirited at seeing fleets take out as fine battalions as the world produced , and one ship bringing home their wretched remains . Here the hon . general pathetically mentioned the death of general Colman , late serjeant-at-arms of the House . The cause which he supported , and which he would continue to support , was the cause of truth , and in which he found himself aided by the testimony of our best historians , Hume and Robertson , who always reprobated continental wars as injurious to the real interest of Great Britain . That celebrated statesman , the late Mr. Fox , had wished for the pencil of Cervantes , to depict in their true colours the alliances against the French Republic . How much the more would he desire it now , were he alive , to represent the futile contest in which we were engaged against a nation much more powerful than it was at that time , and whose resources were at the disposal of a ruler , in whom , from experience , it confided ; and who , at the same time , knew that he enjoyed this confidence ; for what but a knowledge of the good wishes of the French nation could have induced . Buonaparté to be absent from his capital for more than seven months . The hon . general concluded by lamenting that we had engaged in a war which had cost us 60,000 men , and in which we bad expended so many millions of money . observed , that it had hitherto been usual , whenever the country was