in town might not wonder at such things ; but what sort of impression must it make on a sheriff from the country , who came to court in the performance of a public duty , when he was the next day called upon for money But what said these inferior officers of the household ? —that 399 they had their duties to perform , and had no remuneration except their low , insufficient , and scandalous salaries . Their conduct in demanding fees was connived at , and approved of by high authorities . Even persons who were received at court for their meritorious services were dunned in the same manner : and what must they think of it ? When the custom of taking vails was universally done away in this country , the wages of servants had been proportionally encreased ; yet this miserable practice was allowed to remain about the court . He felt it his duty to mention this subject , as it might come to the ears of his royal highness , whose own establishment , he knew , was pure from this species of inhospitality . The officers themselves he did not blame , for he was sure that they would , most of them at any rate , be happy to be relieved from such a system of beggary ; and many of them , though not in high stations , had feelings capable of all the unpleasantness to which such a practice exposed them . never knew of more than one complaint against the conduct of a marshalman ; and in that case proper redress was given , on application to the proper quarter . He had heard of no complaints as to the vails . He did not know who appointed the porters ; but if the Lord Steward did , he was sure he received no money for it . If the marshalmen wished to be relieved from the present practice , he was equally certain that the Knight Marshal would feel the same satisfaction . When officers misbehaved themselves , their pay was dropped . After some further discussion , in which Mr. Croker , Mr. Giles , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and Mr. Bennet , participated , the clause was agreed to . in pursuance of previous notice , rose to move for leave to bring in a Bill to ascertain the amount of the Population of Ireland . He expressed his surprize that a measure should have been so long deferred which would enable parliament to ascertain the number of persons for whom it was to legislate . Twice since the Union had the population of Great Britain been calculated , but in this respect , as well as in others , the natives of Ireland had been totally neglected . The only reason he 400 could imagine for this omission was a species of timidity on the part of certain persons , who were afraid even of letting themselves know the real amount of the inhabitants of the sister kingdom . It appeared to the right hon . baronet a solecism , that all the public bills introduced were not made to include the whole united kingdom ; leaving it to the persons bringing them in to point out what parts should be excepted ; but Ireland was uniformly excluded from the provisions in the first instance . He illustrated this position by alluding to the 50th Geo . 3 , for taking securities from public officers , which applied only to England and Wales , and to an act of last session for liberating persons confined for small debts in Great Britain , omitting all notice of Ireland.—He then went on to notice the difficulties stated by Mr. Rose on a former night , which , in the right hon . baronet 's opinion , might be overcome , by adopting partially the system of ascertaining the population in Ireland , and by employing the officers appointed by the Grand Juries in Ireland . Above all , he deprecated in obtaining the census any distinction being made between persons of particular religious