independent of any political questions with which they had no connection . That the honour conferred by the Prince Regent had been most richly earned , all must admit ; and from that , he apprehended , it followed as a corollary , that they should give the means to support it . His lordship concluded by moving an Address to the Prince Regent , thanking him for the communication , & c. ; being , as usual , an echo to the Message . rose , certainly not to oppose the Address , but to endeavour to persuade their lordships to extend the grant considerably . Whenever these honours were conferred for great and distinguished services , they ought to be accompanied with a fortune , sufficient not only to enable the individual to support his dignity , but sufficient to enable his posterity to maintain it without becoming dependents on the crown . Under this impression , he thought that ministers had 858 not gone far enough . He had on a former occasion observed , that in order to reward signal services with the least expence to the country , and the least injury to the aristocracy , a new order ought to be created in the constitution , with a rank equal to the peerage . The order of the Bath , for instance , might be advanced to a rank equal at least to that of a baron . The dignity would then be only for life ; and the objection as to dependence upon the crown would be at an end . The noble earl referred to three cases in our history as instances of splendid , moderate , and inadequate provision made for individuals advanced to the peerage . The first was the case of the duke of Marlborough . No one could look at the splendid palace of Blenheim without admiration of the actions that could deserve so brilliant a reward , and of the munificence which had conferred it . The next was the case of the late lord Nelson . There , indeed , a sum of 100,000l . had been given , and he was far from thinking that it was too large . The third was the case of the late lord Chatham , whose great talents and eloquence exerted in the public service bad justified his exaltation to the peerage . Yet lord Chatham must have strongly felt the unpleasant situation in which his posterity would be placed . They could have no means of supporting in a proper manner the rank to which they had been raised without some of the offices in the gift of the crown . This he was sure could not fail to be a very disagreeable situation . The practice of giving peerages , without adequate fortunes , if carried to a great extent , might be fatal to the independence of the aristocracy . Reverting to the point more immediately before the House , his lordship observed , that whatever difference of opinion there might be as to the policy of the war in Spain , there could be none with regard to the merits of lord Wellington . His only objection was , that his services had not been sufficiently rewarded . The noble secretary himself had stated , that lord Wellington 's fortune was but moderate . Why then not grant a much larger sum ? He should say , that in addition to the annuity , a sum of 100,000l . should be granted , that his lordship 's posterity might not be compelled to become dependants of the crown . If that should not be acceded to , he hoped , at least , that the annuity should be made 6,000l . instead of 2,000l . or at the very lowest that it might be 4,000l . He could not , in point of order , 859 offer any of these additions at present ; but when the Bill came before the House , he should take the liberty of moving an amendment . There were some words in the Address , however , to which