two millions , or at least , that a sum should be retained out 1298 of it , equal to that which had been already subscribed for the Portuguese , in order to relieve the distresses of our manufacturers at home , who were almost reduced to despair by the obstinate perseverance of ministers in the absurd and ruinous policy of the Orders in Council . This might be the more readily done , too , since Portugal was now able , as the noble Secretary alleged , to do so much for herself . Upon the whole , considering the engagements by which the country was bound , and how far We Were embarked , he did not think that our armies ought to be withdrawn from the peninsula ; but , on the contrary , that the war there ought to be prosecuted with the utmost vigour , provided there appeared any rational chance of ultimate success . If , as had been alleged , the universal Spanish nation was with us , much might yet be done . If they wished for our aid , and would cordially co-operate for their own defence , the most favourable results might be expected . But if they did not wish for our aid , —if they would not co-operate , but were prepared to submit and give up the contest in despair , —if they were ready to bow their necks to the yoke of the conqueror , it was useless for us to expect success . It ought to be observed , also , that if France should have to employ her armies elsewhere , an opportunity would be afforded for making a great effort which ought not to be neglected . was decidedly of opinion , that the country was pledged to assist the Portuguese , and that , if that assistance were refused , the national faith would be compromised . He would not , therefore , oppose the vote : at the same time , he was far from being satisfied with the mode in which ministers carried on the peninsular war . in rising to submit to the House a motion on the subject , did not feel that it would be necessary for him to trespass on their patience at any considerable length ; or to adduce many arguments 1299 to shew the expediency of affording that assistance to Portugal at the present moment , which had been sanctioned by the approbation of parliament , at former periods , when the advantages attendant upon it were by no means equally evident . Indeed the question appeared to him to be drawn into such a narrow compass , that it was scarcely possible for any one to doubt the principle of expediency on which the proposed grant rested , unless one of the following propositions was affirmed , viz . that it was so fundamentally wrong to subsidize any foreign power , that no application of that nature ought to be made to parliament ; or that the state of the war in the peninsula was such , that , notwithstanding the treaties by which the two countries were so closely united , notwithstanding the glorious successes of our arms , and notwithstanding the solemn faith which parliament had so repeatedly pledged on the subject , no further exertion I should be made by Great Britain , but that Spain and Portugal should be left to the dreadful fate which awaited them . Unless one of these two grounds was taken , he confessed himself wholly at a loss to conceive how the present proposition could be opposed . It was far from his wish to re-agitate those topics which at former periods had given rise to such controversy . It was unnecessary to recur to those topics , in order to sustain the motion with which he should conclude . Nor would it be politic to recur to them ; for he was persuaded , that if the committee should agree with him in thinking that the same pecuniary support ought to be extended to Portugal as was given in the last session