would not trust himself to reason upon a substitute . '' With respect to promotions , an hon . baronet , and , a gallant general , had stated some instances of privates being elevated to commissions . He should state another fact . After the battle of Busaco , the Commander in Chief sent to lord Wellington , ten ensign 's commissions , as rewards for so many non-commissioned officers who had greatly distinguished themselves.—Would any man , after the instances they had heard related , say that the British army received punishment and not reward ? The hon . baronet had talked of the mea dragging out a miserable existence in the veteran battalions , after 30 or 40 years service ; He was mistaken , in asserting that fact : the men were certainly placed in those battalions , from incapacity , either by wounds , or other infirmities , and they were not called upon to do foreign service . The pressure of war had , however , been so great , as to call forth the service of two of those battalions abroad , where they were stationed ; but , in point of fatigue , garrison duty was not so great . As to Chelsea hospital , the men 1283 were well satisfied with that as a reward for having ably served their country ; they were grateful for it , and considered it adequate to their wants . An hon . gentleman , ( Mr. Bennet ) had noticed the punishment for a soldier 's being found asleep on his post . Was the hon . gentleman aware , that by martial law , the offence was one of the greatest in the catalogue , and was punishable with death ? Did not the security of the army depend on the watchfulness of the sentinels ? At home , to be sure , where so much care might not be requisite , discretion in apportioning the punishment might be tolerated . Conceiving that the existing military code was necessary for the security of the country , he should oppose the hon . baronet 's clause . , though agreeing with the hon . baronet in the general dislike which he felt for this mode of punishment in the army , could not vote with him , on account of the manner in which he had brought forward his clause this night . He contended that the hon . baronet had , instead of mischief , done great good by urging these discussions ; but he was at the same time convinced that no discussions ought to be more cool , nor any more tempered by moderation . He thought it quite ill-timed to introduce this clause on the third reading , when it might have been with infinitely more advantage brought forward in the Committee . It appeared that all person ; wished that this punishment could be dispensed with , and he was convinced that it one day would be dispensed with : but to take an illustration from the Slave Trade , as others had done , he thought that the existence of flogging was just in the same predicament as the existence of slavery . Though the Slave Trade was abolished , who was there that would venture to say that it was practicable to emancipate the slaves ? He was afraid that there was something in the character of slavery which rendered it dangerous to give immediate freedom to the slave . As long as there existed a mass of baseness and profligacy in some of the soldiery , he was afraid that flogging must exist . A friend of his had told him , that in his Highland regiment nothing formerly was considered more disgraceful than a flogging . The highlander who had the misfortune to be submitted to the punishment , would in fact be for ever ashamed to hold up his head or return to his family . The principle of honour , therefore , which animated those 1284 men , used to render flogging unnecessary ; but the case was now changed : his regiment