it necessary that some qualification should be shown to the House , in order to maintain the public estimation of the character of those who had so much power in their own hands . As he understood the objection of the right hon . gentleman , it was not to the production of the qualification delivered in upon their appointment , but to their stating what it was , and where it now was ; and the right hon . gentleman said , it would be unjust to call on men to subject themselves to pecuniary penalties ; but was not the House to be put in a way of obtaining that information ? The House should know whether or not the law was properly executed . Let the right hon . gentleman only point out some mode by which they may obtain the information ; if not by this , by some other . Whether they had done this or that act , he did not ask of them to betray themselves into a liability to pay the penalty . If a man sold goods without a license , he had a right to be asked whether he had a license ; if this was not the case , what remedy would a court of justice have ? In what manner could the court proceed against him ? The same mode he would adopt in the present 487 case . From the unwillingness to produce these returns , he should most strongly suspect there was something wrong in the appointment of some of these magistrates . If there was any thing improper in point of legal form , to the mode proposed , he hoped the right hon . gentleman would condescend to suggest the best mode of coming at the fact . The legislature having passed a law , it was right they should see whether or not that law was evaded . It was of the greatest importance to the ends of justice that they should know that those to whom the administration of the law was confided , were properly qualified . For these reasons he warmly concurred in the motion of the hon . baronet . observed , that there never was a motion brought forward in that House with less grounds to maintain it . The hon . baronet assumed that , of which there was not the slightest evidence . He conceived there were two answers to the proposition of the hon . baronet , the first was , that there was no reason whatever to believe the law had been broken ; and the second was , that if it had , the last thing the House would do would be to call on that individual who had broken it , to give evidence tending to criminate himself . This was the strongest objection to any motion at all upon the subject . There were no grounds laid for the motion ; no particular charges stated no statement founded on facts ; but merely a general surmise of the hon . baronet , that improper appointments had been made . There were no reasons for this enquiry , unless the hon . baronet could lay such grounds before the House as would satisfy them that the inquiry should be gone into . The House had never expressed an opinion that the law had been broken ; if it had , the legislature had provided the remedy , with which the House had nothing to do . If the law was broken , the penalty was incurred , qui tam actions would lie against the party so violating the law ; and the case would be tried by a jury , who would have to determine upon the proof . There was nothing in this law which applied more particularly to the police magistrates than to every magistrate throughout the country . Would the hon . baronet call upon them all to state what was and are their qualifications , and where ? How was the hon . baronet to maintain the character of the magistracy by this mode of proceeding It was