his Majesty , the whole of which amounted only to 2,419,000l being an average during his reign of 93,000l . a year . And let it be considered , that since the year 1710 , money had been depreciated to nearly half its value at that period . Adverting to what the hon . and learned gentleman had said , of the munificence of Queen Anne , he observed , that so far from Blenheim having been built out of the royal purse , it had been commenced by parliamentary grants , which being interrupted by the Tory administration , the building was completed at the expence of the duke of Marl borough , who was subsequently remunerated by another parliamentary vote . He trusted that the House would not hesitate in allowing the bill to pass ; and if they thought proper , they might afterwards institute an inquiry into some of the minor details alluded to . considered it to be a duty he owed to his constituents to oppose all grants of the public money , unless there 389 appeared a necessity for such grants being made . Besides , in this Bill there was not only to be considered the money given , but the influence to be created , and above all the influence of the crown in the House of Commons . He wished to direct the attention of the House to that part of the subject . But setting aside all discussions on recent events , it was fit to be examined , what had been the conduct of our ancestors , when questions of a similar nature were agitated . In the 16th session of the 2nd parliament of Charles the second , known by the name of the Pensioned Parliament , complaints were frequently made of the influence of the crown in the House of Commons . In the 2d session of the 3rd parliament , the subject was revived , when sir Stephen Fox , who had the management of the Secret Service money , was made to name the members of the last Pensioned Parliament who had received money from the crown : he named from 30 to 40 persons who had pensions from 2 to 500l . a year each . Before the House could proceed against these persons , the parliament was dissolved . In the 4th parliament of Charles the second , the Commons came to the following Resolutions . Dec. 30 , 1680 . `` Resolved unanimously , That no member of this House shall accept of any office , or place of profit from the crown , without the leave of this House ; or any promise of any such office or place of profit during such time as he shall continue member of this House : and , That all offenders therein shall be expelled this House . '' It was then maintained by sir Francis Winnington ( and our ancestors , though following the Pensioned Parliament , had but a limited experience of those evils which we their posterity have felt : who had been an eye witness of those disgraceful scenes , he ventured to describe to many of those who had been sharers in the disgrace , `` That all of those who had pensions and most of those who had offices , voted all of a side , as they were directed by some great officer , as exactly as if their business in this House had been to preserve their pensions and offices , and not to make laws for the good of them who sent them here . That they were so far from being the true representatives of the people , that they were a distinct middle interest between the king and the people , and their chief business was to serve the end of some great minister of state , though never so opposite to the true 390 interest of the nation . '' While the parliament was engaged in these discussions , it was suddenly dissolved . In the 4th session of the 2nd parliament of king William , the House of Commons once