of at a price , below even its comparative value . In addition to this circumstance , it was computed , that no less than 6000 head of cattle were annually fattened for the market from the offals of the grain which was used in the distilleries ; and if this supply of food was unexpectedly withdrawn from them ( more especially at so inclement a period of the season ) a considerable number of these cattle must be brought to market before they were sufficiently fattened for the consumption of the public ; or at least it will be found very difficult , if not impossible , to procure sufficient pasture for their subsistence , by either of which alternatives the owner must be seriously affected.—Such was the mode in which this measure would be injurious to most of the farmers in Scotland , one of the most useful , patriotic , and industrious classes of the community . It already required all that energy , all that economy , and all that public spirit for which they had ever been conspicuous , not only to enable them to submit without repining to the pressure of the times , but even , by dint of every exertion in their power , to find the means of satisfying the exorbitant demands of the tax-gatherer . Such a measure as the present could not fail at this moment to be peculiarly discouraging ; and , if persevered in , would not only materially affect the landed interest of Scotland as well as the farmers , by occasioning a considerable fall in the rents , but would also be eventually injurious to the public , from the great diminution in the Property Tax which would necessarily ensue , if the income of the landlord and tenant in Scotland were to be curtailed , by so considerably lowering the value of the produce of the country . Well might the farmers complain , if , when the inclemency of the season had deprived them of the one half of their crop , the legislature , instead of adopting any measure for their relief , passed an act of parliament , by which the greater part of the remaining half was rendered unsaleable . The hon . gentleman concluded by 290 saying , that the Bill appeared very objectionable to him in many other respects , but that he should not trouble the House for the present , with any further observations on the subject . proposed to introduce a clause into the Bill , which should have for its object to prevent the English distillers from defrauding the revenue , by compelling them , under a penalty of 100l . to let their spirits run immediately from the still into a cask or vessel capable of holding as much spirit as could be distilled from a given quantity of sugar wash . Previously , however , to proposing this clause , the hon . baronet entered into some minute particulars , shewing that the declaration of an eminent distiller before the committee , that from a hundred gallons of sugar wash only twenty one gallons of spirit could be distilled , was erroneous , and that he believed 100 gallons of sugar wash would produce 24 gallons of spirit ; if so , the duties charged upon the sugar wash were evaded to a certain degree , and the English distiller paid a duty ( supposing him to obtain 24 gallons of spirit from 100 gallons of sugar wash ) of only 6s . 10d . ½ while the Scotch distiller paid one of 7s . 10d . ½ . He proposed , therefore , that the 7th sect , of the 39th Geo . 3 should be so amended as to place the distillers of England and Scotland upon the same footing . informed the hon . baronet that his amendment and clause would be more properly discussed at a future stage of the bill . observed , that the proposition of the hon . baronet would have been more regular at another stage , but as the House was acquainted with