more revived the question , and a Bill , known by the name of the Place Bill , was introduced , passed this House , but was rejected in the Lords by a majority of two . It was revived the next session , again passed this House without much opposition , and was agreed to by the Lords ; but king William was advised to refuse his consent . Thereupon the House of Commons resolved , `` That it is the opinion of this Committee '' ( the House being in a Grand Committee on the State of the Nation : `` that whoever advised the king not to give the royal assent to the Act , touching free and impartial Proceedings in Parliament , which was to redress a grievance and to take off a scandal from the proceedings of the Commons in parliament , is an enemy to their majesties and the kingdom . '' In another Resolution they say , `` That the act tended much to the clearing the reputation of this House . '' The hon . gentleman professed it not to be his intention to pass any panegyric upon the motives of those who supported the Place Bill in the time of king William . It was , however , to be remembered , that their votes were in unison with those of the Whigs in the time of Charles the second. , when the corrupt influence of the crown first began to be felt : nor should it be forgotten , that the Bill was supported by men of all parties and descriptions in that House ; by men of the greatest integrity , of the first rate abilities , and of the most enlightened and rational views , who , disagreeing in many points , agreed in these , that parliament was not to become the great grievance of the nation , and that the giving away of the public money among themselves and becoming the hired and pensioned servants of the crown , were violations of their duties to the people . Neither did the hon . gentleman propose to go the length of the Bill in disqualifying all the servants of the crown ; as there was a wide distinction to be taken , between those ministers of the crown who were at the same time servants of the people , and that herd of household retainers and inferior officers of the government , who seem to be of no other use than to swell the train of the minister , and to vote according to his orders , however hostile to the wishes or contrary to the interests of the 391 nation . In an act of the 13th of king William , entitled , `` An Act for the farther Limitation of the Crown , and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the subject , '' it was enacted , '' That from and after the death of the king and princess Anne , no person who has any office or place of profit under the king , or who receives a pension from the crown , shall be capable of serving as a member of the House of Commons . '' This act was repealed by the 4th of queen Anne . The 6th of Anne disqualifies persons holding offices created since the 25th of October 1705 , or that shall hereafter be created : and enacts that every member shall vacate his seat upon the acceptance of office , with , however , the liberty of re-election . These acts were mentioned , not only to shew the anxiety of our ancestors to lessen the influence of the crown in this House , but also to shew that by the last , the impropriety of members of parliament holding offices under the crown was recognized . Various attempts were made in the reigns of Anne , George the 1st , 2nd , and 3rd , with various success , for the diminution of this influence . In 1780 , a vote was passed against the increased influence of the crown , and declaring the