those who refused those offices deserted their duty . Why ? Because they would not join with an administration betwixt whom and themselves there existed no one fixed principle of union . With respect to the differences of opinion on his side of the House , there must be differences at times between men of principles and honour ; and if those differences were such as to make it impossible for men of honour to unite in council together , to reproach those who refused that union , was to reproach them because they would not do the basest of all things ; because they would not barter in their counsels ; because they would not barter their principles for a place in administration . The hon . gentleman had emphatically designated him as member for Bedford . Of this be was prouder than of all the titles which it was in the power of the crown to bestow ; it was not in the power of the crown to make him higher ; for nothing could be more exalted than the title of an independent member of parliament . He had not been courted to accept of a place ; but had he been courted , as lord Grenville and lord Grey were— '' No , so help me God ! '' said Mr. Whitbread , `` I would rather sink ten thousand fathom deep , than make a part of any administration , of whose principles I could not approve . '' He would not even have accepted such a situation , if he had been solicited by his sovereign himself . But when the present ministry came forward and said , their opponents had been guilty of a dereliction of duty , for refusing to accept places under an administration to whom they were diametrically opposed in every principle , and particularly in that vital principle of Catholic Emancipation , they were pronouncing the strongest condemnation of themselves which it was possible to utter—And here he could not help adverting to some rumours which had gone abroad , that this principle of Catholic Emancipation was no longer to be considered a cabinet measure , and that the strength of administration was no longer to be directed against the Catholic claims ; so that a bargain was now to be struck with those who were favourable to the Catholics , by those who believed that to admit the Catholics to power , would be to betray their country ; and a measure which was professed to be of the most vital importance was to be sacrificed to the mere possession 1019 of office . The Catholic question was now , it seemed , to be scrambled for , and to be treated exactly in the same manner as the Slave Trade question had been treated . Let the Catholics consider for a moment , what might be the probable effects of such a system , from the effects which had been witnessed in the question of the Slave Trade . Let them consider that the most powerful minister which this country ever possessed , exerted for 20 years all that transcendent eloquence and all those great powers which belonged to him , without the smallest effect ; and let them reflect , that that trade never was abolished , and never would have been so , till it was made a measure of an administration , who had pledged themselves on the subject , and then it was abolished with one of the smallest minorities which had ever been seen in that House on a question of any importance . Before , however , the hon . gentleman called them to join the administration of his friends , it would be well for them to inquire if those friends were united among themselves ; for , if a disagreement in the nation was bad , a disunion in the councils of the crown was worse . A late member of the administration , of whose policy he certainly could not approve , but whose talents and eloquence no man admired more than he did , and who was