? To this band of united freemen let four millions of Irish be added , and the empire might bid defiance to the hostility of the world . After what had been given to the Roman Catholics of Ireland , it would be impossible long to withhold that which had not been given . They had been admitted to some rights . They had been admitted to vote for members of parliament , and to buy estates . The former would give them political importance , and , with respect to the latter , as Protestants must be the sellers , and Catholics would almost always be the buyers , in time they would acquire as great a preponderance in point of landed property , as they did now in point of population . Adverting to the recent events in the courts of justice in Ireland , the noble earl drew a parallel between those events and the occurrences in the reign of Charles , relative to Ship-money , which latter the great lord Clarendon had characterised as fraught with dangers to the country , of the most serious and alarming description . said , that he had too much personal respect for the noble earl in whom the motion originated , and for the noble lords by whom it had been supported , to suppose them actuated by any but a laudable motive . He had no doubt that it was their intention to conciliate the feelings of the Catholics ; but by some strange error , they had selected every possible topic of exasperation . The themes on which they had dilated were the misconduct of the Irish government , the discontents in Ireland , the causes of those discontents , and , in their opinion , the cure for them . With respect to the conduct of government in Ireland , all that related to the temper and conciliation which had been shewn was the merit of the Irish government exclusively ; but in the general conduct his Majesty 's government at home must claim their full share . It was the object of the framers of the Convention act , not to interfere with the right of the subject to petition , but to prevent any individual from speaking for others , or being the organ of any class of people . It was possible that the Catholic Committee had for some time , before it was applied to them , come within the meaning of the Convention act . But surely it was not to be imputed 456 as a crime to the Irish government to look too closely at the proceedings of this Committee until they assumed a more dangerous character . About the end of 1810 , it was discovered that the Catholic Committee meant to increase their numbers , and to assume a representative shape . As soon as this was known to the lord lieutenant and government of Ireland , they remonstrated with the Committee , and stated to the well disposed the evils that would arise if they persevered in their determination . The Committee resolved to proceed . Nothing considerable , however , was done , until after the discussion of the Petition of last year . On the 9th of July , the Committee thought fit to call an assemblage of a larger extent , and formed in the nature of a representation of the Catholic body ; and this under the pretence of framing a petition . He appealed to all who now heard him , whether it was not the duty of the Irish government to consult the law servants of the crown on the subject ? The opinion of the law servants of the crown was , that such an assembly came within the provisions of the Convention act , and that opinion had since been confirmed by the court of King 's Bench . That the assembly was illegal appeared to him to be evident . It was self elected ; it met when it pleased ; it continued assembled at pleasure ; it raised money ; it voted thanks . With respect to