by what means a Committee would be enabled to probe the hearts of men , and search out the motives of their conduct . The transactions of the last summer therefore appear to me , not only to afford no ground for my noble friend 's motion ; but , on the contrary , to make such a Committee as he has proposed unadvisable , even though it had been in other respects fit to go into a Committee on the other and larger ground on which my noble friend 's motion is founded . In approaching the discussion of this larger question , I am aware that I labour under great disadvantage . The feelings and passions of men are so warmly interested on the one side or the other , that to engage in the discussion without adopting in some measure the views and language of a partizan , is , I am perfectly sensible , to incur the risk of disappointing both parties and pleasing neither . But this disadvantage I am not afraid to encounter . If I know my own heart , I come to the present question uninfluenced by any selfish motives , by any objects either of power or popularity . I wish merely to do my duty . I seek not the triumph of either party , but I look to the tranquillity , the security , and the happiness of the whole . Much has been said , in the various debates that have taken place on this subject , of promises made , or understandings entered into , at the time of the union . Promises , I know of none ; nor do I believe , that any were made . An understanding there certainly was , not expressed by any act of the legislature , but fairly to be collected from the language of almost every man who spoke in favour of the Union in either House of Parliament ; —that , whereas the separate resident legislature of Ireland , surrounded and agitated 519 by local passions and prejudices , was incompetent to discuss , impartially and dispassionately , the subject of the Catholic claims , —the imperial parliament , after the accomplishment of the Union , being removed from the influence of those local feelings , and from the sphere of those prejudices which obstructed a temperate discussion in Ireland , might safely and conveniently entertain the question , and might come to a rational and enlightened decision upon it . That time arrived . The Union being accomplished , the question was open to discussion in the united parliament : when an obstacle arose , to the nature of which it would not be fitting to do more than allude ; but of which I believe it may be said without hazard of contradiction , that , however it might impede for a time the consummation of their wishes , there is no virtuous and loyal Catholic who does not deeply deplore its removal . Is it at this moment , when the expectations , well or ill founded , under which the Union was brought about , might be realized , —when the claims of the Catholics might at length , without impediment ; be submitted to parliamentary consideration—is it at this moment that my right hon . and learned friend would break the word of promise to the hopes of the Catholics , and shut the door against their expectations for ever ? I do not say that the claims of the Catholics can this day be granted . I do not say with my noble friend that this is the moment for taking them into consideration . I agree indeed with my noble friend as to the great and urgent importance of the subject ; but I rather think my noble friend does not agree with me as to the magnitude of the difficulties that encompass it . But whatever doubt I may entertain as to the view which my noble friend has taken of the subject , however much I may be disposed to question whether he has considered it in all