the sentences null . Of course no condemnation took place , and this grant was for the purpose of repairing to the captors the loss which they would otherwise have sustained . Was this an abuse of the fund ? —The next case was that of lord Keith . Had the hon . and learned gentleman been at that period a member of the profession , he would have known that the detention of the American ship by lord Keith was a subject that involved as much legal disquisition as any that had ever occurred . Lord Keith thought he had a good right to detain the ship `` at the Cape of Good Hope . The captain being sullen at his detention , took no care of her , and she was totally lost . A suit was commenced against the underwriters , who were cast ; they , in turn , obtained damages from lord Keith , and government very properly determining that lord Keith should not be ruined by this transaction , gave him the sum which appeared in the paper . With respect to the grant to the clergyman who had given information of the inadequate force of a privateer , it was well known that the law considered it a grave offence , punishable with a fine of 1,000l . and a year 's imprisonment , for the captain of a privateer not to have a force equal to that for which he had contracted with government in his letters of marque . In this case the privateer was so circumstanced ; not only , 958 therefore , did the capture belong to the crown , but the captain was also in the state of a culprit . The person by whom the information was given , was assuredly entitled to the reward which had been assigned him . There was one point adverted to by the hon . and learned gentleman , the exact state of which he wished the House distinctly to understand . It was , the grant of 932l . to sir William Scott , for deciding certain causes . The hon . and learned gentleman had said , that this might go over to America , and that it might there be supposed , however unjustly , that this money was paid to sir William Scott , for the purpose of influencing him ; in his decisions . The fact was , that these were not decisions in the high court of Admiralty ; but that they were decisions by reference of a vast variety of cases of American claims , so referred , for the purpose of saving the claimants trouble and expence . Sir William Scott was the British referree , and his hon . and learned friend near him the American referree ; the latter had been paid by the Americans , the former , by the grant which had called forth the hon . and learned gentleman 's animadversions . With respect to the Portuguese commissioners , he was sure the House would feel from the peculiar circumstances of the case , that those expences could not be paid out of the property . As to the Danish claims , no doubt they were cases of considerable hardship , as all those must be in which individuals suffer by the wars in which their country is engaged . On investigation , however , it appeared that these claims were not of a nature which would justify the required satisfaction , and to show that government had no sinister view on the subject , every shilling of the droits accruing from the expedition to Copenhagen had been given to the captors.—He was sure that the House would not coincide with the hon . and learned gentleman in the view which he took of the grants that had been made out of the droits to the various branches of the royal family . This fund , being under his Majesty 's controul , his Majesty had thought proper to apply it to relieve those branches from embarrassment when required . It was merely a case in which a