was a question , therefore , not undeserving of inquiry , whether this misconduct of the masters was not , in a great measure , the cause of the discontents of the workmen . But while he made these charges against some of the masters , he was aware that there were many of them who never condescended to any such practices . He agreed with the right hon . Secretary , in thinking that the mischief was really dreadful ; but yet he was extremely unwilling that the punishment of death should be resorted to , because he was afraid that such a punishment would , instead of promoting , contribute very much to retard conviction . Something , however , he was willing to allow must be done ; and if terror would put down the mischief , he was ready to support it.—There was another point he wished to advert to . There was no law existing against the destruction of lace frames , a branch of manufacture of as much consequence , he believed , as the manufacture of stockings . On this subject he might be mistaken , but he believed there was no such law existing.—He thought the right hon . Secretary had shewn , throughout the whole of this business , a degree of zeal , perseverance , and talent , which could not 815 be sufficiently admired.—With respect to the other measure , he would not say much , as it was not necessary in Nottingham . The magistrates of Nottingham had from the beginning conducted themselves with a vigour , which he could wish to see every where imitated . They had divided the respectable inhabitants into detachments of fifties , who were ready at all times , day and night , when requisite ; and such had been the good effects of these efforts , that in a town of 40,000 inhabitants , containing more misery than he had ever before seen , the magistrates had hitherto been able to preserve the public peace , with a very few exceptions , which no mortal vigilance could have prevented . The town of Nottingham had therefore gone beyond the measure of the right hon . Secretary . thought the House ought to have some ground before them to justify their interference , something that should appear on their books . A local bill might be brought in , preceded by a petition from the magistrates , or a committee might be appointed to inquire into the circumstances of the case , which , he conceived , would be rather a better method of proceeding . Great advantages were likely to result from the inquiries of a committee up stairs : it would shew those misguided men that the eye of the legislature was upon them , and it would show posterity the grounds on which the House had acted . What had the right hon . Secretary brought forward to justify the infliction of death ? Did he state that this act of the 28th of the King , had been put in force , and found unavailing ? Had any convictions taken place under that act ? However averse he was to punish with death , if transportation were found insufficient , it would be necessary to have recourse to the severer punishment . If any body of men chose to array themselves against the public peace , they must by all means be put down ; but it was indispenisible to see first , whether the existing laws were or were not sufficient . It was well known , that in general , capital punishments were not much calculated to promote convictions . Juries were always averse to convict capitally , and witnesses averse to give evidence . He thought , therefore , that the right hon . Secretary ought to come forward with some cases of convictions under the act of the 28th of the King . , in rising , adverted to an 816 expression which had fallen from an hon . and learned gentleman ( sir S. Romilly ) on a former evening , when moving