age , skilled in the civil and canon laws , and practised in them . This act passed in the year 1603 . In the year 1616 , a petition was presented to the Archbishop , complaining of the appointment of a son of the then bishop of Landaff to one of those inferior jurisdictions , without his being duly qualified according to law ; and on this representation the person objected to was removed . In the year 1625 , a similar representation was made as to the son of the bishop of Hereford , who was removed in like manner . An application was some time afterwards made at common law , to remove a person of the name of Sutton , which was refused . But in the reign of king William , on an application made to remove a person of the name of Jones , from one of the inferior ecclesiastical jurisdictions , on the ground of his not being duly qualified , he was accordingly removed . It was obvious , therefore , that the law was at one time strictly acted up to and enforced , and that it was not deemed enough that persons appointed should have practised , but that they should also be skilled in the civil and canon law . It had now , however , become too much the practice for those who had the patent right to such appointments to imagine that they were entitled to appoint their own sons or other relations , without at all regarding their qualifications . This was a matter of great importance , and deserving of being strictly looked into ; for , whatever the law was , if it was not duly administered , it was of little moment . A Committee , he was of opinion , could not tend to remedy this evil . said , that he had made some inquiry into this business , and understood the surrogates had minutely investigated the conduct of the cause , and had declared that all the proceedings were regular ; and that as to the prisoner being a minor , from the contumacy shewn by not appearing to the citation , it was impossible the court could know any thing of it . If she had appeared : and pleaded her minority , the court could then have determined on it ; but as the matter stood , they knew nothing about it . said , he could hardly believe , that the noble lord who had brought forward the present question , was himself aware of the nature and effect of the motion he had submitted to the House . He trusted , however , that the House would pause before it agreed to go into an inquiry such as that proposed by the noble lord . Let the House consider what might be the consequences to others of their agreeing to such an inquiry ; let them consider the number of persons who must be brought up from different parts of the country to be examined before the Committee , at an expence which their petty emoluments would but ill enable them to discharge ; and he was satisfied they would require farther proof of the necessity , and also of the utility of such a Committee before they concurred in the motion of the noble lord for the appointment of it . The House , however , must also feel itself called on in justice to consider that this was a principle which attached to every court , high and low , namely , that every court , however , inferior its jurisdiction might be , was entitled to be held in a decent state of respect , till it was proved to have done something to forfeit its character . When this should be proved , it would be time enough to hold out such jurisdiction to public odium ; but till then he could not agree to any such measure as that proposed by the noble lord.—He should not follow the noble lord into those legends of antiquity to which he had had recourse