first place to get at the principal , and to enter into conversation with him , always on the watch to catch something for their purpose . If they can not see the principal they resort to the secretary ; if the secretary is not to be had they try the clerks , and when they find these inaccessible they fasten upon the very door-keepers , and in short , employ every effort that cunning and a keen sense of interest can suggest to pick up little odds and ends of information . But if this system is resorted to at the Foreign-office , and if such information is somehow or other frequently obtained from persons of the utmost purity of motives , how much more must the Board of Trade be open to abuses of this sort ? In the Board of Trade it is necessary to consult and converse with interested persons ; and when questions are put to practical men , if they have the usual acuteness of British merchants , they will soon know from the right hon . gentleman what he is about to do . It is giving to such men as great an advantage as it would be for the Chancellor of the Exchequer to tell a stock-broker what was to be the amount of the next loan , when he proposed to fund a large amount of Exchequer Bills , or at what precise period peace or war would take place in the country . Indeed the information to be had at the Board of Trade under the present circumstances , is far more lucrative ; and probably as brisk a trade is carried 1110 on in this way between Lombard-street and Westminster , as that carried on by licence under the Pappenburgh flag . But who were the persons who would be found thus waiting on the right hon . gentleman ? There indeed will not be found the hon . member near me , nor the hon . member for Worcester , nor any of the members for the city of London , clearing inwards and outwards ( a laugh ) No such respectable individuals will you find there ; but you will find , besieging the doors of that office , ample exports and imports from Lombard-street and Duke 's place—neutrals under the controul of the enemy , and their jobbers , Jews , persons of the description of Jews , and brokers of merchants resident in the north of Germany , who have their agents here for the purpose of managing their commercial transactions . These are the persons with whom the vice-president of the Board of Trade consults . In this manner you furnish the enemy with the means of knowing the course and current of trade at every instant . The Orders in Council and the Navigation Laws are general measures ; but here you have another system by which the enemy has the means of knowing at all times what articles you wish to have exported , and what you wish to have imported from the continent ; and by this means it is his own fault if he does not put that commerce completely within his controul . But the last and most deplorable consequence of this licensing system , is the effect which it is producing on the morals of the trading part of the community of this country . Here I implore the attention of the House , and the attention of the hon . gentlemen opposite ( would to God I could appeal to them in a more effectual manner ) , and intreat them to consider the consequences of giving continuance to a traffic which has so often been described as `` a system of simulation and dissimulation from beginning to end . '' These are the words of the respectable Judge who presides in our Courts of Admiralty , who as he owes in that capacity allegiance to no particular sovereign , is bound to mete out justice equally to the subjects of all nations who come before him . This is the language of the right hon .