, that if we did not carry on this traffic others would . Such were not his principles . What he contended was , that the imposture must still be practised by British subjects , that the British government must still connive at it , and that Great Britain must act her full part in the mas- 1138 querade . But the hon . and learned gentleman had said , that Buonaparté was a decided enemy to commerce . He ought to have added a word to that sentence , and said , that he was a decided enemy to British commerce . As to his own commerce , he appeared to have it very much at heart . When he had extended his line of sea-coast from France to the shores of the Baltic , did he then appear indifferent about the commerce of his empire ? When he allowed , as it was said , 60,000 seamen to be employed in navigating the merchant-vessels of the northern parts of his empire , instead of putting them on board his fleet at the Scheldt , did that appear as if he was indifferent about commerce ? As to America , it must be particularly recollected , that it was not only the Orders in Council which she required of us to abandon , but also that which Buonaparté called our new principles of blockade . As America had required both , it was not fair to argue now , that the repeal of the Orders in Council would be sufficient to conciliate America . As to the right of blockade , the hon . gentleman himself did not wish to abandon it nor yet to throw the whole trade of Europe into the hands of America , while we were excluded from it . With respect to what had been said about arrogance of tone in the correspondence between the two countries , he did not wish at present to make an observation on the subject , and he hoped that that consideration might long be postponed . He did not wish to make any observations upon the stile of the correspondence , or on any minor points . In order to preserve peace and friendship with America , he would consent to any sacrifice that was consistent with the commercial existence of the country , or with our means of opposing the great and almost overwhelming power of the common enemy . Nothing appeared to him more to be deprecated than that a nation allied to us in language , in common origin , in habits and manners , and above all in liberty , should favour the enemies of all liberty , and lift up a parricidal hand against the freedom of the world—against that freedom for which she had so obstinately fought , and which was now her boast . He allowed that this country now stood on too high grounds , from the victories which she had obtained by land as well as by sea , to have it supposed that in the concessions which she might make to America , she was actuated by any but the noblest motives . 1139 She stood higher still from the generosity of her conduct , and her opposing herself as the bulwark and safeguard of all nations which the ambition of the enemy sought to conquer or destroy . If it were possible to conciliate America without the destruction of our commerce , or without depriving ourselves of the means of carrying on the war with France , be thought that there could be hardly any sacrifice too great for such an object ; but if the means of prosecuting the war must be thrown away to satisfy America , he never could consent to it . The country might as well ask a peace of Buonaparté at once . With these views of the subject , it was his firm opinion , that the distress which was spoken of did not at all proceed from the Orders in Council ; and he could not consent to appoint a committee , which he thought could not possibly