of the hon . and learned gentleman . One most important effect of the Orders in Council was , the loss of the American trade . The hon and learned gentleman had said a great deal , in a very declamatory and imposing manner , about the maritime rights of this country . The Order of the 7th of January 1806 , of the former administration , interdicted the coasting trade ; and was only retaliating in so far as retaliation could be useful . He was not inclined to give up the point of the coasting trade . War with America was , no doubt , a great evil ; and was , no doubt , to be avoided by every reasonable concession ; but he did not know whether the trade with America would be an equivalent in this case . Against this Order , America , no doubt , did complain ; but it was that sort of complaint which a neutral nation always makes to a belligerent , and was not such a one as was likely to lead to war . Now with respect to these maritime rights , which were said to be in danger , he did not find there was any difference between Mr. Foster and the American government , on the subject of blockade . Mr. Foster wrote on the 26th of July , that the blockade of 1806 , would not be continued , unless there was a sufficient naval force to affect it ; and Mr. Monro returned an answer , agreeing to that explanation of the subject , and stating the point in dispute to have been the right claimed by Great Britain , of placing whole coasts under blockade by proclamation , without a sufficient naval force to carry that blockade into effect . He wished gentlemen on the opposite side of the House would condescend to explain how these maritime rights could be endangered by the repeal . There had been , in fact , a practical repeal already ; and the Orders had been confined to Holland and France . They did not now extend to the Baltic , nor to the Ems , nor to the territory of Murat , which was considered as not subject to France . France would not agree to receive colonial produce into the Elbe or the Ems ; and therefore , if the Orders in Council were repealed , France would not receive American vessels . He intreated the House to bestow the fullest consideration on this deeply important question . It was surely the policy of this country to make as much as possible of those countries which it was beyond the power of the enemy to reach , he meant North and South America , and India , 788 which were , perhaps , a sufficient field for our industry . explained . He had not said that the trade of the country was at present in a state of the highest prosperity ; but , in answer to a proposition of the mover , he had observed , that the commerce of the empire , which had been impaired by the Berlin and Milan decrees , was restored to its original vigour when the system of retaliation was resorted to ; and , in fact , it had been raised several millions above what it had ever been before . said , that when two countries were in a state of pending negociation , it was improper to move for papers by which that negociation was liable to be affected . Those who , under such circumstances , called upon the government to produce them , rendered themselves responsible for all the mischief which their production might create . The case was somewhat altered , when these papers were already before the public , but still it was hard to separate them from those which were at the moment passing between the ministers of the two countries . If he agreed in opinion with the hon . gentleman ( Mr. Curwen ) who had argued with such extraordinary animation in favour of taking the power