drive . To lead men by a principle of honest emulation was infinitely preferable to driving them forward under a system of 1275 terror like that embraced in the maxim of Caligula , `` Oderint dum metuant . '' To none was this remark more applicable , than to those engaged in the military profession . It was to satisfy his sense of duty upon the subject , that after the third reading of the Bill , it was his intention to propose a clause , the effect of which would be to declare that the punishment of flogging rendered the person on whom it was inflicted infamous , and liable to the challenge of a jury ; and that the same ought to be abolished . observed , that the hon . baronet set out with professing that what he had to say would be an appeal rather to the hearts than to the understandings of members ; and in truth his speech had been addressed to the passions rather than reason . He was persuaded that , however conscientious the motives of the hon . baronet , there was no degradation from which the British army would recoil with more disgust and impatience , than from the description which the hon . baronet had been pleased to give of their situation . What was it true that a British soldier was subject only to punishment ? Was he entitled to no reward ? Was he in a worse state than an African slave ? He would venture to say , that there were no assertions so untrue , so calculated to incense the feelings of the British army , and indeed to reduce them to real degradation , as many of the statements of the hon . bart . The hon . baronet had hazarded opinions not founded on any enquiry . He had said , that no soldier who underwent corporal punishment could ever raise his head again among his friends and companions . If he had investigated the fact , he would have found that in many regiments soldiers who had suffered proper corporal correction , so far from having become worthless , had afterwards conducted themselves in such an exemplary manner as to become noncommissioned officers , and in that new situation to fulfil all their duties irreproachably . This was fact , and the hon . bart . was not justified in coming , down to the House , and uninformed as be was , broadly stating , the punishment was invariably followed by the self-abandonment of the soldier on whom it had been inflicted . The hon . baronet had charged him with an intention , on a former night , of deluding the House by a fallacious statement with respect to the number of corporal punishments that had recently 1276 been inflicted . If the hon . bart . had condescended to be present on that occasion , he would have heard how the subject was introduced , and in that case he would , perhaps , not have deferred his present proposition to a time when it could not with consistency be possibly received ; for certainly nothing could be more ridiculous than to suppose , that after the House had read , for the third time , a Bill which recited corporal punishment as intimately connected with its provisions , they would agree to tack to it a clause by which corporal punishment should be wholly abolished . He would inform the hon . baronet , that what he had stated on the evening alluded to was , that he was persuaded of the impossibility of abolishing the punishment altogether ; although he felt in common with those whose immediate duty it was to enforce the law , the utmost wish to render that punishment as little frequent as necessity would allow . He had also observed , that the statements made relative to punishments inflicted had been grossly exaggerated , and that in the infliction of punishment for offences , it would be much better , in his opinion , to leave the discretion in the courts martial .