the first Order on our exports and imports , we are desired to look at the vast encrease which has followed the second , for which credit is taken as though it were so much actual encrease . In one respect , at least , the last Order was more absurd than its predecessor , inasmuch as it could have no pretence whatever for being considered as a retaliatory measure , intended to injure Buonaparté . We are told , however , that the consequence was a great addition to our exports ; let us examine , therefore , the nature of this assertion . In the year 1810 , a sum of between nine and ten millions , of the property of British merchants , was confiscated and transferred to the French treasury . Here was the secret of Buonaparté 's relaxations . A sum exceeding by 2 or 3 millions the whole amount of the Droits of Admiralty , accumulated in a period of eighteen years by the plunder taken from Spaniards , from French , from Danes , from our Dutch allies , from Toulon ( in trust for the royal family of France ) & c. was , as it were , in a moment added to the funds of our enemy , not taken from his subjects or his allies , or even from neutrals , but from the subjects of that state with which he was openly at war ! In the following year his system of relaxation was carried still further , for we then find him burning and prohibiting with new fervour . In 1807 you press him hard ; in 1809 you begin to soften ; and in 1810 the sum total is , that he adopts a measure infinitely more destructive than ever , both to his own commerce and to yours . Had he varied one iota in his policy , or deviated for a single instant from his great and presiding principles , this part of the ease would be altered . It does appear to 1100 me most extraordinary that , seeing all these things , any man of sense , who has been in the habit of representing Buonaparté as the despiser of all rules and all ordinary maxims , can expect to move him by commercial distresses . It does appear most extraordinary that they who are in the constant practice of characterizing him as abandoned to the most profligate principles , as the blood-thirsty destroyer of his kind , the foul murderer of his companions in arms—charges which I hope , not for his sake , but for the honour of our nature , are unfounded—that these men could have ever made up their minds to propose to parliament a measure that , by depriving the French soldiers of bark , was to alarm and prey upon Buonaparté 's tender feelings . If these considerations had any weight when urged against the original adoption of this policy , they must be still more forcible after the fact , and after every desponding view that was then taken , has been more than realized . I can explain the adherence of the right hon . gentlemen to their former opinions , only by attributing it to that reluctance which men feel to abandon a theory in which they have been once fully entangled . And now , Sir , I shall enter a little more minutely into a few of the facts which prove the destructive influence of the Orders in Council on the trade and prosperity of the country . One proof , and certainly one would think a very strong one , may be seen in the enormous increase of bankruptcies , and another may be seen in the distressed state of our commercial and manufacturing towns . We know that the poor of Liverpool , in the space of four weeks , increased to more than four times their former amount ; and that in that once opulent and flourishing town , they are now relieving from sixteen to seventeen thousand poor in a week , over and above the ordinary paupers