to conduct themselves intemperately , was that to be used as an argument for denying the constitutional claims of five millions ? He would proceed to take a view of the internal situation of the country . Our army , it appeared from the returns amounted , including local militia , to 807,000 men . Now what population had we to support such an immense military establishment , and to carry on the agriculture of the country ? Our male population was calculated at 6 millions , and taking that of Ireland at 2 millions , a total was formed of 8 millions ; so that our army of every description constituted one in ten of our whole male population . He would be told that this was a war of an unusual character , and that it had become necessary for us in a great measure to make ourselves a military nation . He regretted that it was so ; and he was sorry to observe that while we were decking our warriors with laurels , we had also too frequent occasion to plant their graves with cypress . He begged to press it on the consideration of the House that this was a war which could be supported only by economy and by husbanding our resources . An armament so much above the adequacy of our population , he contended this country could not continue to afford . Again as to the expences of the war , the estimates for the present year , so far as they could be calculated , might amount to 31 millions , or about 7 millions sterling more than last year . This was an expenditure which he hardly need say the country could not bear for any length of time . What then was the state of our revenue ? Our funded and unfunded debt amounted to 650 and odd millions . It had increased 114 millions in the course of the present war . With whatever spirit therefore the war might be carried on , unless we husbanded our resources in time we should not have the means of prosecuting it to a conclusion , but might be compelled eventually to stop short at the very moment when victory was in our grasp . It might be said that the war was unavoidable . What however was the situation in which we stood , and what were our means of carrying it on ? The surplus of the consolidated fund was 2,800,000l . less this than the last year ; and our taxes were less productive this year by 2 millions . Instead of this deficiency becoming less 998 in future , there was every reason to believe that it would go on increasing year after year . It had been in a manner admitted that it was not possible to find any new taxes to impose by which this deficiency might at all be compensated . If therefore we could not find an income to meet our expenditure , nothing remained for us but to bring our expenditure to meet our income . The customs too had suffered a decrease of 890,000l . during the present year , and an increase in this defalcation must be expected in each succeeding year as long as the present system continued . The necessity therefore of at least enquiring into our situation could not but be apparent . He knew it would be said that nobody was with him , that the country was against him , and did not wish that the cause of Spain should be abandoned . Neither would he wish it if he saw any likelihood of rendering the Spanish cause effectual service . Might we not try what could be done by peace ? In the speeches from the throne we heard not a word of peace ; but ought not the House to enquire if something might not be effected by a pacific spirit ? It was true he had heard the right hon . gentleman opposite declare that he had no personal objection to treat with Buonaparté . He hoped not , but then why