, which , he contended , was more intended to secure the money deposited for safe custody , than to operate in any other case . , in pursuance of the notice he had given , wished to obtain the attention of the House to a few observations he had to make previous to submitting to their consideration the motion he intended to bring forward relative to Parochial Registers . He was sorry to find that many misconceptions had gone abroad respecting the measure , which he had no doubt would be done away when the nature of the Bill he now meant to introduce should be generally known . It must , he thought , be universally allowed , that parish registers were of great importance to all ranks and classes of people from the nobleman to the peasant ; and it was highly desirable they should be regularly entered , and safely deposited . At present , instead of being kept in the house of the clergyman of each parish , they were kept in a very slovenly manner in the dwelling of the parish clerk , and he bad found , as Treasurer of the Navy , numberless instances of the widows of seamen , who , from this culpable negligence , were not able to prove their marriages . He was surprised to find that his intention to bring in this Bill had given considerable alarm to the clergy in many parts of the kingdom , and that in the neighbourhood of Epsom a meeting of clergymen had been called on the subject ; but he was sure when they became acquainted with what was meant to be done they would immediately be free from such alarms . It was his intention in the present Bill to enact that all registers throughout the kingdom should be uniform , and that the parishes should supply themselves with the form from the king 's printer : that the registers of births , baptisms , marriages , deaths , & c. should be entered into a book to be kept for the purpose by the clergyman of every parish ; that such register should be made up once every year , and a duplicate thereof transmitted to the bishop of the diocese . Dissenters to have the power , at the end of every quarter , or of every year , to deliver their registers on oath to the clergyman of the established church of the parish in which such dissenters resided . At present all registers were kept in dwelling-houses , in a very insecure way . It would be highly culpable to suffer them to remain so ; and he therefore moved for leave to bring in a Bill for the better regulating and preserving parish and other registers of births , 948 baptisms , marriages , and burials in England . thought the object of the Bill commendable , and that it deserved support , if it did not trench on the feelings of individuals . There existed a mass of confusion in these registers , which it would be most beneficial to the general interests of the community to have remedied : but he hoped the Bill would be freed from all the objectionable parts , which abounded so much in that brought in by the right hon . gentleman , on the same subject , last session ; such , as if a clergyman failed in accuracy in keeping such registers , he should be liable to felony ; in other cases , to be suspended from his functions , and liable to imprisonment for a certain number of days . These things , he believed , had caused great alarm ; and if not done away in the present Bill , such alarm would be increased . did not object to the introduction of the Bill , as he understood it was a measure of quite a different nature from that of last session , to which he had many and great objections . Some of these his lordship proceeded to enumerate , and then turned to the consideration of the Bill now