had been issued to that effect , his memory must surely have failed . The government of this country had repeatedly called for that proclamation , America had called for it , but it had never appeared.—There was , indeed , the famous letter of the French minister for foreign affairs , in which he said that the French decrees should be repealed on condition either that our Orders in Council were re- 1159 scinded , or that America would no longer suffer her ships to be denationalized ; that was , no longer to suffer her ships to be searched . But even if the decrees were repealed with regard to America , they would be in force with regard to Great Britain . It was therefore not a partial but a total repeal of these decrees that Great Britain had a right to demand before she gave up her Orders in Council . The French decrees were not , as gentlemen had stated , internal municipal measures , they were adopted in time of war as measures of hostility , and even if a neutral chose to submit to them , it by no means followed that a belligerent was also bound to acquiesce . But it was not only to France that these decrees extended , but to all her vassal states , to every country over which she could extend her power . He wished to know whether there was any quarrel between Hamburgh and France when Hamburgh and the other Hanse towns were seized by the French . Holland , Tuscany , and Rome were seized upon no other ground than because it was convenient to Buonaparté to seize them , and the Berlin and Milan decrees immediately applied to them . Could it be concluded , that upon any principle of the Jaw of nations , we were bound to suffer France to give laws to all these neutral nations without our making an effort to induce them to assert their neutral rights ? He would not trespass any longer upon the time of the House ; it had been incontestibly shewn that the distresses of our manufacturers did not arise from the Orders in Council , and therefore he should oppose going into a committee , from which no possible beneficial consequences could result . maintained that there never was a speech more calculated to mislead the House than that of the Chancellor of the Exchequer . The right hon . gentleman had told them that the questions they were called on to decide were , whether the Orders in Council were to be maintained ? Whether the licensing system was to be continued ? Whether this country had acted justly or unjustly towards America ? And whether the Milan and Berlin Decrees were or were not repealed ? And he had finished a grand climax by slating , that the French government was no longer possessed of revenues to carry on the war.—But he would tell the House , and the right hon . gentleman , that they were not called on to decide any 1160 of those questions . The great point for consideration was , whether they would , when the people of England were suffering , as they stated themselves to be—when their manufacturers were unemployed—when petitions were forming in every part of the country—and , particularly , when petitions , which ought to be presented to the Regent , were withheld for some reason to him incomprehensible ; whether they would , in such a state of things , refuse a Select Committee to inquire into the state of the trade and commerce of the country ? The right hon . gentleman and his colleagues had made a fine statement of figures . This put him in mind of the correspondence which had taken place between a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) and general Moore , as to the force commanded by the latter . The General observed , `` I had only such a number of men : '' `` O , '' said the noble lord , `` you had a great many more ; —here