prejudices ; and the result of this mutual victory would be the establishment of public tranquillity . The conduct of parliament towards the Catholics was injurious to the best interests of the nation . It taught them to consider that the principal argument against their cause , however invincible , was not to be defined ; but , if the people were to be familiarized to repeated defeats , they would destroy that spirit by which the liberties of a people were to be protected . The refusal of the Catholics to take the oath wished to be imposed upon them , was the strongest argument in their favour : for a Deist , an Atheist , nay even Lucifer himself might take that oath which the Catholics would not take . He did not consider the Catholic oath intended as an evidence of the Catholic conviction , but as an evidence of their political dissaffection ; and whenever this disaffection ceased , the principle on which the oath was justifiable , ceased also . It had been said , that concession to the Catholics of part of their claims formerly produced no good , and that they were dissatisfied at that government under which they were granted . This had been so well refuted by a right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Canning , ) that it was unnecessary for him to enlarge upon it . He would only add , that the minister who then presided in Ireland was unpopular , and a declared enemy to the Catholic religion ; and it was well known that a hostile ministry always made a discontented people under whatever constitution . But , did the concessions produce no good effect ? What ! the soldiers and sailors , who after the repeal shed their blood with pleasure at your command , no good effect ? Although the ministry who granted the concessions derived no advantage , the ease and facility with which the army and navy afterwards were filled , was an advantage to the country of the highest nature . A right hon . and learned gentleman ( sir John Nicholl ) thought it would be advisable to wait till the Irish were better informed , and less disorderly and barbarous . But this was a reflection on the English government . However hard the laws under which they suffered , still an affectionate peasantry filled the armies of their country . But the question was , not whether the peasantry were to be entrusted with power , but whether the nobility and gentry were to be entrusted with it , With respect to the danger of the church—the church establishment was 667 not made for the ministry , nor the king , but for the people . It had been thought proper to give the religious establishment of England to the people of Ireland ; in which perhaps they were right ; but they were wrong if they imposed upon the people of Ireland the English church , and then made that a reason for disqualifying them from the enjoyment of their rights . Was it to be said that the establishment of the English church was not compatible with the liberties of the people ? He had never seen any alteration proposed in church or state , without going into a committee ; and he lamented to see the manner in which the ministry were raising up imaginary difficulties , for they seemed to embrace the difficulty merely because they were in opposition to the principle . Any thing might be food for opposition to an unwilling ministry . He remembered when the Irish reform was proposed , no plan could be found practicable ; but when the Union came , it was all done in less than a week . Upwards of twenty five law-suits existed at present in Ireland . They had gone to law with the whole people of Ireland ; and they had gone to law with individuals ; and no less than five actions had been brought against the lord chief justice ; there were suits on all sides , and able lawyers