for the trade with France ? We had gained , in consequence , all that we should have lost , but for those Orders in Council , and we had gained all that France would have gained but for them . The effect of those Orders was to impoverish their manufactures , to restrain their commerce , to depress their resources , to diminish their revenue . ( Hear , hear , from the marquis of Lansdowne ! ) Yes , to diminish their revenue , and notwithstanding some accidental augmentations of their revenue , the ultimate effect had been considerably to diminish it . The truth of this statement might be ascertained by inspecting accounts that were accessible . The noble marquis spoke as if France had been no sufferer : but it was certain that she had Suffered , and largely suffered . On this subject he would quote from an authority not likely to exaggerate the evils of French finance . From the statements in the Moniteur , it appeared that the customs , which previously to the Orders of 1809 were seventy millions of livres , fell in that year to sixteen . In 1810 , they amounted to 26 , from the peculiar circumstances of the seizures and captures in the Baltic , which , when brought into France , paid 1054 heavy duties , and thus incidentally swelled the customs of the year . The cotton manufactures in France were in the lowest state : we had cut off the chief transit of the material ; and they could not now get any except from Turkey , a coarse and rude material . Let the Orders of 1809 be repealed , and they might have cotton from America in any quantity they pleased . Let the Orders in Council of 1809 be repealed , the ports of France would be at once opened to the whole trade of America , those ports from which every article of British produce was excluded . France was dependant upon America for raw materials , which she was now forced to receive circuitously by this country or by Turkey , but which she could receive direct if this Order in Council was repealed , while we should lose part of that trade we were now carrying on . If the Order in Council of 1807 was to be repealed , and it must be repealed to conciliate America , France would then be permitted to carry on a trade with every part of the world . With regard to those Orders in Council , however , the noble lord said , that every one must acknowledge they had failed . And how did he prove it ? He took a paper , lying on their table , and from that he proved , that in the last three quarters there had been a deficiency , inferred that there would of course be the same deficiency in the next quarter , and then told us that all these deficiencies were to be attributed to the Orders in Council . One thing was certain , the Orders in Council were not a matter of yesterday ; they had been for several years at work ; and in the last three years , the average excess of the trade above that of any preceding year was eight millions ; a sum , according to the treatise of a noble lord ( Lauderdale ) greater than all the trade of Flanders and Germany in time of peace . It should be remembered also , that when in 1810 the state of the country was considered in that House , the noble marquis affirmed , that our whole prosperity was to be attributed to the Order in Council of 1807 , which he considered as a virtual repeal of that of 1805 , and now he had told us that all our distresses , all our commercial embarrassments , were to be ascribed to the same Orders in Council . But the trade to the Baltic was said to be prosperous , because the Orders were not applied to that trade . It