should be taken from all sides of the House ; and it could not be disputed that the gentlemen on the opposite side were fully represented , He 108 surely could not be fairly considered as arrogating any exclusive privilege to himself , when he asked that the whole Committee should remain untouched , with the exception of two persons . He would go farther , and say , that , when it was a defalcation in the revenue which was to be considered , perhaps it would be better to pursue the mode acted upon by the Finance Committee of England , of which ministers were not allowed to be members . did not mean to accuse the right hon . baronet of attempting to make the exclusive nomination of the Committee . If he had used the word exclusive , it was merely in reference to the two new members . said , he would , under all the circumstances , consent that the Committee should consist of the same members as last year , with the exception of the hon . member for Cork , in the room of Mr. M. Fitzgerald . This could not , he thought , be opposed , as it was merely an exchange of members from the same side of the House . had no objection to this . He could not , however , help observing , that the right hon . baronet 's desire to introduce members from different parts of the kingdom , appeared to have escaped his memory very suddenly . , in pursuance of notice , made his motion respecting Charitable Donations He observed that it was a subject of great importance—that money bestowed for charitable purposes was in some degree public money , and required public vigilance . He then stated , that , thirty years ago , the amount of contributions was , in personal property , as much as 50,000l . per annum , and , in real property , 250,000l . which must now , by accumulation , amount to nearly half a million . It was of great consequence that such a sum should be properly accounted for and administered . He therefore proposed , that all real property and all personal property be '' longing to charitable institutions should be registered ; that the names of the trustees should be inserted in a registry , to be lodged in the office of the clerk of the peace ; and that a duplicate of this should be kept in the court of Chancery . He had before recommended in cases of misconduct an action by the common informer against the trustees ; but as this had been 109 objected to , he would abandon it , and propose in its room , that it should be in the power of two or more persons interested , to petition the lord chancellor , or the master of the Rolls , or the barons of the Exchequer , to hear and determine on any abuses thus presented to their notice , and at their discretion to make orders respecting them , with or without costs . He thought that no well-intentioned person could object to a plan of proceeding in which all due allowance would be made for error and inadvertency , and which would tend to secure foundations so extensively useful to the country . He insisted that some measure of this sort was highly necessary , as from the mal-administration of trustees , arising either from negligence or dishonesty , many of these foundations , had been abused , many were in danger of entire decay , and many were totally lost to the country . The hon . and learned gent . concluded with moving , `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill , for the Registry of Charitable Donations , and providing a more summary remedy for the Correction of Abuses therein . `` —Leave was accordingly given to bring in the Bill . observed , that the hon . gent . had done him the honour to communicate to him the motion which he had