. ] The ships that sailed under those licences were the property of foreigners , and , like the later ones on which the noble marquis had enlarged so much , manned by Dutchmen , equally with any others within the grasp of France . The immortality of the licence trade was another topic which had been much insisted on ; and great indignation had been expressed at some of the terms which were to be found in all licences , especially that part of them which secured to a vessel the privilege of going to such and such ports , notwithstanding all documents accompanying her , which might testify a contrary destination . These expressions , it had been stated , were the source of all those frauds , of all that system of deliberate delusion which was now so extensively practised in our mercantile concerns . We allowed British merchants to avail themselves of false clearances , and the right of pretending to go to a port whither it was not their intention to go . These charges might be briefly answered . When the Berlin and Milan decrees were issued , an alarm seized the merchants , applications on the subject were made to the Board of Trade , and it was determined by the board , taking into consideration the stale of the commerce of the country and the apprehensions then entertained that the decrees would be rigidly followed up , to allow foreign produce to be protected , provided it was finally to find its way into an English port . For this protection it was formerly necessary that the property should be neutral or British ; but by an Order in Council issued on the subject , foreign property was allowed the privilege . The board also looked to the embarrassment of our export trade , in consequence of the French decrees ; and here , too , determined , that whatever was British property might be secure , no matter what kind of papers the vessel carried . But by whom was this done ? By whom was this alarming inlet to immorality opened ? By the late administration . If the noble lords opposite wished to know the authors of this guilty system , —if the noble baron ( Grenville ) , who had been at the head of the Treasury , —if the noble earl ( Grey ) , who had been Secretary for Foreign Affairs , —if the noble marquis , the mover of the present question , who had been Chancellor of the Exchequer , desired particularly to know the inventor of the system , he believed he could have the honour of giving them the intelligence . And when was 1053 it adopted ? When the continental system was not yet enforced in the North , nor in Spain : the ministry of the day , in their alarm , had originated the individual measure which they now thought so degrading and dangerous to the morals of the nation . Was it extraordinary , that under increased difficulties , the present ministry should have recourse to the same means ? The system upon which they acted was to reduce France to this extremity , either that she should injure herself by a rigid adherence to her decrees , or benefit us by any relaxation in the course she had marked out for her commercial policy . The evils of the Non-Intercourse Act had been charged with equal justice on the Orders in Council of November , 1807 , or rather of 1809 : but what was the language of those Orders ? France by her decrees had resolved to abolish all trade with England . England said in return , that France should then have no trade but with England . The object in those Orders was distinctly to force France to feel the injury of her own policy by the ruin of her manufactures and trade , compelling her by this means to relax her ordinances , and putting ourselves in a position to benefit by the relaxation . What inconsistency was there then in granting licences