held , as he understood , by lord Mansfield , and more recently by the chief justice of the court of Common Pleas , that the character of citizen did not merge in that of soldier . He was afraid , however , if foreigners were to be admitted into our native regiments , that little protection would be found in this relation of citizenship . There had recently been some trials for the crime of desertion from our service and entering into that of the enemy . Great as he esteemed this crime to be , and highly as it was deserving of punishment , he thought it had rather an awkward appearance that we should endeavour ourselves to seduce foreigners to be guilty of a similar offence . There was one other thing to which he begged leave also to advert , and that was the appointment of a foreigner , an alien , to be one of the commissioners for managing his Majesty 's private properly . No foreigner could hold property in this country , and the noble lord thought it strange that be should be able to do for another what he could not do for himself . He objected both to the creating of this German regiment , and of this German fund , of which parliament was to know nothing . He concluded by moving for a return of all persons serving in the array not being natural born subjects of this kingdom , or whose parents were such , with the exception of those serving in foreign corps . passed a strong eulogy upon the merits and services of colonel Quintin . observed , that there were regiments marked for the admission of foreigners . But why introduce them into native corps ? No doubt the character of colonel Quintin was highly respectable , but the motion had no reference to individual character , and its principle was , in his opinion , extremely salutary . It had been a distinction peculiar to the English army , that desertion was almost unknown in it ; and it was therefore most important and desirable that this character should be carefully maintained , and not endangered by lessening those feelings and that national spirit , which the appointment of foreigners to commands was calculated to effect . stated , that he was perfectly ready to meet the noble lord who brought forward the motion , as to the law upon the subject . All that had been done 1244 with respect to the enlistment and employment of foreigners , was fully justified by the 46th of his present Majesty . If the noble lord would be at the trouble of reading the statute , he would find that the third section authorised every part of the conduct adopted by his Majesty 's government . It was there enacted , that it should be lawful to admit into the service such foreigners as should be desirous to enlist into the British army , and to grant commissions and letters of service to foreign officers and engineers . Was it then fair , if such persons should distinguish themselves , to deny them promotion ? The cause of baron Linsingen 's name appearing so high in the Army List was , that his rank entitled him to a much higher command than he enjoyed , having only the super-intendance of a depôt . The 44th , by which the German Legion was raised , might be quoted to sanction the practice now complained of . The noble lord had laid the citizen was never entirely lost in he soldier , and was the foreign soldier to be called upon as a British citizen ? To his he should answer , that a foreigner being merely a civil inhabitant , was as much bound by the laws as a native Englishman . The provision of the Act of Settlement on this head was done away by the late statutes ; but supposing this lot to be the case , was there no difference in the circumstances of that period and the present , and the views of