be adopted to preclude it from that House : even the mere suspicion of it was sufficient to attach some stain , not consonant to the dignity of a person who was supposed to legislate for his country . He did not intend to assert that bankruptcy of itself was a disqualification , but he thought it deprived the person of that qualification required by the laws of the country for a member of parliament . Certain qualifications were required , and it was mere mockery to say that such qualifications might be lost without bringing any inconvenience on the loser as a member of that House . None but persons of honour and character should sit there . By the 9th of Anne , chap . 5 , no person could sit and vote as a member of parliament unless he possessed 300l . a year . There were two other acts relating to this subject , the 4th and 45th of his present Majesty , but neither of them had any direct reference to a case of this kind . The law upon the subject appeared to him doubtful , and it was important , that it should be explained ; the dignity of the House required it . It would be a scandal that any person should sit there to whom an imputation of fraudulent dealing could attach . Some persons might come in there to avoid the difficulties arising from debt , and , from such characters , a faithful discharge of public duty could not be well expected . On these grounds , he moved `` That a Committee be appointed to inquire if any and what persons being Members of this House , and becoming bankrupts , are capable of sitting , and voting therein . '' said , that the House could not but feel indebted to the hon . gentleman for the manner in which he had brought forward his motion , for he had stated all the objections that could be urged against it . It was clear from his own statement that no law existed making bankruptcy a disqualification . The intention of the act requiring certain qualifications for a member of that House , did not require that such qualifications should be permanent . Though a man might lose his property at one time , it was not to be concluded that he could not again recover it . A person might become a bankrupt during the present , session of parliament , and before the next become possessed of much more than would be necessary to qualify him for a seat in that House . It would be a severe measure , to exclude such from the possibility of ever sitting there again . The qualification required 480 by the act did not take in all the members of that House ; it did not extend to persons from the northern parts of the united kingdom , or to representatives of universities . A person might , through losses in trade , become a bankrupt one day , and in a short time after , either by success in trade or the goodness of a friend , or the death of a parent , become fully qualified , as to property , for sitting in parliament . Persons might be insolvent and not bankrupts , and after meeting their creditors might have a surplus more than sufficient for qualification . The motion of the hon . gentleman hardly went further than appointing a committee to read an act of parliament . From the acts he had read , it was clear that bankrupts were not disqualified . It would have been more intelligible if the hon . gentleman had moved for a committee to inquire into the state of the law upon this subject . A Bill might be introduced for changing the law as it now stood , but he could not see that any object could be gained by the appointment of such a committee as the motion referred to . expressed his surprise , that under the present circumstances of the country , such a