out . In the succeeding year , the embargo was removed ; and it was then that the greatest commercial embarrassment was experienced . For this distress , of which so much use had been made , two causes might be assigned , totally distinct from the operation of the Orders in Council.—I . The disappointment experienced in the Baltic trade , during the year 1810 , when immense shipments were improvidently made , in consequence of great success during the year preceding . In 1809 it happened that the trade with the northern powers was very profitable ; but few had adopted the continental system , and by those few it was too negligently enforced to offer much impediment to trade . Our merchants in 1810 embarked largely in the traffic . Unfortunately , the convoy was stopped in Wingo Sound by contrary winds until the middle of June ; the French in the mean time seized on Stralsund , and enforced the continental system in the chief Baltic ports . The trade , amounting by that time to above six hundred vessels , though fully warned of the change of affairs , ventured into the Baltic , and was for the greater part seized and condemned in the ports where it had gone for a market . The value of this convoy could not have been much less than eight or nine millions , which would have escaped but for the circumstance of the wind . The second cause of the embarrassment , was the immense speculations sent to South America , the markets of which had been so much overstocked , that the shippers in England were disap- 1057 pointed of their remittances , and thereby many most opulent merchants were ruined . Although , however , this last cause had created a severe blow , he was happy to say that its effects were but temporary : the trade in South America was fast reviving—remittances long withheld were now pouring in—and the effect was the revival of many of our manufactures . In consequence of the judicious issue of Exchequer Bills in the spring of 1811 for the support of commercial credit , manufacturers in the country were enabled to keep goods on hand , which they must otherwise have sold at a great loss , and to retain workmen which they could otherwise have had no means of paying . Although it had been predicted that those very bills would be fatal to the country ; the benefits arising from this politic measure were now fully experienced and acknowledged ; and the manufacturers were now disposing of their stock to considerable advantage . Such being the favourable prospect which had opened upon us after the gloomy clouds of disappointment had been dispelled , he could not concede to the proposition submitted to the House . The noble earl concluded his speech by regretting the time which he had been obliged to occupy , and deprecating any thing like putting his own powers in competition with the abilities of the noble marquis whom he had thought it his duty to answer . said , that he did not mean to follow the noble earl into the long details which he had so clearly and perspicuously explained to their lordships , and for which he had no occasion whatever to make any apology to the House . If he were even disposed to enter into those details , he should be prevented by the want of that accurate official knowledge upon such subjects , which the noble earl , from the situation which he held , must in a very eminent degree possess . Whilst , however , he declined expatiating upon the numerous points embraced in the speech of the noble earl , he felt it would be doing an acceptable thing to their lordships to bring back their attention to the actual motion under consideration , for the appointment of a committee , namely , to inquire into the state of the trade of the country , with reference to the Orders in Council , and to the system of Licences which bad grown out