contemplated that their grant would have been so far deficient ; and if it was true , that for the last 9 years it was absolutely necessary that the expenditure should exceed by 124,000l . the sum allowed , parliament ought not to be left to guess at this necessity ; but it should have been distinctly stated to them . By the letter of the act regulating the Civil List , it was necessary to come to parliament whenever the expenditure exceeded the income . The framers of that act had not conceived any other way of supplying a deficiency . They had never taken into their contemplation secret funds which could be applied to that purpose , such as the droits of admiralty , the proceeds of the duchy of Lancaster , and other things of that description . If the House Were now to pass this bill as presented , they would be recognizing the necessity of an excess in the expenditure above the income of the Civil List , to the amount of 124,000l . annually , without having any proper information out of what fund this deficiency was to be supplied . He had no information which would justify him in voting , that it was necessary that the expenditure of the Civil List should exceed the income settled by parliament in so large a sum as 124,000l . annually , and , therefore , until he had such information he could not see how it would be possible for him to sanction that propositioh by his vote . Independent of this consideration , there was something in the title of the present bill to which be felt the most serious objections . In the title of the bill , a necessity was stated for making provision for the better support 351 and arrangement of his Majesty 's household . Now , it appeared to him that there was no such necessity ; for when the whole government of the country was about to be confided to the Prince , it would be a supposition highly injurious to the feelings and character of a most affectionate son , to imagine that he would not be sufficiently attentive to whatever belonged to the care and comfort of his royal father , without the provisions of an act of parliament . The bill appeared to him unnecessary for what was its professed object , and to be really intended for no other purpose but to create separate sources of influence , which , in any change of circumstances , might operate very prejudicially to the interests of the country . The bill went to establish two separate courts . If those two courts drew together , it was evident that the influence of the crown would be very much increased ; but if they were not to draw together , the public business might be much impeded . At present the House could know nothing of the intentions of the Regent but through those ministers who made him . Those ministers had made him say , that it was necessary for parliament to make this provision for his royal father ; but to those who know the feelings of his royal highness , that provision would appear most unnecessary . When he looked at the bill now presented to the House , he could not avoid asking where was the necessity of all this machinery ? why were the claims to be imposed so unnecessarily numerous ? Let the claims on the honour of the Prince , let his debts , for that was the plain meaning of the word , be discharged . They had been long due , and an annual sum had been set apart for their liquidation , which , it was supposed , would have been effected before the year 1811 . That , however , did not appear to be the case , and they were then called on to grant to his royal highness the sum of 100,000l . and an annuity of 70,000l . for an unlimited period , to discharge debts , which , whatever was their amount