government would ever suffer itself to be influenced by the speeches of popular assemblies , to adopt measures of extreme severity against those who composed those assemblies . Happy , then , would it have been for Ireland , if it had been under the care of a wise and temperate government : of a government that would have condescended to follow an example that is to be found in ancient history ; the example of the emperor Theodosius , who wrote thus to the prefect Rufinas : `` Though a man should happen to speak amiss of our person or government , we do not intend to punish him : 'si id ex levitate processerit , contemnendum est ; si ex insania , miseratione dignissimum ; si ab injuria , remittendum . ' '' But this committee of 1810 , whatever were its merits or defects , was dissolved when the object of its institution was attained . Surely it would have been good policy in government to have , suf- 626 fered it to have sunk into oblivion , and to have judged the future proceedings of the Catholics by those proceedings , and not by proceedings of this committee . But government have not thought so , for it clearly appears , from the speech of the right hon . gentleman , that all the latter measures of government have been guided by a revengeful recollection of the speeches of the committee of 1810 . Acting upon this feeling of revenge , they have rushed headlong into a new contest with the Catholics ; and by their temerity and violence , have kept the whole country in a state of unexampled agitation . But the Catholics , says the right hon . gentleman , are the aggressors ; they are wholly to blame ; we have acted upon a sound policy , and strictly according to law . I will endeavour , Sir , to expose how wholly void of foundation these assertions are , by stating truly to the House , what it is the Catholics have done . It seems that an Aggregate Meeting was held in Dublin on the 9th of July , and that at this meeting it was resolved to petition parliament in this session , and to convene a committee of delegates to prepare and conduct the petition . The first question that presents itself for examination is , had or had not the Catholics good reason for determining to petition ? The answer has already been given by a right hon . gentleman who spoke so ably last night , ( Mr. Canning ) : they had the best of reasons ; the removal , for the first time since the Union , of the great bar to their claims , and the , commencement of a new reign , from which they had good grounds to expect the most liberal policy . The next question is , had or had not the Catholics good reason for convening a committee of delegates to manage their petition ? I know , Sir , that there are many who think the right hon . gentleman had said that he thinks , that if the Aggregate Meeting of the 9th of July had framed and signed , a petition , it would have been a good and valid petition of the Catholics of Ireland . Mr. Saurin had gone so far as to say , all that was necessary , was , to select some person , who could read and write , to make him copy some former petition , to sign it , and send it to parliament . Now , Sir , I feel quite sure , that if the Catholics had proceeded in this manner , we should never have heard the end of the arguments of the right hon . gent , opposite , that such a petition was proof the sentiments of 627 the Catholic body ; we should have had it asserted , as it has been so frequently asserted before , that so far from its speaking the sentiments of the Catholics , many of