the corps of Marines ; and there were not twenty captains in the whole army with nearly the same length of service , as the marine captains . The statement of the first lord of the Admiralty , which the House bad just heard , would be received with surprise , not to say with indignation ; and the right hon . gentleman would shortly find that there were things connected with the corps of Royal Marines which were at this moment well worthy of his most serious and anxious attention . He had called the attention of the House to a grave case . He knew he was correct in saying that there were feelings in the corps of Marines which now required to be attended to . In submitting this question to the House , he had only discharged an imperious public duty . in rising to make his motion for a committee to inquire into the state of punishment by transportation to New South Wales , said , that as it was not likely it would meet with any opposition , he should not trouble the House with many words on the subject . All he felt anxious for was , that the House should receive the necessary information , not only as to the effect , but as to the nature of the punishment of transportation to New South Wales . It was extremely important that the House should be informed on both of those points . We who were every day adding to our penal code , must feel it of extreme importance that both the nature and effect of such a punishment as this should be known , not only to those who made the laws , bet to those who administered the punishment annexed to the violation of them . Many of our magistrates were quite uninformed , not only as to the nature and extent of this punishment , but also as to the effects produced by the infliction of it . There were many offences of a very slight nature , when compared with others , to which this punishment was annexed and inflicted . It behoved the 'House , therefore , to be better acquainted on this subject than they at present were . 762 —The object of his motion was not to impute suspicion or censure to any class of persons . But when he considered that the House was in possession of so little information respecting the colony of New South Wales , and that the information which existed , and was to be found in the works of Mr. Collins and Mr. Mason , could not be said to come before the House in an authentic form , he felt strongly that no serious objection could be urged against bis motion . The practice of transporting to Botany Bay had now prevailed since 1792 : it was in every respect different from the former system of transportation to the American colonies ; and , as a new experiment , deserved the fullest enquiry . He moved , therefore , `` That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the manner in which sentences of transportation have been executed , and into the effects which have been produced by that mode of punishment . '' , in rising to make the motion of which he had given notice , for an Address to the Prince Regent , praying that the correspondence which had pass-ed between the government of this country and that of the United States should be laid before parliament , said , he might be perhaps allowed to indulge in a sentiment of regret , that on a subject so important as a question concerning the situation of this country with respect to America , so few members should be present . He would , nevertheless , bring it forward , as , whatever might be the feelings of others on the subject , their conduct should have no effect upon him , convinced as he was , that , in submitting that motion to the House , with which it was his intention to conclude