forward , that could not be so satisfactorily explained . On the 20th of September 1803 , a grant of 2,250l . had been made to sir George Young , of one-third of the Dutch ship Frederick , taken at the Cape . The sum of 2,792l . had likewise been paid to the earl of Dunmore , on an account nearly similar ; and on the 17th August , admiral Keppel received part of the proceeds of Spanish vessels captured at Martinique . To the first of these items particular attention was due , because at the time the prize at the Cape was made , sir George Young was serving in parliament as member for Honiton , filled a lucrative and honourable post , and upon failing in a subsequent election ; was appointed governor at the Cape of Good Hope—so that the most vivid imagination might be defied to state an adequate reason for this grant . The earl of Dunmore could have as little to do with the capture for which he was remunerated : and indeed the general complexion of many of the items was so suspicious , as imperiously to demand further investigation as to their real character . The hon . and learned gentleman now came to the third class , in which sums were given , and no account whatever annexed to them . Among these , be noticed a grant of 887l . in the year 1807 , to captain Spencer , pursuant to his Majesty 's warrant ; 10,000l . and 1,900l to William 955 Bourne , and others , as commissioners of Spanish and Portuguese property . He could not see why so much should be expended on this head , and thought it imperiously called for an explanation . He also noticed the payment of 219l . to a Turk , for losses at Constantinople , which he censured , as contrary to the principle on which the Danish sufferers , merchants of Hull , Glasgow , & c. were refused compensation for losses , to the amount of 250,000l . sustained at Copenhagen . There were funds enough to reimburse them , as 575,000l . was still in the hands of the Registrar ; but he complained that they were rejected , while the claims of the Ottoman , under similar circumstances , had been attended to . The fourth and last class related to those grants wholly unconnected with the sources whence the fund was derived . The largest of these were the grants to the younger branches of the royal family . Previously to the augmentation in 1806 , of the allowances to the junior branches of the royal family , it appeared that in the course of one month no less a sum than 75,000l . had been granted to them out of the Droits , and subsequently , that no less a sum than 70,500l . had also been granted to them out of the same Droits . But it was a most extraordinary circumstance , that while the Bill for increasing their allowances was in progress through parliament , the sum of 6,000l . was granted out of the Droits of the Admiralty to the duke of Kent . A noble friend of his was minister at that period , and it was but justice due to him that this grant should be satisfactorily explained , which no doubt it could be . When the Bill alluded to was passed , the duke of York was not comprehended in its provisions , on the statement , that from his office as commander in chief , and from other emoluments , he derived an income of 26,000l . Yet , in 1808 , when his Royal Highness Mill retained those offices , it appeared that he received out of the droits no less a sum than 20,000l . On the whole it appeared , that to the different branches of the royal family 184,000l . had been granted out of the Droits of the Admiralty ; and he could not make this statement without lamenting that those illustrious individuals had not found it