, place , and manner , in which it was to be performed ; and although your petitioner was then a minor , and wholly incapable , from her own and her father 's poverty , to pay the said costs . `` That your petitioner has further learnt , that there has been an increase of the costs subsequent to the period when they were taxed , and that the plaintiff 's proctor now requires payment of the sum of 30l . as the total amount of the costs ; which sum your petitioner is wholly incapable-of paying , and which she has not the slightest hope or prospect of ever being able to make good . 102 `` That , on the 22d day of November , 1809 , your petitioner was attached , on the writ de excommunicato capiendo , directed to the sheriffs of , the city of Bristol , and taken to the gaol of Newgate , in the same city , where she has been ever since imprisoned under , and by virtue of the said writ . `` That during the whole of her confinement , your petitioner has been without any means of providing for her own support , and that she would have been long since starved , but for the assistance of her father , and the bounty of benevolent persons . `` That your petitioner has been informed , that on divers occasions the legislature has looked upon persons in her situation in the light of debtors , but that her poverty will effectually preclude her from availing herself of the relief provided by the Lords ' act ; and that when she attempted to avail herself of the benefits of the late insolvent act , she was informed that it did not apply to her case . `` That , therefore , your petitioner begs leave humbly to represent to your honourable House , that she has been for now more than two years confined unjustly , for not performing her aforesaid penance , and not paying costs , which she was le '' gaily , as a minor , and practically , as a pauper , incapable of paying . That she has no means of providing herself with sustenance , and no hope of deliverance , unless through the interposition of your honourable House . `` And your petitioner therefore humbly prays , that you would graciously take her case into your serious consideration , and give her such relief as to you in your wisdom shall seem meet : presented a Petition from a number of persons imprisoned for debt in the Isle of Man , ( of which place they were not natives ) , praying the intervention of the legislature in their behalf . The hon . and learned gent . stated , that the Petitioners were the same persons whose grievances had been laid before the House in the course of the last session . When the Bill for the relief of insolvent Debtors 103 in England and Wales , was in its progress through that House , a clause extending its provisions to strangers in the Isle of Man , had been inserted . The other House had , however , rejected it , on the ground that they were not sufficiently informed of the state of the law in that part of the empire , to authorise them to legislate for it . This , he conceived , was a very hard ease , and contrary to the first principles of justice . Persons , who were natives of the island , and were imprisoned for debt , had a right to demand their liberty , on giving up all their effects ; but strangers , who contracted debts there , did not partake of this privilege ; they must either liquidate them , or lie in prison . The object of the petitioners was , either to have the local law of the island extended to them , or to be protected by the provisions of the acts passed for the relief of the debtors of the United Kingdom