ungracious assertion , that no less a sum than 148,000l . has been voted by parliament within the last 16 years , for its support . I now beg leave to say a few words respecting the Gaol Act , in which I may , in some degree , be considered personally interested.—Mr . Pole then read an extract from the same work to the following effect . `` As for the county gaols of Ireland , a certain limited compensation , under special restrictions , has been recently ( by a statute enacted in 1810 ) provided for such Catholic clergymen as the respective grand juries may be pleased to nominate for the purpose of officiating as chaplains . But here too , from the ignorance of the framers , their neglecting or disdaining to consult the Catholic clergy , and the supercilious management of the entire transaction , this statute has fallen far short of its professed object . In some instances , it has proved even pernicious , by exciting discord between the grand jury and the Catholic bishop of the district . These mischiefs might have been avoided , by timely caution and ordinary prudence in preparing this law . '' Now , Sir , this act was framed partly upon the report of the commissioners appointed to enquire into the state of the gaols in Ireland , and partly upon the best information that could be procured . It was submitted to the chief justice and judges of the King's-bench , under whose auspices and inspection it was drawn . It was then brought into parliament , printed , circulated throughout Ireland , and remained four months on the table of this House before it was passed . Every suggestion that was given from any quarter was attended to ; and I appeal to the recollection of the House when I state , 599 that the Bill ultimately passed with the unanimous approbation of the House , and the satisfaction of every Irish member . Catholic chaplains were appointed to the institutions under government in Dublin , at the recommendation of Dr . Troy , the titular archbishop of Dublin , and up to the Moment I am speaking , I am not aware that a single objection to the act , or a single suggestion for any alteration in it , has been made to the government by any Catholic whatever.—It is notorious , and I will appeal for the truth of my assertion to the Irish gentlemen in the House , that this act has been considered by all the lower orders of the Catholics as most beneficial in its effects . Sir , whether the Roman Catholics derive any benefit from this act will be best shewn by a letter , which I received in the course of the autumn after the act passed , from the Roman Catholic bishop of Kildare and Leighlin ; the grand jury of the Queen 's county , of which I happened to be foreman , offered the Catholic chaplaincy of the gaol of Maryborough to the priest of the parish , who refused it on the ground that the salary , 30l . a year , was inadequate to the labour . I then wrote to the bishop , requesting him to recommend a proper person , and I received the following answer : `` Tullow , 31 st August , 1810 . `` Right hon . Sir ; I had the honour this day or your very gracious communication respecting the offer made to Mr. O'Neil , of the chaplainship to the gaol of Maryborough , and his having declined to accept the appointment on the score alleged by him of the reputed smallness of the salary ; I should expect that a conscientious clergyman would be chiefly swayed in matters appertaining to the pastoral charge , as in the present instance , by motives of a superior nature to those of pecuniary considerations , and even in the latter point of view , do , for my part , esteem 30l . a year a handsome provision , in addition to his other