services performed , by settling a pension of 2,000l . a year , and the House did accordingly pass a vote for that purpose . One ground stated for making the grant in the present instance was , that it was authorized by an allusion in the Speech of the Lords Commissioners . Where it was to be found he did not know : certainly it was . not in that part of it where the Prince Regent desires the House to `` bear in mind the indispensible duty of continuing to preserve for his Majesty the facility of resuming the personal exercise of his royal authority . '' What reason had been assigned why his Royal Highness should not send a Message to the House , desiring that such a sum should be granted ? None : nor could he imagine any cause for hesitation , in taking that most necessary step . Having , however , in a manner promised not to vote against the proposition , he would not divide the Committee upon the question . said he was ready to absolve the right hon . gentleman from any pledge he might suppose himself to have given , however glad he might have been that the vote should have received a support which carried with it so much weight . If the promise had been inadvertently given , and without deliberate consideration , he should not think that he acted with reciprocal liberality , if he rigidly insisted on its performance . In his view of the subject , the Speech delivered at the commencement of the session contained every thing that was necessary to meet the question ; and with respect to what had fallen from his hon . and learned friend over the way ( Mr. Adam ) , although it might not be received with the same degree of authority it formerly possessed , surely there could be no reason why his arguments now should not receive that attention which they generally deserved . If there was any thing in what he stated , it was this that it would be becoming in his Royal Highness to send down a Message to the House for a grant of money , not to be applied to reward the public services of another , but to be disposed of for the private purposes of the Prince Regent . What did the Speech of the Lords Commissioners say upon this subject ? His Royal Highness is `` satisfied that you will 234 adopt such measures as ; the present melancholy exigency may appear to require . '' Was net the assumption of the royal authority one of those measures ; and if it was , would not the House enable the Prince to execute the duties of Regent ? This general opening of the question , he was confident , would be deemed sufficient , without a specific Message from the throne for a sum to discharge debts , which , from general observation , we must know had been incurred . If , then , the House had it in its power , would it not be anxious to spare the Prince the pain of making such a demand on its generosity ? The right hon . gentleman who spoke last , had more than hinted at the propriety of estimates of the expences incurred being laid upon the table ; but he was sure that there would be found scarcely a member of the House to second such a proposition . The objections that had been urged , were rather of form than substance , and he trusted that the House would think that it consulted what was due to its own feelings , as well as to the feelings and dignity of the Prince , if the Resolutions were now passed , rather than insist upon the strict form of proceeding which had been recommended . , in consequence of a domestic calamity ( the death of the hon . William Cavendish ) postponed the motion , of which , on behalf of a noble friend of his ( lord George Cavendish ) ,