Charter would come on in the present session , he could not speak positively but he thought it probable , and he hoped that it would . An hon . gentleman had objected to what he called a negociation between government and the Company on the subject ; but for his part , he could not see how the subject could , according to the practice of the House , be brought forward without such negociation . If ministers previously exercised their judgment and discretion in the measure they brought forward , the House would have afterwards to exercise their judgment and discretion when the subject was submitted to them . He could could not see that there was any thing in this course of proceeding which deserved to be called a farce , or to be treated as mockery and delusion . As to the arrangement of 1792 , by which the Company were to pay 500,000l . per annum to the nation , that arrangement went entirely on the supposition of the continuance of peace . was putting the question , when rose , and said that he had intended to move , as an amendment to the motion , `` that it should be referred to a Committee of the whole House . '' He had concluded his speech , however , without making a motion , and he wished to know whether he was now in time . informed him , that it would be quite irregular now to move this amendment , after he had already spoken , and the discussion which had taken place . , after presenting two petitions from imprisoned debtors , observed , that notwithstanding parliament had so recently passed an insolvent act , he understood that the prisons were again almost as full as before . With the view , therefore , of obtaining information upon this subject , he moved for Accounts of the number of persons confined for debt on the 1st of May 1811 , the day on which the last act took effect : the number discharged under that act , and the number in confinement on the 5th of February 1812. expressed his satisfaction that this subject had been again taken up by the noble and learned lord , viewing the motions now made as an anticipation of the noble lord 's intention to renew the bill which he brought forward last session . The pledge he had given upon the subject , was a heavy burden upon his shoulders ; and he should most sincerely rejoice to see it again taken up by the noble and learned lord , who , from his professional knowledge , was so much better qualified to do it justice . Something he was convinced must be done , and that very speedily , to ameliorate the condition of a numerous class of persons who were daily suffering oppression through the neglect and inattention of the legislature.— The Accounts were ordered . rose to give notice of his intention , in the course of a short time , to bring forward a motion relative to the Orders in Council . Without entering into any detail , he thought it necessary to state that there were two views in which the subject might be considered . The one was , the effect produced by the Orders in Council upon our negociations with the United States of America : and the other , the effect produced by them upon the commerce and prosperity of the country . Without giving up for himself , or any other noble lord , the right of interfering with respect to our negociations with America , if it should be thought necessary he would merely mention that his motion would be confined to the latter view of the subject , namely , the effect of the Orders in Council upon the commerce , the manufactures , and the resources of the country . He wished to name rather a distant day , and would therefore move that the House be summoned for Monday fortnight . wished to know which of the orders in Council the motion