exemplified the old proverb , that the weakest must go to the wall . It behaved the House , then , to guard against such misconceptions , and to recollect , that of 658 legislators , there were but 100 for Ireland . He knew and respected and valued , a large portion of those 553 members , who represented the other portions of the United Kingdom , but it was natural that they should have prejudices in favour of the interests of that part which they belonged to ; and that impression was infinitely stronger out of doors . It was singular that the distilleries should have been a subject of animadversion ever since the Union , at which time it was alleged , that the benefits resulting from the produce of the Irish distilleries finding their way here , constituted one branch of the advantages which were to be derived to Ireland from that measure . It appeared , on examination , 288 that the schedule and the enactment were at variance ; and in 1806 the difficulty was felt , when the Scotch distillers carried their spirits to the Irish market . This was contrary to the act , but it agreed with the schedule ; and a committee was appointed to examine into the matter , and apply a remedy , while , in the interim , a suspension of intercourse was enacted for six weeks . A dissolution , however , took place , the committee broke up , and the matter was neglected . The first act of the ensuing session was to continue the suspension for one year ; from that time there had been further continuances , and it was now proposed that the exportation of spirits from Ireland should be prohibited , not for the purpose of inquiry , but to continue so long as the prohibition of distillation from grain continued here . He felt himself bound to make these observations , from a firm conviction that he was doing his duty , and he warned the House of the consequences which must ensue , if this matter remained unexplained , and if the practice continued to go on without the adoption of any remedy . He would sit down with observing , that among the few advantages which Ireland was promised from the Union , was this of her distilleries , and it certainly was not just that her hopes should be frustrated by legislative interposition ; and when he said that this advantage was in the contemplation of the act of Union , he had the authority of a noble lord , who stated , over and over , that Mr. Pitt said that the advantages which would accrue to Ireland from the introduction of the produce of her distilleries into England , would compensate for any other disadvantage . observed , that before he offered any remarks on what had fallen from the right hon . baronet , he should wish to hear any other observations that might be made , in order to embrace the whole at one view . said , that he rose for the purpose of submitting to the House a few observations on the subject of this measure in as far as it affected Scotland ; as it appeared to him calculated to be essentially injurious to the agricultural interests of that country . The lamentable deficiency of the crop , which had unfortunately pervaded the greater part of the kingdom , was not the only evil of which the farmer had to complain—a considerable proportion of the barley and oats which had not 289 been entirely destroyed , was so much damaged , by the incessant rains which ensued about the time of the harvest , as to be almost , if not altogether , unfit for any other purpose than that of distillation ; so that if this measure of substituting sugar for grain in the distilleries , should , meet with the sanction of the House , the greater part of the crop would remain altogether unsaleable on the hands of the grower , or would necessarily be disposed