by any extract of a private letter which an hon . baronet had thought proper to produce . To say that the information of that private letter was false , was an awkward expression ; but what guarantee had he for its accuracy ? He thought lord Minto eminently entitled to the distinguished honour of the thanks of that House . said , he could not give a silent vote on this occasion , when he heard a right hon . gent . near him compare the conduct of his noble friend , lord Minto , in accompanying the expedition to Java , to the exercise of civil control which the deputies of the French Convention exercised over the generals in the early period of the Revolution . He thought his noble friend most eminently merited the vote of thanks proposed , as it was evident that his ably-conceived and well-digested plan had wrested from France her last and best possession in India . With respect to what had been said of his noble friend 's conduct in Corsica , he would only say , that it would bear the strictest investigation . He should be sorry to revive the controversy on this subject , and particularly as his noble friend was ever ready to bear his warmest testimony to the military merits and high character of the gallant person alluded to . then moved , `` That the thanks of this House be given to lieut . general the hon . John Abercromby , for his able and gallant conduct and meritorious exertions in effecting , with rapidity , the entire conquest of the important island of Mauritius : —To lieut . gen. sir Samuel Auchmuty , for the decision , skill , and energy manifested by him , in the command of the forces of his Majesty and of the East India company in the late operations in the island of Java , by which the honour of the British nation has been gloriously sustained , and additional lustre has been reflected on the reputation of the British arms : —To vice-admiral Albemarle Bertie , and to rear-admiral the hon . Robert Stopford , for their cordial co-operation , and the essential service rendered by them in the late operations in the Eastern seas : —To major-generals Henry Warde and Frederick Augustus Wetherall , and to the several officers of the army , both European and native , for their gallant conduct and meritorious exertions in the late successful military operations in the Eastern seas : —To commodores William Robert Broughton and Josias Rowley , and to the several captains and officers of his Majesty 's naval forces employed in the late operations in the Eastern seas , for their skilful , gallant , and meritorious exertions in the reduction of the enemy 's settlements in that quarter of the globe : —That this House doth highly approve and acknowledge the zeal , discipline , and bravery , uniformly displayed by the non-commissioned officers and private soldiers , both European and native , employed against the enemy in the several operations in the Eastern seas ; and that the same be signified to them by the commanders of the several corps , who are desired to thank them for their gallant behaviour : —That this House doth highly approve and acknowledge the services of the seamen and royal marines serving on board his Majesty 's ships employed in the late operations in the Eastern sead ; and that the same be signified to them by the captains of the several ships , who are desired to thank them for their gallant behaviour . '' rose for the purpose of proposing certain Resolutions recommending the Prohibition of all Distillation from Grain in Great Britain , for a time to be limited . He regretted that the comparative failure of the crop for the last year had rendered it necessary to resort to the same expedient . The principles upon which the question rested , had already met with such ample discussion in that House , that he should not think it necessary to enter at all into its abstract