in 1807 , and he found that they did not quite amount to one million sterling . Much had been said by the right hon . gentleman about the effect which the repeal of the Orders in Council would have on the manufactures and commerce of France . He was , however , thoroughly convinced in his own mind , of the soundness and accuracy of his hon . and learned friend 's assertion , that there was a decided hostility in the present ruler of France , to all commerce , and to the progress of all manufactures . He would be able to receive cotton from America , said the right hon . gentleman , if those Orders in Council were repealed . But why did he not now receive cotton ? There was nothing in the present state of those Orders , as modified by the Order of April 1809 , which prevented America from going to Liege , to Flanders , & c. with her produce . If it were a question of manufacturing competition , however , the manufacturing interests of England had more to fear , for there was more real danger to them in the manufactures of Massachussets , than in all the manufactures of the French empire.—They were not speculative but real ; they were rising daily into eminence , and if the present system was not put a stop to , they would soon attain to a height which no change of measures could reduce . It would surprise many persons to learn to what extent manufac- 1128 tures had increased in New England . They had the advantage of possessing the raw materials , and they had begun , already , to export the first article of manufacture , cotton twist . This he knew with certainty ; he knew that a cargo of it had been sent to the Baltic . There was every reason to apprehend too , that with the facilities which America possessed , with a population which , with the exception of great towns , was as thick as in this country , she would soon be able to supply the southern part of that continent with her manufactures , if the present system was persevered in , especially considering the easiness of communication , the total absence of commercial restraints , and the want of a Board of Trade to direct her commercial operations . He was particularly anxious to impress upon the attention of the House , an opinion which he strongly maintained , that as competitors , the subjects of America were more dangerous to the manufactures of England , than those of France : and if the right hon . gentleman was sincerely anxious for the prosperity of our manufactures , and wished to secure them from successful competition , it was to that quarter he should direct his most serious thoughts . In adverting to what had been stated by the right hon . gentleman as a proof that our Orders in Council had materially affected the interests of France , he thought that the customs of that country formed but a very insignificant part of its revenue . But , before even the diminution of those customs was received as a criterion , it would be well if the right hon . gentleman could make any thing like a calculation of what might be the value of the confiscations . If these were enumerated , and they ought to be so , the difference he apprehended would be great compared with that which now appeared ; and he could not dismiss this consideration of the operation of the Orders in Council , without confessing that they had completely failed in every point of view . The only remedy was a repeal of them ; and the existence of a real neutral would do away those tricks and frauds so justly complained of , and also the necessity of a pretended neutral who , in fact , was a real enemy . The right hon . gentleman , in the course of his speech , had gone into a consideration