to the case stated in the Petition , and looking to the parties connected with the suit , he had spoken in such general terms of female reputation : there was not the least reason to think that any * See Parliamentary History , vol . 1 , p 1067 . 312 injury would occur to either of the parties in consequence of the coarse and vulgar language they had made use of . The right hon . gentleman had asked , if a woman , at one period of her life , had been guilty of an indiscretion , was she always to be reminded of it ? Certainly not But this did not apply to the case stated in the Petition ; for the complaining party was mistress of a house of ill-fame , at the very time the offensive words were spoken ; and it was shocking to think that a woman , for applying that name , which the other party seemed to deserve , should pass two years of her existence in a prison . The fine language which the right hon . gentleman had used , did not answer what his noble friend had adduced , but merely glossed the matter over.—It really appeared to him , that the subject called for serious enquiry ; and , perhaps , out of the sufferings of those unhappy persons , a great reformation might originate , which would prove a lasting benefit to the country ; and certainly it must be a great source of consolation to the public , when persons of the high situation and extensive knowledge of the right hon . gentleman earnestly desired that such a reformation should take place . If an humble individual like himself were to set about a reform of this kind , he would be branded as an innovator . It was not so with the right hon . gentleman ; he would have the support of administration in this great work : if he willed a reformation , it was done . The right hon . gentleman had said , that the Ecclesiastical Courts had not the power of imprisonment by a summary process . He was aware of that ; but they had that privilege through the intervention of a court of justice ; and they had , at the same time , and by the same process , an opportunity of increasing the expence , and of depriving an individual of every civil right : they had , in fact , the worst possible means of imprisonment . The country was high-ly indebted to the noble lord for agitating this question , from which he hoped and believed much good would result . The misfortunes of this poor wretched woman might perhaps give rise to an inquiry , for which posterity would ever feel grateful to the noble lord . If they examined the state of those courts , he doubted not the evils complained of would be found to arise from the situation of the law itself , and then they would have the assistance of the right hon . gentleman 's 313 talents and experience in effecting the reformation . He knew not how it could be said that the inquiry would have the effect of bringing courts of justice into contempt . With as much truth he bad heard it said , that a conspiracy existed to bring all the ancient establishments of the country into disrespect . The way to inculcate respect for establishments was , to make them respectable ; and , if suspicions were entertained about them ( as was evidently the case here ) , the proper mode was to remove them , if ill-founded , by correcting the institution ; and , if ill-founded , by examining and stating it to the public . But the worst step that could be pursued was , to shut their eyes and ears against complaints which were substantially brought forward . Under all the circumstances of the case , the motion had his warmest concurrence . defended the conduct of the ecclesiastical court , in the case which gave