impolitic or more mischievous on the part of any government , than to goad on a people to illegal acts and deeds of desperation . As to the Catholic Committee , although he could not presume to discuss the question as a question of law , yet he would observe as an unlearned man , that à priori he could not conceive that the Convention act could have been framed to prevent delegates from being appointed in a lawful cause . If the wishes of the Catholic population were to be collected , how was it to be done but by delegation ? The primary matter for consideration was , if they could meet by law ? He thought they could . But he would go further ; and maintain that , if no inconvenience resulted from their asembling , the law ought not to be allowed to touch them even if by possibility it could be strained so as to reach their proceedings . Subsequently to the passing of this Convention act , in the year 1793 , he had seen and dined with a Catholic delegation in England . They were acknowledged and received as such by Mr. Dundas , who was the Secretary of State for the Home Department . When the Secretary however professed his readiness to lay before his Majesty any communication which they might wish to make , they replied , `` No ; we will either see the king of Ireland ourselves , or go back to our own country . '' They were as good , as their word ; they did see the king of Ireland ; and the consequence was a recommendation from the crown to parliament to grant the Catholics the concessions which they then obtained . In this country there were committees and delegations , who acted for bodies of individuals in matters both of commerce and of religion . Of this latter description was the committee of dissenters , whose meetings were last year occasioned by the ill-advised bill of a certain noble viscount , ( lord Sid-mouth . ) There committees acted by delegation ; and why should the Catholics of Ireland be debarred from availing themselves of the means of expressing their sentiments which were enjoyed by their fellow-subjects in Great Britain ? When the Irish Catholics were in possession of 652 these facts ; when they knew that other societies of men had been allowed without objection to appoint delegates to carry their purposes into effect , was it not natural for them to ask why they might not be permitted to exercise the same privileges ? He saw nothing in the Resolutions of the Delegates which militated against them , `` But then , '' it had been said , `` intemperate speeches were delivered there . '' Suppose they had , was that a sufficient reason for such rash proceedings as had ensued en the part of the Irish government ? If the Catholic Committee had met unfairly—if it had assembled for purposes not such as were ostensibly held out , it might then with propriety have been dissolved : the Chief Secretary had the power so to dissolve it . But when the persons who were officially detached on the affair reached the place of meeting , the business was over ; lord Fingall bad left the chair ; and those persons were under the necessity of asking that nobleman who he was , and what had been the object of the assembly ? Proudly , indeed , might he have replied to the first of these enquiries , `` I am the earl of Fingall . '' The man who could answer to that name might justly feel a sense of conscious dignity . To the latter question lord Fingall replied , that it had been a meeting for the purpose of petitioning parliament . Was it to be supposed that lord Fingall could deviate from the truth—he , whom even the noble viscount opposite ( lord Castlereagh ) had described as having been firm , temperate , loyal and patriotic in the worst of times ? The right hon