were conscious they were acting wrong , and then go on to state that the only reason for its not being abolished in the time of general Fox , was that he held it by a tenure , of which it was thought he could not with justice be divested . It was because ministers were aware that such was the impression on general Fox 's mind , and foresaw that one similar might have been made on that of colonel M'Mahon , if notice were not given that such an objection would stand no longer . The hon . gent . opposite bad omitted to read part of the Resolution produced , which went to suggest the regulation of sinecures . It was necessary that it should be stated that that resolution had not been forgotten , and that colonel M'Mahon had only received the grant subject to such regulation as parliament might hereafter think proper to make . observed , he had not , said that the situations of clerk of the council , and master in chancery , were-sinecures but he had complained that two new placemen , the one holding a situation of 1,000l . per ann . the other of 3,000l Were thus brought into parliament . , in explanation , said he had read the whole of the resolution , but 121 contended that the office of Paymaster of Widows ' Pensions , was one which it was not proposed to regulate , but to abolish . remarked , that if the House were disposed to deal with that office at all , it was still open for them to do so , without injustice . rose to address the House under evident feelings of agitation . He said he did not expect that he should have had to defend himself on an occasion like the present . He had , indeed , been appointed one of the Masters in Chancery , and he hoped his vigilant and conscientious discharge of the duties of that office would prove , at least , the sincerity of his wish to justify the preference that had been shewn . He could not , however , but consider it as somewhat unkind , that a motion like the present should have been made , and no previous notice of it given , that those who were to be attacked might be , at least , allowed time to prepare their justification . For himself , he was not present when the hon . gent . made the motion ; and he had been able to collect its import only from the various explanations that had been entered into . He could not , however , sufficiently express his disapprobation of that system which was now becoming so prevalent , of inferring the impossibility that a member of parliament , holding a place under government , should be able to discharge his parliamentary duties conscientiously and with integrity . This was a morality not very much to be admired , and it was a gratuitous supposition very little honourable to the human character . For himself , without any offensive egotism or arrogance , he believed that he was as capable of feeling and acting independently at the present moment , as he was before he accepted the appointment alluded to . He would be bold to say , indeed , that no situation , no prospective , no actual reward , could influence him in his conduct as a member of parliament—nor did he mean to assume to himself a degree of virtue which he was unwilling to suppose in others . He had no doubt that when the hon . mover himself was Secretary to the Board of Controul , he discharged his parliamentary functions as uprightly and as honestly as he now did . He wished to think so , at least , and he was willing to hope it was so . But why did the hon . gent . inveigh with so much bitterness against those who held situations under government ? Why did he consider it as a thing so beyond the probabilities