which I was determined they never should enjoy the fruits . '' No person , I admit , ought to be so amply provided with conditions as the noble lord ( Castle-reagh ) ; but see the sort of conditions with which he would clog his proffered grant . The noble lord will do nothing for the Irish Catholics , until the Pope is free , and completely his own master ; but the Pope is allowed to be in a state of captivity , and doubtless it is the intention of France to keep him so . Now , if the Catholics are to have no relief until the Pope is free from the power of France , the noble lord need not be afraid of being called on for the performance of his promise , and the realization of the hopes of the Catholics , —Nor is this all . It seems that we are a more 659 potent body on this side of the House than we were aware of . A single notice given by a friend near me ( Mr. C. Hutchinson 's notice for a repeal of the Union ) is , it seems , sufficient to deter a right hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Canning ) from his intended course ; and to induce him to refuse to the Catholics those rights to which he considers them entitled . He is anxious to grant the boon , but the notice unfortunately ties him up , arrests the course of justice , and prevents the grant . My hon . friend has , therefore , only to defer his motion from session to session , which he no doubt may do , and then the right hon . gentleman will find the time of his promised grant as far removed as that of the noble lord , who adjourns his grant until the Pope is free from the power of France—and the justice and liberality of both will commence together . But it is said we have nothing to fear from refusal , as , in that event , the Catholics will still remain peaceable and content . That they will acquiesce in the decision of parliament , although unfavourable to their claims , I admit ; but that they will be content , I deny . I do not think any decision , however unfavourable , will drive them to desperation ; but I wish the House to consult human nature , and learn from thence the consequence of hopes long deferred and never realised , of repeated disappointments and exhausted patience . I know the language which it is the custom of certain gentlemen , confident in their own strength , to use in this House . I know they are accustomed to say , `` You must obey , or we will compel you . '' But see the danger of acting up to this doctrine . Not many sessions ago the far-famed Orders in Council were introduced , and we , on this side of the House , pronounced that they would commence in commercial disaster , and lead to absolute hostility . For holding this language we were scoffed at , as degrading and undervaluing the country ; and yet , what is the case now ? We are come to this point , that we must repeal those Orders in Council , or meet despised America , that America which they held so lightly , in arms . But some say it is unnecessary to grant the Catholics any thing , as we have all the benefit that can be derived from them already . How ungenerous because you have their services , you reward them by disappointing their hopes . I am happy , however , that the prejudices which would thus under- 660 value Ireland are wearing away ; for , without any partiality to my country , I must in truth say , that the safety of England depends upon the warm and cordial attachment of Ireland , and that France is only to be combated with success by the united force of both