the engagements of this country , but must be aware , that nothing is of more importance , or more affecting 1295 ( save the immediate defence of this country itself ) to the vital interests of the British empire , than the defence of Portugal ; I mean , more important for continental objects , provided it were practicable to act upon it . The question always must come , as to the practicability , or chance of the practicability of the object which we contend for . We now , my lords , have ample experience on this subject , and that experience leads to this conclusion—that the defence of Portugal , under lord Wellington , acting upon the principles of that great and distinguished officer , and supporting him in his great and various exertions , is an object practicable to the arms of this country . The next question refers to the subsidies , or support given that way for the maintenance of her forces , and the improvement of her military system , and the extent to which that object has been obtained , in creating the military assistance afforded by Portugal independent of the British armies—And , upon this second object , I likewise say there can be no difference of sentiment . About two years ago , opinions were entertained in parliament , and even by officers who had served in that country , that it was impracticable to produce a Portuguese force capable of co-operating with a British power in the way we see it has done . To their own honour , some of the officers , to whom I allude , have been magnanimous enough to allow their mistake in that respect . But what , my lords , I ask , has been the result ? Most fortunate for this country , most fortunate for Portugal , and most fortunate for all continental Europe , if her nations can be induced to awake from their stupor.—We have seen a Portuguese force established under the general direction of British officers ; but I must accompany this by remarking , that much may be attributed in this respect to the exertions of Portuguese officers . We have seen a Portuguese force thus constituted , arise capable of meeting in action the most distinguished battalions of the French army , under its most able and veteran commanders , and under the most critical and trying circumstances . I speak upon the authority of the most able and intelligent officers . When these troops formerly signalised themselves in the defence of positions , the country was told that they might be very useful in such situations , but that if tried in the field they would deceive the expectations that had been formed of them . They have been 1296 tried in the field—and they have distinguished themselves . We have seen them at Barrosa intrepidly attacking a formidable force of the enemy , most advantageously posted , and defeating the flanks of that enemy . Upon that occasion , and upon every other , the Portuguese military proved itself equal to combating the proudest troops of France . I refer , my lords , to these leading considerations generally , feeling it would be a waste of your time to enter upon any particular details . These results , however , are established , that the defence of the kingdom of Portugal is practicable , and that the Portuguese government has aided most essentially in that defence . Under these circumstances , I can not believe there exists a doubt in the mind of any man , that we are doing too much for an ancient ally—an ally always remarkable for the fidelity of her adherence to her engagements with Great Britain , and who , by her conduct under the particular circumstances of the case , presents an additional claim to our assistance and consideration . Your lordships are aware , that soon after the necessary retirement of the prince of that country , it was occupied by the French armies , and it may easily be conceived in what a