freeman , but of a manumitted slave ? Would he thus undo the work of beneficence which has so honourably distinguished the present reign ? For during the present reign it is , and during the latter half of it , that the Catholic has been raised from so abject a situation to his present comparatively improved , but imperfect enjoyment of civil privileges . Or does my right hon . and learned friend only think that these wise and salutary regulations , though abolished , ought not to be forgotten ? that though we have partially , perhaps improvidently , removed the weight of the chain from the limbs of the Catholic , we ought to leave a link or two behind , to remind him that he was once in fetters ? But without defending , in all their disgusting detail , those numerous penalties and disabilities under which the Catholics formerly laboured , my right hon . and learned friend contents himself with asking , whether what was once so essentially necessary to the security of the state , and so conducive to its tranquillity , can now be safely cancelled as useless ? For my own part , I answer that I can not see , even in the circumstances of the past times , a sufficient apology for the past system . I can not conceive any state of society in which such restrictions could be absolutely justified . I could not , in any state of things which my imagination can suggest , in a civilized country , among citizens of the same soil , approve of such means of producing tranquillity . I could not give my voice for the policy of propping up the state by dissociating half its subjects from the charities of human life ; from the ties of kindred , —from the confidence of familiarity and friendship , —from all that endears society to man , and connects him through his family with his country . I think such a system must at all times have been as mischievous in politics as detestable in morality , however effectually it may have tranquillized the population which it proscribed . Bat excuses , though not justifications , 522 might perhaps exist in a former state of things , which do not exist now . The system itself might be defended by arguments , which do not apply to the fragments of that system , broken down and scattered as it has been in these latter limes by the silent progress of events , and by the growing liberality of the legislature . The onus lies , says my right hon . and learned friend , on those who call for innovation , to show that there is ground for innovating , and that we can innovate with safety . The onus lies , it may be answered , on those who recommend the preserving , with such perverse partiality , the disjointed frame of a machine , according to their own confession no longer efficient for the purposes of coercion and consequent tranquillity . Would they preserve what they admit and regret to be mutilated , and inoperative , as matter of example , or of warning , to future ages ? or as matter of pride and credit to the legislative contrivance of our ancestors ? Are they anxious that posterity may be enabled to conjecture , from its remains , how formidable the force of the whole complicated instrument must have been when it existed in all its terrible perfection , and was worked with an unsparing hand ? My right hon . and learned friend and I differ in nothing so much as in this , that he views and has argued this question as if it were solely a religious question , whereas I feel it my duty to argue it in this House upon political grounds alone . My right hon . and learned friend has indeed declared ( and seemed to take credit for the candour of the declaration ) that he would not go into the doctrine of transubstantiation , or the adoration of