immediate remedy must be applied to the existing evil . The crime was of the most heinous nature and most dangerous tendency , and must be repressed . As to the assertion that this was the last resort of a weak and wretched government , it ought to be recollected that similar laws in similar cases had been passed under the most 1079 powerful and humane governments ; and he referred as evidence of this to the several Jaws passed since the 12th of Geo . I , relative to the woollen and silk manufactures . They need not be ashamed to be as weak and bloody as Sir Robert Walpole , lord Hardwicke , and the marquis of Rockingham . It ought not to be said that they were harsh or violent in following the system that had all along been pursued and found effectual . Without entering on general principles , he referred to the authority of Mr. Justice Blackstone ; and contended that nothing could be found in the book of that eminent judge , adverse to a capital punishment in a case of this nature . The punishment of death had often been enacted against offences where it would be really inflicted only in particular and highly aggravated cases . Our law was mildly administered . The complaint generally was , that the guilty escaped , not that too much severity had been used . In the execution of the present law , the same principle of mildness would , no doubt , be attended to : but there might be cases in which the offence would deserve death ; and the capital punishment was necessary in order to strike terror into the offenders . said , that the proposition to enact a law subjecting a fellow creature to the punishment of death , was one from which humanity shrunk , and on which reason ought to pause . Nothing but necessity clearly proved could justify its adoption : but where was the proof here ? What papers—what documents had been laid before them ? None ; they had merely the assertion of the ministers that there was a necessity for this measure , and that assertion only ; unless the accounts in the newspapers of disturbances were to be considered as proper grounds for that House to proceed upon . Allowing these to be true , —how did they know that the magistrates of Nottingham the meant no disrespect to them ) had done their duty ? How did they know that the proper means of detection had been used ? This Bill was , besides , perfectly inefficient for its own object , and , indeed , in some measure subversive of it . How could they expect that those who were averse to subject these men to the punishment of transportation , would be willing to subject them to the penalty of death ? There was a great deal of feeling and humanity in the generality of the people of this country on these occasions . '' If the law , '' said they , '' sub- 1080 jects a man only to such a punishment as his offence deserves , we will inform ; but if his life is to be affected , you will get no information from us . '' On every ground the noble earl said he thought the measure highly objectionable . supported the Bill , and vindicated the conduct of government in acting with every practicable vigilance and exertion to restore tranquillity and order , ere they recurred to parliament for the present measure . His lordship followed the line of argument adopted by his noble friend who spoke last but one , as to the general principle upon which the measure proceeded ; and he was convinced the law under the Bill would be administered with a discriminating lenity , and fully acted upon only when the necessity of the case required it . The measure , therefore , had his cordial assent . thought the evil of a deeper nature than noble lords were inclined to admit . The great cause was the bad policy