object of his motion , the question was not to decide on the subjects he had introduced in his speech , but simply this , —whether it was necessary or not to advise his Royal Highness to choose other counsellors ? This was obviously the question ; and , indeed , it was frankly and honourably confessed to be so , by an hon . gentleman ( Mr. Whitbread ) : so that the hon . baronet was unconsciously the leader of the great phalanx on his side of the House . It was impossible to suppose , and even the ingenious speech of the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Tierney ) could not amuse the House into an opinion , that it was seriously intended to discuss the negociations in 1806 , or the two first Spanish campaigns , or other expeditions , which had already been often submitted to their consideration . There was a part of the hon . baronet 's speech , however , connected with these points , which he did not wish altogether to pass over . The hon . baronet approved of the expedition to Copenhagen on such grounds , that he begged leave to decline praise given on such a foundation . The expedition , according to the hon . baronet , was justified by expediency , but but by the law of nations . He would contend that on every rational principle of the law of nations , that expedition was perfectly justifiable Thus much alone would he say on the different topics introduced by the hon . baronet , not as abandoning any of these topics when properly brought forward , nor indeed out of any disrespect to the hon . mover himself , but because the motion appeared to be , however ignorant the hon . baronet might be of it , for inquiry not into the state of the nation , but into the state of parties . The 1032 main question was , whether it was expedient to make a change in the Prince Regent 's councils . The gentlemen on the other side thought it hard that some change should not take place , if even that change were only tried as an experiment . At least they begged for a change for two short months , to be able to know whether the Catholics might not be conciliated ; whether the Catholics might not be in a temper to agree to these securities which they had refused . The right hon . gentletleman had said , that lord Grenville still was of the same opinion as to the necessity of securities . He confessed he did not entirely understand what had fallen from the right hon . gentleman , for he did not yet know whether lord Grenville was prepared to grant emancipation , in case those securities should still be refused . This however , he knew , that the House should have some candid information , before it should be called on to judge of lord Grenville 's views on this important , subject . His noble friend had been charged with a remarkable convenience of principle , for consenting to give the assistance of his talents to the administration , —great convenience of principle ! And from whom did this charge proceed ? from those persons in the party of the noble lords , who in his opinion had shewn as much convenience , as much application at least of principle to times and circumstances , as any statesmen that ever lived . If convenience of principle were a quality to be found in public men , convenience of principle in the sense of applying principle differently , at different times , to the same question , he thought that quality was not to be found in higher perfection in any other public men , than in lords Grenville and Grey . His noble friend held the same opinion now , that he ever did on the Catholic claims . He had since the Union been always the same , —not so with the noble lords . Upon the breaking up