, by penal enactments , what every individual , with an ordinary degree of circumspection was able to do for himself , by using proper caution in the choice of his agents and attornies . He believed that the original intention of the framer of the Bill had been to make the offence of embezzling securities a felony , but that he had been deterred from going to that length by the consideration , that in that case the civil claim would merge in the criminal prosecution . But he did not see how the case was much mended by making 1215 he offence a misdemeanour . The same objection as to civil redress still applied , in all cases , in equity ; for in those courts parties obtained confession of trust , by answers on oath ; and , as it was the pride of the English jurisprudence that no man could be compelled in any court to criminate himself , should the Bill pass in its present state , no party could be compelled to give an answer to a Bill for misapplication of trust . In this they would have even the protection of the courts . agreed in the principles laid down by his hon . and learned friend , but thought it possible to obviate his objections . He himself intended , should the Bill be suffered to go to a committee , to move for a clause limiting the power of prosecution to six months , or twelve months , after the commitment of the offence . This , he conceived , would put equity suits totally out of the question . maintained , that the Bill would defeat the very object which the framers of it had in view . supported the second reading , on the principle , that the magnitude of the evil having been generally acknowledged , the rejection of the Bill , in the present instance ; would amount to a confession , that the House could find no remedy to it . The Bill , in its present state , might be imperfect , but it might be improved in a committee . For instance , the inconveniencies apprehended as to Chancery suits , and which he thought greatly exaggerated , might be totally done away . In short , he did not see how the House could refuse going into a committee on a measure , intended to remedy an evil so generally felt . did not wish to divide the House , but hoped that some further delay would be granted . From consultations he had held with some friends of the learned profession , he was desirous to have as full an attendance as possible on the committee , and hoped that this Bill would not pass as a common enclosure or private Bill . observed , that the amendment of the Lords was , that the offence should be punished by fine 'or ' imprisonment . In fact , they had declared , that in some cases , at the discretion of the judges , there should be no fine ; whereas the Commons had decided , that , in every case , there should be a fine . He stated , that the constant practice of the House was the rejection of any amendment from the Lords which interfered with any branch of public revenue . took that opportunity of stating , that he was sorry the Bill had once more come before the House . It had already produced had effects , and the communications he had received from Nottingham magistrates stated , that since the introduction of it , every source of information was completely shut up . said , that the Bill had been introduced as the only measure likely to put an end to these disgraceful disturbances . At the same time he did not know what sources of information the terror of that Bill could have shut up , as the characteristic of that insurrection was , from the beginning , that no information whatever could be procured . explained , that he meant private information .