the glory , of which nothing could rob us , was entirely our own . Portugal might ultimately be overwhelmed by the power of the tyrant , who could embattle too much of Europe in order to carry his ambitious designs into effect ; but , even were this to happen , the ministers of Great Britain would enjoy the consolation of having acted a part in the contest , in conformity with the wishes of the . people of England , in a manner worthy the character of a great nation , rising gloriously in the cause of the civilised world . But he entertained no such gloomy apprehensions ; and as the spirit of a people was their strength , he relied on the spirit of Portugal to rescue itself from foreign slavery and domination.—The next point in the Speech related to Spain ; and in this , too , he was of opinion there 42 were well-grounded causes for congratulation . After all the destruction and desolation of its invaders ; after all the horrors acted by the armies of the tyrant ; they only possessed the ground on which they stood . When they ventured to come in contact with the armies of Britain , defeat and disaster were their lot ; defeat , from those very troops so described by the hon . baronet—those flogged soldiers , and those foreign mercenaries who gave him so much offence . For his part , he considered them as men expatriated from their country by tyranny and injustice ; and every dispatch from the seat of war , in which they were mentioned , shewed that they were worthy of the nation they had adopted—The next topic in the speech was the conquest of Java , on which he gladly joined in the general congratulation . It was , indeed , an object of heartfelt pleasure to every Briton to see the insatiate enemy of her greatness dispossessed of his last colonial settlement , and not a vestage of his boasted `` ships , colonies , and commerce '' remaining.—With respect to America , he also had great delight in observing from the Speech , that though an arrangement entirely and completely satisfactory had not yet taken place between the countries , yet that a happy disposition prevailed . The tone-and manner of the Speech shewed , that-conciliation was most desired by the British government , and from this spirit he indulged a hope of the happiest and most favourable termination to all existing differences . But whatever the result might be , it was evident , that , on our part , nothing had been left undone , that could lead to harmony and friendship . Peace with America , and not only with America , but with all the world , must undoubtedly be the wish of every rational mind ; and , if we were engaged in a war , it ought to be remembered that it was a war of necessity-It was a war against an inveterate tyrant , whose power arose from usurped dominion , maintained by predatory invasion and bitter despotism . However success might throw a lustre over him , for the present , history would present him in hit true colours , a monster of unbounded rapacity , without his mind being ennobled by one dignified , heroic , or virtuous sentiment . Was it too sanguine in him , then , to express a hope , that a dominion so established and supported , would not be of long continuance , and that , ultimately , the exertions of Great Britain , in the common 43 cause of nations , would be crowned with success , and the world restored to tranquillity ? It was this hope , and the consideration that our pressures were unavoidable , that should teach us , however great our difficulties were , to meet them with firmness , constancy , and fortitude ; and in order to prove our resolution in this respect , he begged most earnestly to recommend an unanimous assurance to his royal highness the Prince Regent , of the