: `` To assure his Royal Highness of our readiness to resume the consideration of the state of the finances of Ireland , and to express our satisfaction in learning that the improved receipt of the revenue of Ireland , in the last as compared with the preceding year , affords reason to believe that the depression which that revenue had experienced is to be attributed to accidental and temporary causes : `` To assure his Royal Highness , that this House is fully impressed with the sense of the arduous duties which his Royal Highness has been called upon to fulfil , in consequence of his Majesty 's continued indisposition ; and , whilst we offer our most humble acknowledgements to his Royal Highness for the confidence which he is graciously pleased to repose in us , to convey to him our warmest assurance , that in every difficulty his Royal Highness may rely on the ready assistance and support of this House ; and finally , to express our confident persuasion that the wisdom and energy of his Royal Highness will enable him , under the blessing of divine Providence , successfully to discharge the functions of his high office , and , in the name and on the behalf of our beloved sovereign , to maintain unimpaired the honour of his Majesty 's crown and the prosperity of his people . '' seconded the Amendment : in doing which , he said he would not trespass at any length upon the time of the House , nor travel from the Speech into any extraneous matter . He Was sensible of his own inability , and that no arguments in his power to urge could have any great weight on their decision ; but he trusted , that any errors of which he might be guilty , would be rather imputed to this canse , than to any want of zeal for the welfare of the country . The hon . gent , then took a view of the nature of the Prince Regent 's office , as holding the executive power in behalf of his father , in 'whom the dignity of royalty continued to rest ; and passed a high eulogy on the 41 conduct of the prince of Wales in this capacity , which would long be remembered by a generous nation , filled with gratitude for the sovereign , who for so long a period had swayed them with a paternal sceptre . With regard to the provision to be made for his Majesty in retirement from the cares of state , every one must unite with him in thinking that it ought to be accompanied with every honour , respect , and circumstance of royalty ; and however he might agree with the hon . baronet , as to the necessity of economy in the expenditure of the public purse , it never could be the desire of a noble minded people to make a parsimonious and niggardly saving out of the comforts of an aged monarch , so much and so deservedly beloved.—That monarch , as had been excellently said in the speech by his Son , ought to have the resumption of his powers open to him and secured , if ever it should please heaven to restore him to the prayers of his subjects . The hon . gent . warmly commended what had been done in this respect , as a precedent which would go down for the guidance of posterity , in the event of any like calamity ever occurring hereafter.—The next topic touched on in the Speech was that connected with Portugal , and , in this , the fact spoke for itself . The exertions of Great Britain had not only achieved the freedom of an ancient ally , but had secured her independence , and guarded her against the invasion of her enemies . This point would never bear the construction put upon it by the hon . baronet ; for we were fighting for no despots or despotism , and if we had boldly stood up the champions of the liberties of Europe ,