their ascendancy , the greatest blessings have been enjoyed by the nation ; it is their right , nay , it is their duty , not to risk the loss of that ascendancy . But ameliorate the condition of the lower orders of the Catholics as much as possible—educate them—enlighten them—enable them to read , to examine , and to decide for themselves upon the great principles and precepts of religion ; —teach them to estimate the true value of toleration , and the blessings of the British Constitution ; —let them shew their change and their improvement by living in due submission and orderly obedience to the laws ; then , and not till then , can further concessions be safely granted to them . This appears to be the view , which parliament should take of the subject . It is highly desirable to come to a frank and open decision upon it ; that being the most likely mode ( produce quiet . Suspense only fosters discontent . The Catholics can not but be assured that the legislature has felt the strongest disposition to give the most full and deliberate consideration 514 to their claims ; they have been repeatedly entertained and discussed ; every argument which ability and zeal could suggest , have been offered in support of them . Perseverance , however , is threatened.—Can the Catholics suppose that , upon a subject so vitally important to the best interests of the nation , the legislature will be teazed into acquiescence by importunity ? still less , that it will be overawed by menace ? certainly not . It is only by a reference to the reason and conviction of parliament , that they have any prospect of success to their application . Satisfy parliament that the boon can be granted with perfect safety to the constitution , in church and state , and it will be granted nearly with unanimity , almost by acclamation . But the proof lies upon the Catholics ; and that proof must be clear . The nation will not be satisfied that their constitutional liberties should be risked upon speculative opinions , and abstract refinements . The stake is too important to be ventured on a mere calculation of chances . Let the concessions proposed be stated with precision—the barriers and arrangements , which are to accompany them , be accurately set forth , and carefully examined , so as to assure us of perfect security . If that course is not pursued , where are we to stop ? where can we make our stand with safety , but at the point at which we are already arrived ? —Without a change in the condition of the Catholics , and without ample securities , should the Protestant circle round the throne be drawn still closer , we may , as that circle is diminishing , be carried on , even with accelerated velocity , towards a vortex , which would engulph in its abyss , the Protestant throne , the religious establishments , and the civil liberties of the nation . rose and said : I have the misfortune , Sir , to be one of that description of persons which my noble friend ( lord Morpeth ) , who opened the debate , has marked out for the peculiar disapprobation of the House , and of the country ; one who , without being unfriendly to the claims of the Roman Catholics of Ireland , am yet not prepared fox immediate and unlimited concession to them ; and who think the present not a favourable moment for entertaining the proposal of any concession at all.—I am , at the same time , decidedly hostile to the 515 principle , not obscurely intimated by my right hon . and learned friend who spoke last , of now shutting the door against further concession for ever ; —a principle , which must in its necessary consequences lead to the re-enactment ; at no distant day , of those penal statutes against the Catholics , which once disgraced our legislation . Being thus , Sir , one of those unfortunate