for which he should move , it would be for that Committee not only to consider the act of parliament he had alluded to , but also the variety of local acts upon the same subject . It would be for them to decide whether it was advisable to alter the system entirely , or whether it would be sufficient to enforce the present act without any innovation . It would be for them to consider what course they would recommend , and therefore it was quite unnecessary , indeed it would be unbecoming , in him to anticipate that by proposing any arrangement of his own . As far , however , as he had thought upon the subject , he had no objection to state generally , that he rather inclined to the notion of enforcing the present system by adequate provisions , than of having recourse to any new act . It was material , he thought , for him to 198 state , that when the legislature found it necessary to turn their attention to this subject , they did so in consequence of the variety of local acts applicable to each parish , and producing a confusion which it was of-the utmost consequence to remedy : for instance , the parish of Pancras was divided into seven districts , each of which had its own local acts . The interests of the parties thus created , should be discussed and reconciled as well as possible with the new arrangement ; and this was one of the principal reasons which had induced him to prefer the appointment of a Committee , to any other mode of proceeding . The House had adopted the same course in the year 1774 , and it was his intention , in the present case , to propose those gentlemen to be on the Committee , who were most interested , as well as most likely to be acquainted with the nature of the different interests that would be affected by the change . He should therefore move , if the House agreed to the appointment of the Committee , that the members for London , Westminster , Middlesex and Surrey , should be members of the same.—The right hon . Secretary concluded with moving , `` That a Committee be appointed to examine into the State of the Nightly Watch of the Metropolis and the Parishes adjacent . '' said , he was utterly surprised at the confined terms of the motion just made by his right hon . friend . No one , he was persuaded , who was acquainted with what had recently passed , and with the alarm and terror which had spread throughout the metropolis , but must have expected that some more extensive measure would have been resorted to than that now under consideration . He should have thought , that a Committee appointed upon such an occasion , would have found it necessary to inquire , not only into the state of the Nightly Watch , but into the causes of the alarming increase of felonies and crimes ; and he was sure , that a comprehensive view of this kind would be more calculated to produce the desired effect than the contracted course recommended by his right hon . friend . He had no other means than were common to every one of informing himself upon the different facts connected with this question ; but no doubt , he imagined , could exist of the increase of crimes of an atrocious character , whatever opinion might be entertained of the causes 199 which led to that increase ; and if such a doubt did exist , a reference to the Returns upon the table , which he had the honour of moving for , would be quite sufficient ; to remove it . By that document it appeared , that for the last five or six years there had been a gradual and regular increase of crimes in London and Westminster ; and , without adverting to the quarter sessions , the number committed for trial at the Old Bailey alone , was