preserved-in matters of religion , that in many places the Protestants and the Catholics used the same church , the one sect the morning , the other in the afternoon . Yet the Swiss , too , had in the beginning quarrelled and fought , about religious opinions ; their natural good sense made them soon bury those dissensions in mutual Forgiveness ; but had the right hon . gentleman been their adviser , their differences would probably have lasted to the present day . The proposition contained in the right hon . gentleman 's speech , seemed to be the most unphilosophical one ; that effects ought to be made to precede causes . The cause that would remove prejudices , the cause that would restore tranquillity , was concession . Let that be granted , and the effect would necessarily follow . `` But , '' it had been asked , `` what haw the Irish Catholics to give in return for this con- 650 cession ? '' To this he would answer , that they had nothing to give but all their affection , all their energy , an united empire '' and security against every foe . Was this nothing ? Were not these advantages worth obtaining ? ( Hear ! hear ! ) The right hon . gent . had endeavoured to illustrate his argument by an allusion to what took place in the reign of Henry the 4th of France , that great prince , who , if any monarch ever deserved the appellation , might justly be called the delight of his people . What did Henry the fourth do ? He conceded the claims of the Hugonots , and all dissatisfaction ceased . The Hugonots were not , as had been represented that night , a small and unimportant body . They were numerous and powerful ; and Sully , that admirable minister , that pattern for all statesmen , that upright , wise , and conscientious adviser of his sovereign , declared in the very same page , in which he recorded the Edict of Nantz , that the boldness of the Protestants had never risen to such insolence as at the very moment when the Edict was issued . Henry , however , was not to be deterred by that circumstance from complying with their just and reasonable claims . But , supposing the right hon . gentleman had been Henry the fourth 's minister , what would have been his counsel ? `` True it is , '' he would have said , `` that your majesty is well disposed towards your Protestant subjects ; true it is that all your majesty 's subjects , and your Protestant subjects in particular , think the time is come for discussing their claims and listening to their grievances ; but certain petty objections exist , certain little prejudices must be removed , certain paltry animosities must be allayed ; and I advise your majesty therefore not to suffer the subject to be now even taken into consideration . '' Such would have been the right hon gentleman 's ad vice . But Henry the fourth would have spurned such a minister from his presence . He was a model for sovereigns . His plumes , whether in the civil or the military career , always pointed to the path of honour . He ( Mr. W. ) trusted that the plumes under the shadow of which this country now reposed , would acquire as truly glorious a direction ; and that Catholic emancipation would give to this expectation the fondest presage of reality . He would now proceed to consider the conduct of the Irish government with respect to the Convention act . While he complimented the activity , and he really be- 651 lieved the purity of motive of the Chief Secretary for Ireland , he must say , that that right hon . gentleman had shown something like an anxiety to see the Catholics resort to strong resolutions and measures , that he might have an opportunity of retaliating upon them . Nothing , however , could be more