further and aggravated circumstances , which could not fail to add most alarmingly to the discontents already existing , which could not fail to be pregnant with danger to the best interests and hopes of the country . Little did he think that he should have had to notice a line of conduct on the part of the government of Ireland , as developed by the mail that arrived yesterday , which he believed had no example during the whole of the last century , and to parallel which , he believed he must go back to the arbitrary reign of James the second . Where could the people look for protection or safety , if the great bulwark of personal safety and personal liberty , the trial by jury , was vitiated and corrupted ? Yet he found , by the account which had reached London , of the proceedings in the Irish court of King 's bench , that the jury pannel summoned to try one of the Catholic Delegates had been tampered with , and that the crown solicitor had been numbering , and marking , and altering the list in a manner that proved the exercise of the undue influence of government ; nay , that sir Charles Saxton , 409 whom in the absence from Ireland of Mr. Secretary Pole , he must consider as the chief civil officer of the government , had been modelling the list in a manner that must excite the strongest feelings of alarm for the purity of the administration of justice in Ireland . It was true that the whole of the proceedings had not yet arrived ; it was true that they did not know precisely the result but enough had been developed to excite the greatest alarm ; enough had been discovered to add strongly to the discontents already so unhappily existing . Take away , by undue means , the security the subject enjoyed from a fair trial by jury , and what remained to him of protection or safety ? He hoped that the persons whose names had been , implicated in this transaction , would be able to clear themselves from the charge which thus , according to report , appeared against them ; but he lamented to say , that from what was already known , enough had been discovered to render the people of Ireland justly dissatisfied . Enough also had been discovered to shew , in the strongest point of view , the necessity of the motion with which he intended to conclude , for a Committee to take into its consideration the situation of affairs in Ireland . If however their lordships should consider these circumstances in the perhaps imperfect state in which they were known to be , as not being a sufficient ground at the present moment for such a motion , still there were amply sufficient grounds previously existing for agreeing to such a proposition . That the discontents in Ireland chiefly arose from the denial to the Catholic body of the same rights which were enjoyed by their fellow-citizens , there could be no doubt . This topic had been often pressed upon their lordships ' consideration , and must be again and again , until the evil was redressed ; for it was an evil which sorely pressed upon a large portion of his Majesty 's subjects , and tranquillity could not be expected until those disabilities were removed . Why such disabilities should continue to exist he was utterly at a loss to discover . No ground or reason remained to support them . It was idle to suppose that there was a single particle of religion in the opposition made to the Catholic claims . Whether a man did or did not worship the Virgin Mary whether he conceived he took the real body and blood of Christ , in the Eucharist , or whether he merely received the Sacrament in commemoration of the sufferings of our 410 Saviour , was a matter so wholly indifferent to all considerations of state , that it were ridiculous to suppose that such differences of opinion