I can prove it on paper . '' So , to the starving manufacturer , who exclaimed , `` I am unable to exist , '' the House of Commons might exultingly say , — '' Look to these accounts—behold the flourishing state of our exports and imports . `` —But when they spoke of such prosperity—a prosperity derived from the Orders in Council—be ( Mr. Whitbread ) would draw their attention to the bankruptcies of the last year , which amounted to between 1,300 and 2,000l In the argument which the right hon . gentleman had used on the present occasion , he appeared to have shut his eyes against the principle on which he had acted last session , when a Committee was appointed to inquire into the state of the manufacturing interest , prior to a vote of money being appropriated to its service—a measure which , however , had totally failed . The right hon . gentleman , supposing all men 's minds confined to the same small particular branch of finance with which he had been occupied , told them of the diminution of the French customs ; and forgot , that during this era of distress , France had subdued Russia , over-run Spain , conquered Austria , and made herself mistress of Europe . According to the argument of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequers France had been compelled by the severe operations of our Orders in Council to this aggrandizement of her empire ; while we , O powerful policy ! had nothing to shew in return , but our Orders , and the pure morality of our licence system . The right hon . gentleman had 1161 enumerated all the powers that were subject to France , and united against Great Britain ; he had talked with indifference of America , who might be forced into the arms of the enemy , and with his universal panacea of Orders in Council and licenced trade , he felt himself equal to contend with all the world in arms against him , although , in truth , the enemy knowing their ruinous consequences to us , had done more than England for their preservation and enforcement . What , he begged to be informed , had become of all the petitions that had been transmitted to the Secretary of State , from the country ? Why were they not yet laid before the Prince ? Why was not his Royal Highness allowed to form an opinion on a subject that affected even the stability of his throne ! The speech of the right hon . gentleman abounded in fallacies , and among them none was greater than his statement respecting the large exports of 1808 and 1809 , when Spain and Portugal were open to our trade , and when an immense quantity of British goods had been wantonly thrown into the hands of Buonaparté . The most serious attention of parliament was also demanded by the dependence of the British armies in Spain and Portugal upon America for grain and flour , since it appeared that no less than 1,500,000 barrels had been imported into Cadiz and Lisbon , during the last year , from the United States . The right hon . gentleman objected to the committee , because it would involve a discussion respecting America : he , for one , however , had he the honour to sit in that committee , would entirely disclaim all such discussion—for the proper object of such a committee would be to inquire into our private policy , not our foreign . If the committee should report that the Orders in Council were injurious and impolitic , it would then be for the House to decide whether they should be repealed—and it would also be a question to consider whether they could be repealed , consistently with our national dignity . On this question he should offer no opinion now , In considering the operation of those Orders in Council , he thought they had entirely failed in their object ; but they had one effect , and that was