the continuance of the practice in the crown of granting pensions out of this fund as a proof of its not being an abuse . replied , that the only difference between him and the right hon . gentleman was , that what the right hon . gentleman called an old , practice he called an old abuse . argued , that the excepting of this fund out of the civil lists of the sovereigns of this country from the time of king William , was not a proof of the fund not being an hereditary revenue of the crown , but rather the contrary . The fact was , then , when such exception took place , the crown took the disposal of the revenue into its own hands , and regular accounts of its application were constantly laid before parliament . It was not therefore , as the hon . gentleman had said , a fund out of sight . If this fund was to be appropriated particularly for local purposes , as it was contended , how came it that the Board of Trade , when recommending the repairing of the forts of Barbadoes , did not direct the expences attendant on such repairs to be defrayed out of these 4½ per cents ? Lord Thurlow , too , as lord chancellor of England , had recognised the right of the crown to grant pensions out of this fund . The right hon . gentleman then defended the pension held by his right hon . friend . Considering his labour , for ten years , and the arduous situation which he filled with an inadequate salary , it was hard to say 748 that a pension of 1,500l . was too great a recompense for him . contrasted the situation of the inhabitants of Barbadoes now and at the time when , in the exuberance of their loyalty , they voluntarily made a grant of this revenue to the crown . Then they were a flourishing colony : now , they were reduced to a state calamitous in the extreme , by duties which we had imposed on them without their consent . They were now an oppressed , a tax-burthened , as well as a calumniated people . replied , and said , that what ever might be the fate of his motion , he was determined not to let the subject sleep . He pledged himself to take every opportunity of bringing it forward in every shape he could before the House . said , that he should not have risen , but for what had fallen from the hon . gentleman ; and he certainly was astonished in no little degree , to hear the hon . gentleman 's threat of renewing this question , after the plain and satisfactory statement of his right hon . friend . He did not mean to enter into the question ; but he could not help alluding to the strange argument of the noble lord , which deduced a non-possession of this revenue in the crown from its being excepted out of the civil list . The simple truth was , that the excepting it out of the civil list was actually leaving it as an hereditary revenue to the crown . Before he sat down , he thought it right also merely to hint at what was said by an hon . gentleman of the distresses of the colonists . It was unfair to impute those distresses to duties levied on their sugars by us , when it was well known that they were to be attributed to the want of their usual great market , —to their being shut out from the continent . observed , that it was very unusual for any member to take up a debate in the way that the right hon . gentleman had done . Without meaning any personal disrespect to the late Secretary of the Treasury , he had no hesitation to say , that on this subject he was a most questionable advocate : and however pleased the Chancellor of the Exchequer might have been with the