did not admit them to any superior rank above that of officers serving with such corps.—There was another thing which he was sure it did not justify , namely , the appointment of German generals to British regiments . This , surely , could not be rendered necessary on the ground that officers ought to be acquainted with the language and manners of their soldiers . He should mention one instance of this kind , though he did not say it consisted with his own knowledge—he meant one baron Linsingen , who was or had been general of the eastern district . This was not the only instance ; there were two or three others , both in this country and in Ireland . Such appointments , he contended , were contrary to the common law and to the act of Settlement . The noble lord , to shew the peculiar jealousy with which the introduction of foreign officers into our service had been regarded , went into a history of the progress of the 60th regiment . By the act of the 29th of George the second , foreign officers , who were Protestants , were 1242 permitted to serve in that regiment , for the protection of the states of Maryland and Pensylvania . This , however , it was to be observed , was for the protection of America , and not of our own country . The number of officers so to be employed , too , was limited to fifty ; the engineers were limited to twenty in number ; and it was expressly provided , that the corps should be commanded by a natural-born subject . By the act of the 39th and 40th of the King , the limitations as to the number of the officers , and the restriction as to religion , were taken off ; but still it was declared , that the regiment should serve only in America . The House would be surprised however to be informed , that it appeared from the Army List that an officer belonging to this 60th regiment was on the staff of our army , serving in Sussex , in the very teeth of this regulation , that they should not serve out of America.—The next subject to which he begged to call the attention of the House , was the practice of admitting foreigners into our own native corps . Not above 10 or 12 years ago , a young man , a foreigner , who was recommended as deserving of promotion in our army , was refused , on the express ground , that he was unfit , as being a foreigner . This feeling , however , was now completely done away , and it was no uncommon thing to see gentlemen promoted from the German legion into the 10th hussars . It surely could not be necessary to introduce such officers into our own army , on the ground of their being better acquainted either with their manners or language . He thought however , that there was a great deal too much of these attempts to Germanise our troops . We were not now to have German officers merely , but German soldiers . He was informed that a number of deserters had lately been liberated from prison , and entering into the 10th regiment of hussars , contrary to all our ancient feelings on such a subject . While this was done , however , and while ministers were willing to receive foreigners into that regiment , he understood that a resolution had been come to , not to admit into it any Irishmen . If this was so , he must be allowed to say , that it was highly improper . A proclamation had been issued by the magistrates in the neighbourhood of Nottingham , by which soldiers were authorised , in certain events , to act without calling in the civil power . If the 10th hussars had been quartered in that neighbourhood , however , 1243 would not the entrusting such a power to foreigners have been dangerous ? It had been