government ? Yes . And I do not conceive myself at all bound to apologise to the Irish Papist for so designating him . I do believe him to be very much disaffected to the English government : and that , on the best and purest principle of human nature ; the principle , namely , that renders him disgusted at suspicion and indignant at restraint . I feel , perhaps , that I ought to apologise to the House for having consumed any part of its time in endeavouring to illustrate points and to enforce arguments , which , I do believe , have long ago been strongly seen and felt by almost every gentleman that now hears me . But , before I sit down , let me implore the right hon . gentlemen opposite to me , as they value their own characters , or their country 's safety , to consider well and deeply the crisis which is now fast approaching upon them . A crisis which it will be neither in their power to avert nor to delay . A crisis at which perhaps , ( what may God forbid ! ) those claims which have hitherto come before you as petitions may assume the shape of demands , and of formidable ones . At which the Irish Catholic may no longer approach you in the tone of humble and chastened remonstrance , but in the tone and attitude of menace and defiance . And let me implore those right hon . gentlemen to consider well and deeply , at such a crisis , the advice which it will then be their duty to give to the Prince Regent . An advice , on which will , I am convinced , depend this alternative . Whether by the adoption of at once a magnanimous , an enlightened , and an honest policy , they will enable him to conciliate 558 to himself for ever the affections of a brave , a naturally loyal and affectionate people , or whether , by still counselling him to an adherence to that system which they long recommended to his royal father , they will place him in the predicament I am sure he will then be placed in , that of himself lighting the torch of civil discord between these countries , the plunging them both in a state of horrid and hopeless civil war , that of being obliged to hoist his standard at the head of eleven millions of his subjects , and lead them forth to political , if not to actual contest , against the remaining five . ( Hear ! hear ! ) , of Kerry , agreed in every thing which had fallen from the right hon . gentleman on the floor ( Mr. Canning ) , and felt as enthusiastic as himself in the cause of the Roman Catholics . He could not pretend to add any thing to the speech of the right hon . gentleman , and merely meant to state , that the right of petitioning had not been infringed , and that the Irish government had done every thing in their power to avoid coming to extremities with the Irish Catholics . For this reason he wished the House to go into the Committee . wished to know when it was supposed the time would arrive that might be proper for granting the claims of the Catholics ? His right hon . and learned friend ( Sir . J. Nicholl ) had said that when the Irish people were educated , when they were conducted from ignorance to knowledge , and from turbulence to order , that would be the period for taking the subject into consideration . For his part , as he did not pretend to dive into futurity , he could not be supposed to know exactly when that time might come ; but really he had no very great hope that he should ever live to see the period when , according to the ideas of his right hon . and learned friend , it might be advisable to take the claims of