been intended . Was the right hon . gentleman serious when he affected to think that his hon . friend meant to censure the conduct or invalidate the claims of sir Sidney Smith ? The right hon . gentleman must know that every thing opposite to censure was meant . Was there anything personally invidious in the manner in which his hon . friend had commented upon the charges annexed to the name of the hon . gentleman who spoke last ? What had that hon . gentleman himself admitted ? he had frankly stated , that the sums were of a nature that required , that called for explanation : and yet the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer thought it a high crime and misdemeanor against the private feelings of those gentlemen , to require that explanation which one of them had volunteered to declare as essentially necessary to the satisfaction of himself , the House and the country : and yet , with this evidence before them , it was , in the judgment of the right hon . gentleman , criminal even to suggest the propriety of furnishing the House with this information , which was the full extent of the offence laid to the charge of his hon . friend : He had only asked that these monies should be accounted for , and would any man lay his hand upon his heart and say , that there was then before him sufficient evidence to justify the vote of these respective charges ? Did any man know how they had been incurred ? And would they vote to defray them without first knowing that ? He had been accused of not understanding the plan of the right hon . gentleman . He could not help his understanding , and he was but too well aware of its slowness of comprehension to attempt to stand up in that place in defence of it ; but his dullness on this occasion was not without very high sanction . For it appeared that the 366 right hon . gentleman himself did not at first fully understand his own scheme . He had , upon the night of introducing it to the House , proposed the appointment of three commissioners to superintend the private property of the king , and to each of whom he proposed to give a salary of 1,000l . a year . This the right hon . gentleman did from not understanding the nature of the property so to be audited ; but when the matter became gradually more intelligible to the right hon . gentleman , then he was of course enabled to render it more intelligible to others.—With regard to the remarks that had been made as to the opinions of the Prince , or the distrust shewn towards him as Regent , he should dismiss them with one observation , that he thought it neither constitutional nor very respectful towards that House , to introduce into the midst of its discussions any mention of the feelings or motives of the head of the executive government , to influence or sway the proceedings of a British House of Commons . He thought therefore that the right hon . gentleman would have acted more wisely in abstaining from observations affecting whatever might be supposed to be the motives of the Prince as Prince Regent , at the same time that he entirely concurred with him in thinking that the present ministers came before parliament with all the sanction that the constitution gave to the reputed servants of the crown , in originating any measure in that House.—He had two objections to the principle of the Bill . The first was , that it did not give the entire administration of the household to the Prince . This the right hon . gentleman described as placing the Prince Regent in an invidious situation . Now he thought otherwise : he was not to presume that there could possibly exist a minister so lost to every sense of public or private duty , as to be capable of advising the Prince Regent to do