true , that a general combination to break all the frames might be so construed , and perhaps the late outrageous proceedings deserved a title little less severe ; but on examining the Bill itself , it would be found that it was not at all calculated to operate against such conspirators . The four species of crime contemplated by the Bill were , first , entering houses by force , and destroying machines ; second , entering houses by force , with intent to destroy them ; third , wilfully and maliciously cutting in pieces machines ; and the fourth , destroying any utensil , instrument , & c. belonging to the machinery . Would the House believe it , and yet it was true , that not one of those crimes partook of the dreadful nature of the evil complained of ; and which evil was , as it was likened to high-treason , a conspiracy to destroy all frames ? According to the present Bill , an idle apprentice , who , from a quarrel with his master , or any other cause , should break or destroy the machinery of his master , or the slightest utensil connected with it , might be capitally convicted under it . In fact , the Bill was totally directed against individual depredation , and not against the conspiracy which had given birth to the late disturbances . It required little skill , indeed , to construct an act far better for its purposes than that proposed by the right hon . gentleman . It did not even leave any thing to the humanity of a prosecutor ; but in all cases compelled a prosecution.—Gentlemen on the other side no doubt thought that they were supporting a measure to secure the future tranquillity of Nottingham and the surrounding counties from these illegal combinations ; but on looking at the wording of the Bill they would find themselves grievously disappointed , for the net , instead of being spread wide enough to secure all , could catch only a very few of the offenders . He , perhaps , would have recommended that offenders should not have been prosecuted , until it were clear that a combination existed , by several frames having been previously broken , or unless 833 three or four men in concert committed the act.—In every respect this measure was totally inadequate : it did little credit to the legislative skill of ministers , and if passed would be a disgrace to the proceedings of the House . It appeared that the right hon . Secretary had brought the Bill ready made in his pocket , before he obtained leave to bring it in ; and he ( sir S. R. ) was confident that in after times it would astonish an English House of Commons to find , upon the inspection of the Journals , that in a case of life and death their predecessors had upon only a few minutes consideration adopted a measure of such extent and importance.—He recommended , before such a hasty step were taken , that some examination of the ground should be made , and that a committee should be appointed to make inquiry into a subject on which the House actually knew little or nothing . What hon . member , let his connections be what they might , could say that he knew the cause of these riots ; whether they originated in malice on the part of the workmen against their masters for ill-treatment , or from a determination to destroy machinery , which lessened the proportion of manual labour ? Whether any , and what combinations had been entered into , and what subscriptions had been raised to resist the efforts of the legislature ? These were questions of great importance , and to proceed without information upon them would be highly unbecoming the dignity and wisdom of the House . thought , that after the long continuance of the outrages which had so much disgraced the country , —after they had so long braved the law , and had even been alluded to as a