this , for setting-aside that which was new , and returning to the old vote , that they were called innovators . It would now be understood what was the definition of the word innovation , according to the notions of the gentlemen opposite , and it would also be understood , that with them , those who abolished a novel or new practice to return to one which had been long established , were innovators . The hon . gentleman had done him the justice to bear testimony to the consistency of his opposition to the enlargement of this grant . He had admitted that when he was not in office , he opposed it , and that when he came into office , he had exhibited the strange phenomenon of a minister acting consistently with the principles he had avowed in opposition . This had seemed to surprise him ; but , however , the hon . gentleman had said , all , so far , was very well ; but the novelty was , he had not only acted thus , when he came into office , but he had continued to do the same . Not only had he continued to do the same while he was the minister of the King , but he still opposed the measure , though he was the minister of the Prince , and this again was a subject of great surprise , as it should seem , as if it were very extraordinary that a member of that House should not , on such an occasion , put on new principles . His opinions , however absurd they might appear on this subject , had remained what they were in 1801 , and the memory of the hon . gentleman was not accurate if he thought that the argument he had used that night was new . He had not supposed that there were no deaths at Maynooth , but when it was known that all there were professedly educated for the priesthood , he thought some latitude might be allowed to what he had advanced . When he said that if the grant were enlarged there was no knowing to what it might extend , he had not supposed that they might be called 1233 upon for millions upon millions , but he thought it was not `` definable how far it might extend , if a line were not drawn where they now were . insisted that , during the first session of the new parliament , under the present administration , the grant was enlarged , though nominally , to discharge the expences of some new erections . The right hon . gentleman had stated , that the government of which be ( sir J. N. ) was a humble member , had done all that lay in their power to promote the Roman Catholic religion . The assertion was unfounded ; but it was true that every thing was done necessary to protect the injured rights of the Catholics , and , by protecting them to maintain the general interests of the united empire . In such an attempt , the right hon . baronet had borne his share of the duty , and he should never be ashamed of the part he had borne . was willing to give the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer full credit for consistency , but it was a consistency which had been highly injurious , and might eventually prove fatal to the country . The sarcastic and facetious allusions that had been made to the administration of the right hon . baronet , and which might well have been spared , Could in no respect apply to himself , since he had held , and had been candidate for no place . The applause , however , excited by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer among his friends by his retort , appeared a little untimely , and somewhat injudicious , since the ink of a letter was yet scarcely dry , written by ministers , though signed by the Prince Regent