. He submitted to the House , that this was a case on which some particular provision should be made . It was his intention , therefore , to introduce a bill on the subject ; but he would previously furnish the House with such information , as would serve for its ground-work . said , in rising to make his promised motion for the reappointment of the Select Committee on the Public Income and Expenditure of Ireland , he should not have thought it necessary to trouble the House with many words , as the measure had been recommended from the throne , but he felt it proper to account for his making a motion , which , on the first view , might seem to come more properly from ministers . In doing this , he must call their attention to certain circumstances which had taken place in the last session . It would be recollected , that he had endeavoured to bring the subject of Irish Finance under the consideration of the House , a long time since ; and the propriety of a Finance Committee originated with him . In the last session of parliament , notice of a defalcation in the revenue of Ireland was taken by the House . Several sessions preceding , he ineffectually endeavoured to call their attention to this object , which was certainly one of very considerable moment . However , the evil went on increasing 104 till it became so alarming as to be noticed in the Speech from the throne , at the commencement of the last session . But , although that was the fact , no proposition was made on the subject , till , on the 19th of March , he called the attention of the House to those points , and proposed a set of Resolutions . * It appeared to be the opinion of many members , that the House could not enter into the consideration of the subject-matter of those resolutions , until documentary information was laid before them . In consequence , he withdrew those Resolutions , and immediately after moved for the appointment of a Committee to enquire into the state of the Finances of Ireland , and to report thereon to the House . This motion was negatived by a considerable majority , which included the Chancellors of the Exchequer for England and Ireland , and , he believed , all the other members of administration who were present . But , it was worthy of remark , that within six days after his motion had been negatived , the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland : proposed the formation of a Committee exactly similar to that for which he had moved , and which had been so recently rejected . The measure having been agreed to , the Committee proceeded in its researches ; and , at the close of the session , great credit was taken in the Speech for the benefit resulting from a measure , which bad originated with him , but which , on his proposition , had been negatived . At the commencement of the present session , the re-appointment of the Committee was called for from the throne ; and , he would ask , had he not a right to come forward and lay claim to the honour of having originally proposed this measure , which had been afterwards stolen from him ? He had only to add , with respect to the Report of that Committee , that he hoped any error , or apparent error , which was discernible on the face of it , would not be repeated . He had noticed one , which , if it had occurred in an Irish parliament , would certainly have been set down as a proof of their propensity to blundering . In that report he observed , under date of the 14th of June , a statement was made , founded on evidence , which evidence , by referring to the index , appeared not to have been given till the 1st of July following . The circumstance was