it was necessary to mark all the subdivisions , a smaller could not well be adapted , and the Committee might recollect that they were executed under the parliamentary commissioners appointed by the act for the Drainage of Bogs in Ireland . said , he did not impute any thing to the right hon . gentleman whose conduct he was certain was perfectly proper on the occasion ; but he thought it his duty to call their attention to the fact itself . Some means ought to be devised by Parliament to prevent the recurrence of such practices . said that he had heard the subject a good deal discussed by the commissioners , whose opinions seemed to be , that a smaller plan would not answer the purpose . expressed a hope , that what had passed that night would make such an impression on the minds of gentlemen who were appointed Chairmen of Committees , as would call their attention particularly to the subject . begged leave , before the Chairman left the chair , to put a question which he feared should rather have been proposed when the vote for the seamen was proposed . The subject , however , had excited so much agitation in the public mind , that he trusted he should be 195 permitted to put it in the present instance . He did not mean to throw any blame upon any individual whatever , but he wished the right hon . gentleman would state to the House why those two great ships , the St. George and Defence , had been left in such a situation as had caused their loss , and by what means that loss was occasioned . , evidently much Affected , replied , that with regard to the loss incurred it was certainly but too true . The ships and the stores were of little importance , but the number of gallant lives destroyed by that unfortunate accident was important indeed . With regard to the circumstances by which we had sustained so great a loss , they were entirely owing to those accidents of wind and weather which it was impossible to for see and to provide against . The ship Hero , the loss of which we had also to lament , was cast away , owing , he believed among other causes , to a fault in the navigation , and not making allowance for the current which prevailed in those seas . It was a matter that deserved consideration , in order to correct the error in the navigation in the North Roads , and by that means to provide against such occurrences hereafter . With regard to the ships alluded to in the hon . gentleman 's question , he could state that orders were issued from the Admiralty , directing that no ships should remain in the North Seas after the 1st of November . The weather however prevented the convoy , from arriving until the 17th of that month . In the storm one of the vessels fell foul of the other , which by the shock lost its rudder . After the Defence was sunk , the St. George was driven on shore , but expectations were entertained of her weathering out the storm , so much so that the admiral did not shift his flag , as he might have done . Unfortunately , however , those expectations were not realized . As to the detention of the convoy , it was owing entirely to the state of the weather ; and so far was the admiralty from being to blame , that many applications were made for convoys to the Baltic , at a later period , and were refused . repeated that he did not mean to impute the slightest blame to any individual . He was perfectly satisfied with the right hon . gentleman 's statement , and with , the feeling which , he manifested on the occasion . inquired whether it was 196 the intention of ministers to make any alterations in the establishment of the Royal Marines , so as to answer