he could not agree . The words were , that the services of lord Wellington in Spain had been `` eminently beneficial to the interests of the kingdom . '' Though he allowed the great merits of lord Wellington in their utmost extent , yet he could not approve of words which seemed to convey an opinion favourable to the policy of the war in the peninsula . It was on this ground solely that he objected to them , and could not suffer the Address to pass without stating his disapprobation . It was impossible , he admitted , to speak in too high terms of the gallant exploit at Ciudad Rodrigo ; but he was by no means convinced that it tended much to farther the great object of the war . It might be called the key of Spain , but would it open the gates of Madrid ? A great object might have been gained , if the passes of the Pyrenees had been occupied , as had once been suggested ; but whether this could have been done , or not , he really did not know . But unless we in concert with our allies made one great effort , the continuance of the contest would be a mere useless waste of blood and treasure . If that could not be done , we ought to have recourse to the maritime system which had been so strongly recommended . The present system , he was convinced , could not lead to any beneficial result . He would not trouble their lordships farther at present , as he might have another opportunity of delivering his sentiments . moved the order of the day for the third reading of the Bill for the more exemplary punishment of persons destroying or injuring any Stocking or Lace Frames , or other machifes or engines used in the Frame-work knitted manufactory , or any articles or goods in such Frames or Machines . said , that he would be the last man in that House to defend or justify the outrages against which this Bill had been provided ; but it was a ma- 860 terial point to ascertain , before it passed into a law , whether it could have the desired effect of putting a stop to these outrages . He did not think it could ; and he was fortified in that opinion by the frank declaration of the right hon . Secretary , who had , in introducing the Bill , protested against pledging himself to the ultimate success of his own measure . After so strange , but so explicit an avowal on the part of the originator of the Bill , he thought it became the House to be cautious of adding to the pile of their penal laws , one of which they only could be certain , that it might take away mens ' lives without at all restraining their offences . The law which had been the professed model of the present Bill , made the offence of Frame-Breaking a transportable felony—the penalty , however , was departed from , and the offence made a capital felony . The reason for this change did not appear . It had been said that under the former act no persons could be brought to discover . If it had been so difficult to get witnesses to prosecute to conviction , when the offence was only transportable , would it be less so under the present act , when the conviction affected life ? He thought rather that this very alteration would enhance the difficulty it was intended to obviate . But they had not merely the authority of the right hon . Secretary against his own measure—they had that of the minister himself , who bad expressed his apprehensions that this offence had not yet reached its height—that it might yet proceed to an alarming extent , and reach perhaps throughout a great part of the manufacturing system of the country . If the evil now to be provided against was so to en-crease , even under the operation of this statute