. Would it be said that such a meeting should , for a moment , be permitted , even if it only consisted of county representatives ? And would they contend that a more dangerous meeting should be allowed with the representatives of Peers , Church and Commons ? He paid a tribute of applause to the private character of lord Fingall , but referred to history to prove , that in all revolutions , erring virtuous men had commenced the ruin which they had not power to stop , and though they might acquit then '' of guilt , it was not easy to acquit them of imprudence . The violence of the Catholic advocates had done the cause much harm , and their publications were enough even to frighten men from their side who had pledged themselves to support them . On these grounds he was decidedly against the motion ; and thought it better for the Catholics to follow the course they had chalked out for themselves , to meet on the 28th of February and petition the Regent , then free from all restrictions . said , he should have no objection to make concessions to the Roman Catholics , provided such security was given as would effectually prevent any 'danger from accruing to the constitution . Thus far he was content to go . In his opinion , if the Irish government had pursued a different line of conduct from-that which they had adopted , they would have been grossly culpable . ' The plain and simple statement made last night by the right hon . Secretary for Ireland , had effected a very great impression on his mind . The proceedings of the government had been mild and conciliating , such as be expected from the honourable character of the noble duke , the present for lieutenant of Ireland , with whom he had the happiness of being personally acquainted . But the conduct of the Roman Catholics bad been such , as influenced hint to oppose the 613 motion . This he regretted , as it had been introduced by his noble friend ; but , most assuredly , the Roman Catholics were not justified in demanding that as a right , which ought to be requested as a boon—much less should they have assumed a menacing or threatening posture ; yet , from the statements which had been made , it was clear they had formed a society dangerous to the existence of any state—and a book bad been published , with their concurrence , which was of a most inflammatory tendency . As a cry of `` No Popery '' was alleged to have gone abroad , he thought it right thus publicly to state his sentiments , lest he might be suspected of having flinched from his duty . As long as the Catholics stood in a menacing posture they should find an enemy in him . He confessed that the Catholics had a right to be emancipated , but they should receive emancipation with gratitude , and rather as a boon . said , that the principal objections of the hon . gentleman who spoke last but one were taken from the speech delivered , on the preceding evening , by the right hon . secretary for Ireland ( Mr . Pole . ) The present motion was supported on two grounds—the discontented state of Ireland , and the cause of that discontent . Many honourable members conceived that the refusal of the Catholic Claims was the source of the misfortune ; others believed it to arise from the severity of the course pursued by the Irish government ; and not a few attributed it to both those grounds . But how it was possible for any person , who admitted that every part of Ireland was in a state of irritation , to resist giving so important a subject the most assiduous consideration of the House , he could not conceive . For his own part , he concurred , on both the grounds , in the propriety of the motion . He was surprised at many expressions