for Carlisle had expressed a hope , that other men would soon succeed to those stations , in which the right hon . gentleman and his colleagues had shown themselves so incapable : but what was the right hon . gentleman 's reply to this honest hope ? He told the House ( and it ought to go forth to the country ) , that whatever golden dreams that hon . member indulged in might be disappointed ; he , in fact , told the House , and not equivocally , that he was to be the future minister of England . How the right hon . gentleman could possibly think of facing an indignant country at the commencement of a new era , such as the present awful period was , he could not imagine ; but of one thing he was certain , that , if the minister and his colleagues , or any other patched administration , should continue to act on the system which had been hitherto pursued , they would soon shake the monarchy to its foundation , and bury the constitution beneath its ruins . He begged pardon for intruding his observations on the House , and would conclude at once by saying , that he placed no confidence whatever in the plunderers of Copenhagen , or in those who had the baseness to originate the hellish cry of 'No Popery . ' complimented the last hon . speaker on the consistency of the beginning and end of his speech . He had certainly stated his contempt of the minister most cavalierly , and very much , to be sure , to his own satisfaction , but other members might differ from the hon . gentleman , and he for one begged leave to differ from him totally and entirely . For his part , he placed the highest confidence in the minister . He thought that the government had conducted the affairs of the country in the most admirable manner , and that was not his humble opinion alone , but the opinion of many who had more experience and were infinitely of more consideration than himself . But be the talents of the ministers and his colleagues what they might , it was at least evident , that their conduct towards America had been conciliatory ; that it was as conciliatory as was compatible with the independence of Englishmen ; who , though they should not wish to be the aggressors towards America , did not , however , at the same time , like to receive insult from her . There was a deal of swaggering exterior in the conduct of America ; but he was much deceived , if there was not also much 794 wisdom at the bottom of that conduct , and a wisdom which would , in his opinion , recede in the end from a war with this country . But as to the present motion , could it possibly tend to any good purpose , or was it not rather calculated to produce every bad one ? He did not much care who was in or who was out ; if the preservation of the maritime rights of the country were to depend on the continuance in power of the present minister , he would support the minister for the sake of the rights . Not being able to see the cui bono of the present motion , he should certainly vote against it . , although he was aware that the House was anxious to come to a decision , yet hoped that he might receive the customary indulgence of being allowed to answer the arguments of those who had opposed the motion . The hon . and learned gentleman who spoke last , was at a loss to discover the cui bono of the motion ; —was extremely anxious to know what good purpose the motion could serve . He could tell the hon . and learned gentleman , that one good purpose which it would evidently accomplish would be , to give him information on the subject of America ; for it