upon that delicate point . The obstacle that existed was a great one ; but it was no greater than what a loving father interposes to an expecting but not undutiful child . He would have consented to concede the claims then , but that individual whom the constitution had armed with power to annul the consent , had intimated his intention of exerting his power . He felt that circumstances were now changed—he felt that that obstacle ( would to God it had not been so ! ) was removed ; but even if he did not see that change , was it likely that they who were most interested would not found hopes upon it ? They had looked forward to the removal of this obstacle , as a period when their grievances would be heard , and perhaps redressed ; and what must be the effect of this disappointment upon their minds ? What was always the effect of disappointed hopes upon the human mind ? He was speaking to an audience capable of feeling those questions . Was it possible that the debate of this evening could go to Ireland , and not excite the strongest sensations ? The completion of their long nourished desires did not now depend upon the life of an aged man—a life they would not shorten one day by their wishes to gain their views—but upon the continuation of the present minister in favour ; but what might have been conceded to such a man , to his age , to his sufferings , to the memory of what he had done for his people , would not be conceded to the virtues and services of his right hon . friend . A question of this vital importance was now to be brought before the House in a new way ; not as a government one , but as one on which every person would be at liberty to vote according to his real feelings ; and there was a possibility—nay a probability , that ministers would be found voting against each other . It was preposterous thus to talk of discussing the ques- 1038 tion , without admitting any influence of the part of the crown . Reference was made to the Slave Trade , in justification of this plan ; but he thought it the most fortunate part of that transaction that it was at last taken up as a government question , when the trade received its final blow . If that , therefore , were cited as an example , he wished it also to be cited as a warning . It lingered on year after year , till it was brought forward , though by a discordant administration , as a ministerial measure—and that was the only way in which the Catholic question ought to be treated . Here again he would guard against being construed to mean unqualified concession—he meant no such thing—he would have guards , he would have qualifications by which the establishment both of church and state might be effectually secured . Perhaps he should be again answered by being desired to produce his guards ; but any one must know that to be only a trick in argument . Who would bring them forward , at that stage of the question , to undergo a hostile discussion ? Suppose we were making a treaty of peace—must we disclose all our terms , all our conditions , prematurely , to be conveyed perhaps to the enemy ? Certainly not . Aye , but then it would be said , why here is a fellow who wishes to treat without any conditions at all . Just so it was with regard to the Catholic guards . The question , however , was an important , a solemn one . We heard it—we felt it—it animated the whole mass of the Irish population : it came over almost on every breeze that blew upon our shores ; and we could not evade it much longer . There was one , but one cure for all these difficulties , and that was the executive government