step . It was a case where three members of the House had been driven from their seats for embezzling monies belonging to a public subscription , called `` The Charitable Corporation , '' of which they were directors and managers , which could by no construction be termed public money . A precedent of an earlier date , in 1607 , went still further , which he stated merely to shew the extent to which the House had gone . Sir Edward Thomas , in a petition , charged his son , a member of that House , of being guilty of divers frauds , injuries , and abuses , and therefore prayed that inquiry might be instituted . A committee was appointed—the House did not send the father to seek his remedy in the courts of law , but conceiving that the honour and dignity of their body was implicated , directed an inquiry into the merits of the case . The report of 1179 the committee was favourable to the son , and consequently there were no farther proceedings had upon the petition . The complaint was not clearly stated on the Journals , but from the nature and connection of the complainant , he rather supposed it must be one of flagrant immorality . He stated the case to shew , in the first instance , that the House possessed large discretionary powers ; and in the second instance , that he was not actuated in bringing forward the present charge from any malignant motives . In other cases , the House had expelled members , and directed them to be proceeded against afterwards in the courts below . The hon . gentleman maintained , therefore , that the governing principle upon which the House was called to act , was the notoriety of the fact , demonstrable from papers on the table , which shewed that it was a gross breach of trust , beyond the power of cavil to dispute , and as such entitled to the severest punishment in the breast of the House to inflict . With respect to the attendance of Mr. Walsh , he did not mean to press his absence against him as an aggravation of his offence : had he attended , he should have thought it indicative of a hardened mind after the production of the documents alluded to . He trusted and hoped his subsequent conduct would free him from that suspicion . He then adverted generally to the cases on the Journals , which he considered as bearing on the present , but should the House not so consider them , and be of opinion the present was a new case , then he must contend that the House was bound to establish a new precedent . If the House did not punish , they would become partakers in the disgrace . He concluded with moving , `` That Benjamin Walsh , esq . a member of this House , having been tried at the Old Bailey , in January last , for Felony , and convicted thereof , and having received a free pardon by reason of his offence not amounting to Felony in the opinion of the Judges ; but gross fraud and notorious breach of trust having been proved against him on the said trial , is unworthy and unfit to continue a member of this House . '' , previous to putting the question , suggested to the hon . member that the documents to which he had referred , should be entered as read on this day . Which was accordingly done . The question was then put . stated , that he had so much respect for the hon . gentleman who 1180 had just taken his seat , and so much confidence in the rectitude of his intentions , and the integrity and independence of his conduct , that in all matters of indifference , where no important question was involved , he should be inclined , almost without inquiry , to adopt his opinions . In neither of these two distinctions , however , could he place