the minds , leagued against us . ( Hear , hear ! ) Reverting to the speech of the right hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Canning ) he repeated his testimony to the singular eloquence by which it was distinguished . An hon . member had characterised that speech as satis eloquentiæ , sapientiæ parum . ' In this description of it he Could not concur . He would rather say 'satis eloquentiæ , sapientiæ satis . ' Yet he felt no surprise that the arguments of the right bon . gentleman had failed to produce conviction in the mind of the hon . gentleman , for they had actually failed to produce conviction in the mind of the right hon . gentleman himself ( A laugh . ) Nevertheless the right hon . gentleman was last night in a situation id which something different might have been expected from him . Last night he was himself emancipated . He had shaken off the trammels of office—he had 647 escaped from the influence of his late colleagues—his genius , with its plumage all bright and resplendent , had taken a full and unrestrained flight into the regions of truth and eloquence—but what was the result ? Labouring to convince every body else , the right hon . gentleman could not at last obtain his own vote . ( A laugh . ) As he listened to the right hon . gentleman 's polished periods , he could not help asking himself , `` Is this really the man who has hitherto been the enemy of the Catholic claims—who when in office distinguished himself as the strenuous opposer of Catholic concession—who concurred in the vote which went to disqualify a Catholic from being a Bank Director in Ireland—who was of opinion with his late colleagues that it was dangerous for a Catholic to become an admiral or a general—who joined in recommending the prototype of the right hon . and learned civilian opposite , as a fit person to be made a privy counsellor to the crown ? '' Alas ! such was the inconsistency of human nature , this was the very man ! This was he who could now concede the Catholic claims , provided certain animosities were allayed , certain prejudices done away , and tranquillity restored . These conditions were as unreasonable as those of the right honourable and learned civilian . There Were no grounds whatever for supposing that tranquillity could be restored till the concessions were granted . The right hon . gentleman stated as a preliminary , that certain prejudices should be removed and certain animosities allayed . Who had done so much to excite the one and to inflame the other , as the right hon . gentleman and the government with which he had acted ? In 1807 , those prejudices and animosities did not exist . In 1807 , the whole of Ireland was tranquil . The member for Northampton , however , thought proper to raise the cry of `` No Popery . '' On the wings of that cry he flew into power , and was accompanied by the right hon . gentleman who now professed himself to be so anxious that the minds of the Catholic population should be tranquillized . Might he ( Mr. W. ) not exclaim as he contemplated these occurrences , `` Oh ! inexplicable inconsistency , of human nature ! '' ( Hear ! hear ! ) —But when the right hon . gentleman talked of objecting to the present motion , on account of the notice which had been given by an hon . friend of his ( Mr. Hutchinson ) of an intended motion for the repeal of the 648 legislative Union between Great Britain and Ireland , he really could hardly help supposing that the right hon . gentleman was laughing at the House . The right hon . gentleman declared that that intended motion was of such a nature , that in his opinion ' no man would be found to vote for it—that it would be as reasonable a proposition to recommend the restoration of the heptarchy—and