hon . and learned gentleman had , indeed , worked himself up to say , that because this was not a felony , it was no crime . He had stated , that there were no facts on the record , yet that record contained an indictment which in seven different counts alleged express charges of stealing and converting bills , notes , & c. : and the jury had found the prisoner guilty on such charges . Surely , here were facts ; nor did he see how a special verdict could furnish more . The Chief Baron , too , had stated that the facts were proved , though on a question put , the judges had agreed that it was no larceny , and a pardon had consequently been granted , —The hon . and learned gentleman had said , that the offence of Mr. Walsh would not work a forfeiture of his goods and chattels : but what sort of argument was that ? Was not his character forfeited , and was not that completely proved ? The argument went to this length ; —a man was charged with a felony : he was not guilty of that , and , therefore , he was entirely innocent . But 1185 was there no moral turpitude on which the present motion might be supported ? An instance , which had been quoted by his hon . friend the mover , clearly proved that the House had acted on such principles . It was the instance where they had first expelled a man , and afterwards ordered him to be tried ; so that he was proceeded against , not on the ground of a legal conviction , but of a moral turpitude ; an instance which shewed that the House would not suffer a member so contaminated to retain his seat . In the present case the moral guilt had been proved—no circumstances of mitigation were suggested , and , besides , they had confitentem reum . There were , perhaps , no precedents of an exactly similar nature . The case of the Charitable Corporation was not precisely in point ; but could it be urged , that because members acting in a corporate capacity had committed frauds , and been punished , they would not have met with the same punishment if they had individually robbed and cheated the subjects of the realm ? —The right hon . gentleman then proceeded to review the various cases of former expulsions , as far as they bore on the present subject ; and observed , that if the House had not authority to expel Mr. Walsh , there was no other authority that could do it : there was , in fact , no mode , but by the House conferring upon him a nominal office . His constituents , indeed , might afterwards return him , if they chose to adhere to a person so contaminated . The disgraceful offence of the individual was notorious ; and nothing was advanced against the motion , except by technical objections . When the hon . and learned gentleman wished the House not to let their feelings run away with them , he must , himself , at the same time , have felt the great indecorum , the gross indecency of such a person sitting in that place . Under all these circumstances , seeing no probable danger from the adoption of the motion , but seeing great danger from the rejection of it , he felt it impossible for him not to give his sincere and ardent support to the motion . hoped no one who heard him could so far have misunderstood him , as to suppose that he meant to say there was nothing criminal in the conduct of Mr. Walsh . What he had said was , that the crime did not come within his jurisdiction ; that it was not the crime it had been said to be in a legal point of view . conceived it to be the prac- 1186 tice of the House , to take notice invariably of facts