call together the supposed representatives of the people of England , and to tell them— ( cries of Order , order ! ) called the hon . baronet to order , and observed the House could not hear such language as applied to itself . said , that nothing could give him greater pleasure than to hear that from the chair ; since it proved , that there was a firm conviction that the House of Commons ought to represent the people of England , when to hint a contrary opinion was considered as an insult not to be borne : and yet , on the 11th of May , 1808 , a minister was detected in the traffic of seats , —a practice which was not only not denied , but unblushingly avowed to be as notorious as the sun at noon-day ; and , therefore , it might have-been conceived that gentlemen would not have been over delicate at hearing such things suggested.—The hon . baronet then called the attention of the House to the shackles imposed on the Prince Regent—restrictions , than which nothing more insulting could be conceived , as they-supposed that the son was capable of using his power contrary to the interests of his father : but , happily for the country , those restrictions would soon expire ; an event to which they would 21 look with anxiety , as the Prince had by many gratuitous professions , long pledged himself to those enlarged principles , and that liberal system of policy , which had raised the nation to the lofty pinnacle of happiness and glory on which it stood at the close of the reign of George II . He had the greater hopes and confidence in the Prince , because he had felt the power which was so much complained of . Able writers had , indeed , written in praise of different forms of government , —the absolute , the democratical , and the mixed ; but none had been found hardy enough , in the worst of times , to be the advocates of oligarchy : and the present oligarchy was one of the worst species , —not of a few of the best men , and of the greatest interest in the state , but an oligarchy of rotten borough mongers , —a sort of men known in the history of no other country except our own . The consequences of this destructive system were , that abroad , the monarchs , our allies , were either chased from their crowns , or , after an immense ' exhaustion of-blood and treasure , held their sovereignties at the will of Buonaparté , or depended for support on a scanty and eleemosynary pittance—Such was their fate . Look at the continent , there was the book in which all might read it . Was it possible that the House could be so insensible and blind to danger , as to flatter themselves within these walls , that by calling themselves the greatest and the wisest , and the best nation , they could counteract evils such as had never before threatened the country ? —If the House turned its eyes from the continent , and from abroad , and looked to the internal state of the country , there was nothing consolatory to rest upon . There existed a system of taxation , the deprivations of which prevented the strictest industry from procuring a livelihood , and generated a pauperism throughout the land , —a pauperism aggravated by pillage . Formerly the exactions of an Empson and a Dudley called forth the indignation of a whole land ; nor did our forefathers allow the plea , that they had acted under the sanction or an act of parliament , as any exculpation of their infamous proceedings . But now , look at our surveyors , and our surchargers ; whose conduct was such , that the payment of money ( however great that evil ) was the least inconvenient and offensive part of the system . There were now Empsons and Dudleys in every county ; and the trial