He would allow that if there were grounds to justify his expulsion , the want of precedent should not prevent it ; but there were no grounds . Was Mr. Walsh , in the eye of the law , guilty or innocent ? If he was innocent of the felonious offence , was he guilty of any other legal one ? They would find , on appealing to the Judge 's letter , that though the fact of his having formed a design to convert the money to his own use was proved , the fact did not amount to legal guilt ; so that not only was he not guilty of what was charged against him , but what was proved against him was no legal crime . Supposing that sir T. Plomer had not prosecuted , but that this letter had come into the possession of the House , was there a man in it who would have ventured to make the motion now before them ? He thought not ; and if he was right in thinking so , it was wrong to call upon them to act in the present proceeding . As to the fact of every society-having a power to expel its members , he knew of nothing that could be less applicable to the House in which they sat ; for those societies being self-elected , acting mostly from caprice , and having no other laws than those which they made for themselves , bore no analogy to the principles which ought to govern them . Was it because the Stock Exchange had expelled Mr. Walsh that they should proceed to do so ? Were that the case , they should have done so long before . If the King in council had thought proper to erase the name of a privy counsellor , would that be any ground for the House to proceed upon ? It certainly would not ; and yet if the act of any body could be supposed to bind them , that would be the act . As to the case of the Charitable Corporation , it did not apply . The Commons always proceeded by an enquiry of their own , to ascertain the guilt of their members , and he begged gentlemen to re-collect what had been said on a former occasion , that the honour of the House was as much concerned in its proceeding against a rogue , as in not sitting with a rogue . wished to reply to some observations that had been made , and to state the grounds on which his opinion was formed . It had been said , that the guilt was not proved , as it was not followed up by legal judgment . He would agree , that conviction having been taken subject to the opinion of the judges , and that opinion having been against the felony , Mr. Walsh should be considered as having been acquitted . He agreed also , that the notoriety of the transaction should make no impression , the question being not whether the transaction was notorious , but whether it constituted that kind of offence for which the individual ought to be removed from that House . As to the manner in which the question had been brought before the judge , it was strictly according to the practice of the last sixty years , and was preferable to the course of special verdict , as being less expensive and more expeditious : it was also in the present case the wish of the prisoner . He was sure the learned persons engaged in such investigations , would deprecate any interpretation of their opinions as given on the case , in any other light than that of an acquittal . So far he had no difficulty , but upon what remained he felt considerable difficulty indeed . There was no course of proceeding to which he could compare it but that of Corporations . It was well known that no person was permitted to remain in those bodies , who was guilty of any flagrant offences ; there were