now upon the consideration proposed by the motion , he had felt himself bound to give his opinion now . expressed his hearty concurrence in the motion of his noble friend , which had for its object the inquiry into a subject , at the present moment of paramount importance , and he advised ministers not to neglect that opportunity , which might perhaps be the last that was offered them of considering seriously the reasonable claims of the Catholics of Ireland . Their proceedings had been stigmatized by many noble lords as violent and menacing . What threats had they held out ? None that he could discover ; and they originated only in the disturbed and alarmed imaginations of the advisers of the crown . The Catholics did not 466 threaten ; they remonstrated against an act of gross injustice , in the mildest language that could be expected to be used by men so grievously injured . Sooner or later the decision must be come to ; Catholics as well as Protestants would be free , and the course of justice could not be long impeded . He called the attention of the House to the true situation of Ireland : he desired them to look at what she was , and what she might be : what she was , resulted from the blindness of the British , government : what she might be , would depend on its restoration to sight . If , indeed it was a country not worth preserving ; if her extensive population was not worth satisfying , if Ireland was a burden to England , let her devolve under the yoke of France , who would willingly accept what Great Britain rejected ? His lordship then entered into the proceedings of the grand jury and of the Irish parliament in 1792 , attributing considerable blame to them for their conduct at that period . He concluded with giving his cordial assent to the motion . said , that the changes of opinion which were asserted to have taken place in the minds of many Protestant gentlemen , instead of being grounds for acceding to the claims of the Catholics , were proofs that the Catholic interest was paramount in Ireland ; and their lordships should take care how they went into a committee the consequences of which might be highly dangerous . It was not his intention to go into all the legal arguments advanced by the noble baron ( Erskine ) ; but it was sufficient for him to say , that the construction put upon the Contention act by the judges , was strictly conformable to what he knew to be the intention of its framers . He entirely agreed in the principles laid down by the noble marquis ( Wellesley ) that if the restrictions which existed were necessary , they ought to be continued , if they were not , they ought to be removed . That the former was the case , he had no doubt , and nothing could give him more satisfaction than to be able to entertain a different opinion . Many well-meaning persons imagined that the peace , prosperity , and security of Ireland depended on the concession of the Catholic claims ; but he believed that it would be the fruitful source of discord , and severe struggles for power . The noble earl then argued against the bringing forward the present motion at this juncture , 467 and contended that the Coronation Oath was a bar against it , which , according to lord Godolphin , was intended as the security of the people . A noble lord had been reproached with mentioning the opinions of the English people , but was he to be denied this privilege when the feelings of the Catholics were constantly spoken of ? For his part , he never would be deterred from declaring his opinion of a measure which he considered so dangerous as the present . He put it to the House whether they would take advantage of the continued indisposition of the king to do an act , which they