of the noble marquis would refer to ? said he would state that at a future opportunity ; and also apprize the noble earl , if he wished it , of the terms of his motion . expressed his concurrence with the sentiments entertained by the noble marquis . As to the very injurious tendency of the measures alluded to , independent of the effect they might have on any pending negociation with the United States , he was decidedly of opinion 686 they should be revoked on the ground of internal policy ; and in this view , he would ask whether or not petitions had been presented to the Prince Regent praying their revocation ? On this subject he thought some particular information should be laid before the House . The people of this country were , in former times , disposed to look to parliament on such occasions ; but latterly they were more accustomed to make application to the executive government alone . In the present instance , he would admit they might with less impropriety depart from that principle , because the Prince Regent in council was invested by parliament with the power of revoking them . agreed with the noble baron , that it was certainly true , the subject had the option of petitioning on such an occasion , either the executive or the legislature . It was one , however , on which he did not mean to lay down either course as a general rule ; perhaps in the case before them , the petitioners had taken the most correct course . He should entertain a considerable objection to a motion such as the noble baron seemed to have in contemplation ; but every information on the subject which he thought could be consistently communicated , he had no objection to afford . said , that in consequence of what had fallen from the noble earl , he was not desirous of pressing such a motion ; but a great deal upon the subject was already unfortunately known to the public . adverted to the observation he had made on a former evening relative to a statement which had gone forth to the public , of the comparative state of the produce of the consolidated fond in the years ending the 5th of January 1811 and 1812 , namely , that the deficiency in the latter year , as compared with the former , amounted to only 2,000,000l . He had in consequence moved for the accounts which were now on the table , for the purpose of clearly shewing what the actual state of the revenue was , and it was merely to draw the attention of the House to the arithmetical result of these documents , that he now rose . It surely required very little knowledge of the subject not to be aware that it was a most fallacious mode of considering it , or of stating it , to draw a balance from the mere 687 consolidated fund account , without reference to the items of which the income was made up , or the manner in which they were applied to defray the charge . The real question as to the comparative deficiency was the amount of taxes applicable to the service of the country ; and it would be found upon examining the accounts , that the real deficiency in the amount of taxes applicable to the service of the country in the year ending the 5th of Jan. 1812 , compared with the year ending the 5th Jan. 1811 , was not 2,000,000l . but 3,500,000l.—Such were the diminishing resources of the country to carry on the wild and extravagant projects in which we were embarked . There were , besides , several observations , which arose out of the manner of making up the account of the consolidated fund : 2,752,000l . for instance , was taken credit for on account of interest for Ireland . Had Ireland been in a situation not only to pay her own expences , but also to leave a surplus of revenue , it might have been