first head of the fatal system we were pursuing which he would notice , was the war . He recollected to have read in the papers , at the commencement of the was , that France would soon become bankrupt ; that it was a war of finance we were waging , and that in a short time the enemy could net afford to have a single vessel on the face of the ocean . What were we now told by the minister ? Why , that France was possessed of one hundred sail of the line , and that nothing but the want of seamen prevented the French from coming over to this country . Now we knew but too well that the outage at Copenhagen had recruited the French navy , and that with the most hardy and the boldest sailors in Europe . The conscription in Holland had added considerably to its strength , and we were now about to give a still further augmentation in the whole power of the American navy ; at least , if we did not , it would not be the fault of the minister . The probable state of the French navy , in a very short period of time , would be indeed formidable , and the state of the French land forces was actually such . Buonaparté had two large armies ready for offensive operations . Unincumber- 1002 ed with debt , and unimpaired in resources , he could direct the whole of his military force to any single object he might wish to accomplish ; and who could doubt that the object nearest his heart was the destruction of this country ? And what was the situation of this country that was to meet such hostility ? It appeared that there was a deficiency in the consolidated fund to the amount , as stated by ministers , of 2,800,000l . but in reality of 3 millions and a half . Great as that defect was , was there any likelihood that we should not find it in a short time much greater , —that the fund would not decrease in something more than an arithmetical ratio ? Could it be considered without dismay that by the Orders in Council our trade with America was completely put down , a trade which enabled us to export to the amount of more than 12 millions of our most profitable manufactures , while our returns also were made in the most profitable manner , partly in raw materials , and partly by bills of exchange ; obtained by the re-exportation of our manufactures to the continent of Europe . It was chiefly owing to the loss of this valuable trade , that the price of bullion had risen to an extent , such a '' had created an alarm that had not yet subsided , nor was it reasonable to expect it would soon subside . The want of bullion was likely to be severely felt , for we certainly could not pay with paper for the quantity of corn we should have to import , to feed our starving manufacturers . Here was a subject not to be contemplated but with dismay . An insurrection was raging in the heart of the country , and this was not the less alarming because the insurgents acted on a mistaken notion . If they thought machinery prejudicial to their interests , and proceeded to its destruction , and thus to the destruction of the manufactures , the sources of our national wealth would be dried up—for those sources were to be found in the labour of our population , spite of the ingenious doctrines of the French economists , towards which ministers were now beginning to turn so favourable an eye . And what had been done to remedy the evil ? The business had been wholly neglected for sis weeks after the parliament had met , and then no remedy could be devised but the bungling one of making the offence capital . Now it was well known that conviction was much more difficult when the offence was capital ;