those inflicted ! Now ( said Mr. Brougham ) , I contend that this is a distinctly deducible consequence from those very animadversions . The press without called the attention of the public to , and fixed it immovably upon , this flagrant system of punishment . The public feeling had , at length , as it always must have , sooner or later , its influence within these walls ; and accordingly the first step towards the utter abolition of this odious punishment was made in the introduction of the clause of last year , into the Mutiny Bill . Such , Sir , was the work of a free press ; and I can not but sincerely lament that those who were bold and honest enough to begin this battle in the cause of humanity—that those who fought the good fight , and won an inestimable victory in that great cause—that Mr. Cobbett and Mr. Drakard should now be immured within a prison . Gentlemen smile , no doubt with disdain , at the guilty familiarity of citing before their grave authority individuals comparatively so obscure . I admit them to be so ; and all I wish those gentlemen is , that their zeal for truth and their country may never place them where less prudential patriotism has placed their less fortunate fellow subjects . I say , therefore , that the animadversions of an honest press have produced this change in the practice of military flogging , so triumphantly stated by the hon . and learned Judge Advocate ; and that the legislature had been obliged , with respect to this question , to act upon the very principles of Air . Cobbett , who is now in gaol for his unseasonable declaration of them . It is now , I rejoice to find , in the hands of my worthy friend , the member for Westminster ( Sir F. Burdett ) , and backed by his talents and perseverance it would be criminal to despair of its ultimate success . repeated that those public animadversions upon military punishment had been , to his knowledge , gross exaggerations , and as for the happy abatement in the practice of flogging , he could not help thinking , notwithstanding the hon . and learned gentleman 's vehement declamation , that that change was at least to be as fairly attributed to the judi- 1208 cious and meritorious discretion of the gallant officers who sat on the respective general courts martial , as to the great patriotism or high public spirit of even Mr. Cobbett himself ! ( Hear , hear ! ) felt extremely hurt that the indiscreet language of the hon . and learned gentleman should go out to the public , as bidding the army look up to Mr. Cobbett for redress instead of their own officers . ( Hear , hear ) could not understand how the substitution of death for flogging was rendering the military code less sanguinary than it was at present represented to be . strongly censured the idea of bidding the army of the country look up to Mr. Cobbett and receive their instructions from him , as if he could know more of military matters than those who have spent their lives in the service . observed , that if the hon . and learned gentleman had had any clause to propose , then the discussion which had now taken place would not have been lost ; but , as it was , he must express his sorrow that so much time had been spent without any effective progress having been made in the Bill . called the attention of the Committee to this subject , as practiced in Ireland and Scotland , where , contrary to the practice in England , soldiers were liable to be billeted in private families . This , he stated , had been found to be a very serious and oppressive burden , even when fairly and equally laid on ; but , in the mode in which it was occasionally administered , it had been experienced to be an evil hardly capable