sum of 800,000l . a year . The parliament had all the revenues then under their eye , yet they granted him the 264 sum already mentioned , leaving to him in addition whatever was not included in the aggregate fund , so that the Droits of Admiralty were his own , unless it could be proved that an improper use had been made of those Droits by ministers . If a case had been made out by his hon . and learned friend , imputing to ministers the fact of having corruptly taken and corruptly applied that fund , there would then have been some ground for the motion ; but as the question stood , they were to decide whether they would take it away , because it was possible that it might be misapplied . There was no part of the revenue to which the same argument might not be applied with the same justice . It appeared to him , on these grounds , which he had stated as shortly as he could to the House ; that the motion was unnecessary , and therefore he should oppose it . declared , he had not intended to take part in this discussion , but from what he had heard , begged shortly to deliver his opinion on the two points into which the question had been so properly divided . He agreed , that the right to these Droits , from the Conquest to the present day , was vested entirely in the king . But when any revenue was so vested , '' there were vested with it corelative duties to be performed . Of old , when the kings of England held lands and other : sources of revenue , they were bound to protect the country , to be at the expence of carrying war into , foreign parts , and perform other services for the realm . The same mode existed in some arbitrary governments at this day , but in England they had made one of the greatest improvements ever thought of in politics , by separating the revenue , and granting it for particular purposes . No man was inclined to go farther than he was in the amount he would appropriate to the support of the crown and all the royal family , though he could have wished that the civil list had been voted solely and clearly to the king , and that ambassadors and great officers had been provided for by other grants . But if the old hereditary revenues of the crown were continued , the old hereditary duties ought also to continue . As for meeting the excess of the civil list out of this fund , he must consider any other source better than one so uncertain and precarious . Although he was convinced that the argument of war being entered on to increase this fund was merely theoretic , yet even theory so dangerous 265 ought to be guarded against . It was said , that this was not a proper time to cavil about a bargain which had been made to last till the end of the reign . To this he would agree , had they not been called on to raise other money for the crown ; but as it was , he was convinced they ought not to levy fresh supplies , till it was shewn that former grants had been insufficient . He had ever thought a limited monarchy the best mode of government ; but he held , that with respect to a king as with respect to a senate , there ought to be no property in their possession , not applicable to the service of the state . On this ground he was for carrying the amount of this fund to the public stock , or at any rate for leaving it with parliament to dispose of , giving out of it as much , and no stinted sum , as was fit to support the crown , and all its dependencies , in dignity and splendour . , while he conceived the Droits of