always greatly over-rated in the army estimates , by the events of deaths , marriages , and other casualties , which considerably diminish it . Still , Sir , I have no wish for any tenure of this appointment beyond the decided sense and pleasure of this House , and intirely submit it with the utmost respect to their favourable construction and judgment . For the recollection of the most kind , handsome and liberal beyond my merit , tributes which have been paid to my character , private and personal , by so many honourable and highly respectable gentlemen , in the course of the several discussions which this subject has already undergone , I shall ever be most grateful for , and it will be a reward to my feelings of greater value than any other I could receive upon earth . thought it a monstrous and intolerable proposition to grant 2,790l . a year to a person who had such slender claims on the public , on the very night when they were voting only 2,000l . to the earl of Wellington , and would give his entire concurrence to the motion of the hon . gentleman . observed , that the filling up of the office had not been done from ignorance of the Report of the Commissioners alluded to : that was not the ground upon which the transaction was to be defended . The appointment , in fact , of the hon . colonel , did not form the slightest impediment to parliament exercising its rights , just the same as if the appointment had not taken place . When the grant of it was made to colonel 903 M'Mahon by his Royal Highness , there was nothing stipulated which could afford the slightest claim for its being retained as a matter of right , in opposition to the will of parliament . On the contrary , it was expressly stated , that he was to receive it as an office likely to undergo the discussion of parliament—likely to undergo a reform—likely even to be abolished ; and if so , he could have no claim to oppose to such reformation , or to such abolition . There was nothing , therefore , to preclude the hon . member from making his motion , nothing to impede any one in giving his vote upon that motion—as far as regarded either the one or the other , it was as if the office still remained unfilled . He would wish to know , therefore , what had been done , in appointing colonel M'Mahon , which could be construed into flying in the face of parliament , when the very way in which the appointment was made was one which left it free to the discussion and to the disposal of parliament ? In that committee which had been alluded to , it was a distinct specification that no sinecures should be abolished without a previous consideration how those who held them should be otherwise rewarded ; and it was a question for parliament to consider , what reward might be justly due in this case . The services , the civil services , which the hon . colonel had performed for his prince , gave him a claim upon the generosity of his royal master . The right hon . gentleman then stated what had been the specific intention of the committee in recommending the abolition of this office ; and concluded by observing , that whatever might be the sense of the committee , of the House , or of parliament on the subject , he trusted , at least , that no one would concur with the hon . gentleman in thinking that the office had been granted in such a way as could be interpreted into a violation of the express declarations of that House . merely wished to ask the right hon . gentleman , whether he thought the hon . colonel , for whom he sincerely professed a very high esteem , really executed that description of high and effective office which was meant by the Resolutions alluded to