. The place in question had certainly been condemned thirty years ago , as an useless sinecure , by a very respectable commission . That condemnation had been since confirmed by committees of the House of Commons . But he must agree with the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that as no parliamentary proceedings had followed the reports of those committees , the right hon . gentleman would not have been authorised to say the place ought not to have been given . He lamented that the tone of his hon . friend who had just spoken , seemed to have been changed with respect to colonel M'Mahon . Although there had been many objections made to the grant itself , yet until the speech of his hon . friend , no objection had been adduced against the person on whom the grant was conferred . His hon . friend also accused the right hon . gentleman of selecting that person , with the view of gaining an undue influence , by humouring an undue prepossession on the part of his 930 Royal Highness in favour of colonel M'Mahon . He knew nothing of the motives of those who advised the Prince Regent on this subject ; but he confessed , that he doubted whether his hon . friend really believed that such was their object . He certainly did think that the place ought to have been abolished ; and he sincerely wished that colonel M'Mahon had never accepted it . But the present proceeding appeared to him to be unjust and unfair . Why not bring forward a direct motion against the place , and not make a proposition which seemed to be as much directed against colonel M'Mahon as the office ? With respect to colonel M'Mahon , no one had enjoyed a better opportunity of knowing that gentleman than himself , and he was persuaded , that a more sincere , a more disinterested , and a more independent man , was no where to be found . Even in the present question , colonel M'Mahon had no interest ; for it was not to be supposed that if the decision of parliament compelled him to relinquish the office conferred upon him , his royal master would fail to remunerate his faithful services in some other way . , in explanation , disclaimed passing the slightest imputation on colonel M'Mahon . On the contrary , he had pointed out a lucrative and honourable office which in his opinion might have been with propriety conferred on that gentleman . His right hon . friend had mistaken his observations on influence . What he had said was , that the votes of that House would be more influenced by the consideration that colonel M'Mahon was the person filling the obnoxious situation , than they would have been , had any other individual been so circumstanced . said , that in the view he took of the question he would fail in the duty he owed to the public and to himself , did he not assign reasons for the line of conduct he should pursue , and for withholding his support from the amendment , which , giving every credit to the honourable mover for his intentions , seemed inadequate to relieve the public in any sensible degree , though it might deceive them by inducing a belief that thier interests were regularly watched , notwithstanding that this House had suffered the reports of various committees on the subject of measures to lie dormant on the table , some of them for a period of 30 years . It appeared to him that the blame 931 which had been so lavishly bestowed on the Regent and his advisers was due to the House , whose duty it was to revise and consider of the propriety of enforcing the opinions expressed by its committees . It was not for his Royal Highness or his ministers to judge of the fitness of enforcing their decisions , and he was the more confirmed in this belief by a Bill be held in his hand , prohibiting the