that all those officers of this part of the Household , whom his Majesty had been in the practice of appointing , should , when the proposed establishment was carried into effect , be thereafter directly appointed by the Queen ; and that the inferior officers of the Household should receive their appointments in the same way as had been customary in times past . With regard to the mode of providing for the expences of this establishment , he thought it would be better to take annually a sum out of the Civil List revenue , equal to the estimated charges of the Household . If the charges should turn out more than the estimate , then application should be made to the Treasury for defraying this expence , who again should submit the sum to Parliament , to be voted for out of the supplies of the year . If any surplus should remain after defraying all the charges of the Household , then provision should be made that this surplus be paid into the Treasury . He had now to state , that according to the estimate which had been made , the annual sum of 100,000l . would be sufficient to discharge all the disbursements which his Majesty 's Household would require , including also the salaries of the various officers whom he had enumerated . This estimate was founded on the expenditure at Windsor , during the year ending the 5th of July 1811 , and would fully cover any additional expenditure that might arise from the appointment of any of the officers he had mentioned ; as it was to be considered , that there would not , in future , be any reason for keeping up the same number of equipages and horses , as belonged to the 157 establishment at Windsor last year . Indeed , it would be perfectly extravagant to make any such supposition ; and as the whole of the charges last year at Windsor , amounted to about 108,000l . he was justified in taking 100,000l . the sum he had formerly stated , as being sufficient to cover the expences of the establishment , including the salaries to the officers . In this way , ample means would be provided for , supporting the dignity and comfort which should surround his Majesty 's person , and due checks would be formed against any unnecessary expenditure . The next particular to which he conceived it his duty to call the attention of the Committee , was an arrangement for the situation of her Majesty , the Queen . It could not be expected that she should continue ( as she had hitherto done in so exemplary a manner ) stationary ; and it could not be doubted , that if for her health or amusement she should find it necessary to remove to any other part , a greater ex-pence must be incurred , to meet which some increased provision ought to be made . This increase to the establishment of the Queen under all the circumstances , he was of opinion , ought to be permanent , and not for a few months ; and therefore he should propose , that an annual addition of 10,000l . to her Majesty 's income should be paid out of the Civil List . This would enable her Majesty to meet those expences which must inevitably be attached to her situation , under the proposed arrangement of his Majesty 's Household . The next thing to which he would direct the attention of the Committee , was to the Pensions and Allowances which his Majesty used permanently to bestow on the objects of his bounty . Those charges were always and very properly taken out of the privy purse ; and as the Committee would certainly think it necessary to continue those grants , he imagined that there was no necessity for making any difference with regard to the fund out of which they should be satisfied . It was right , however , that some audit should be established with respect to those accounts ; and for that purpose