the first step taken was a private and most amicable admonition to the leaders of the Catholic body , apprising them of the illegality of the course which they were pursuing , and , at the same time , intimating the determination of the government to enforce the law . This admonition having proved ineffectual , a proclamation was issued by the government , declaring the law , and announcing an intention to execute its provisions.—The elections to the proposed assembly proceeded ; the violation of the law continued ; and the 436 government of Ireland found no alternative , but to suffer the law to be violated with impunity , or to disperse , the Convention , under the provisions of the Act of 1793 , and to prosecute , at the bar of the King 's bench , the persons concerned in violating that act . Then followed the proceedings at that bar ; their lordships would be instructed by studying those proceedings : they would admire the powerful eloquence of the Irish bar , and the learning , temper , firmness , and dignity , of that most respectable , pure , and upright court , which had sanctioned , by a solemn and unanimous judgment , the legality of the acts of the executive government in Ireland , and had established the law , which the lord lieutenant had vindicated , by proclamation , by the interference of the magistracy , and by public prosecution . Where , in the whole course of this transaction , could the noble earl find a resting place for his accusation ? Neither in the original object of the law of 1793 , nor in its letter , nor in its spirit , nor in the candour and clearness with , which its provisions were explained and declared , nor in the moderation and lenity with which they were ultimately and reluctantly enforced , nor in the unanimous judgment of the court of King 's bench , confirming the just interpretation of the law , after long and assiduous argument , and patient and solemn trial . Where was the semblance of a suspicion , that the right of petition had been invaded ? Were not all the legitimate , accustomed channels of petitioning open , free , easy of access , and ready , even with the aid of his Majesty 's representative in Ireland , to speed the prayers and wishes of his people to the foot of his throne and to the bar of his parliament ? Was every channel of petitioning dishonourable , excepting that which was unlawful ? Was it undignified to address parliament , excepting through a mock parliament , formed in contempt of the law , and whose very constitution would insult the legislature , which it affected to petition ? Their lordships could not admit , that on these points the noble earl had established any justification of his proposed inquiry . Had the noble earl proved , that the government of Ireland had endeavoured to frustrate the claims of the Catholics , or to prejudice the cause of that respectable body , by checking the precipitate career of those who managed , or rather misma- 437 naged that great cause in Ireland ? No greater injury could be offered to that cause , than by presenting it to the sovereign , or to the legislature , in the odious form of a wanton violation of the law , an outrage upon the legal authority of the crown and the state , and an insult upon the established government of the realm . The greatest enemy to the Roman Catholics of Ireland could not clothe their petition in a garb more repulsive . An illegal Convention was not the natural parent of a respectful petition . The lord lieutenant , therefore , had acted most amicably towards the Catholics , as well as most prudently towards the state , when his grace had advised their leaders to relinquish the insane project of petitioning by Convention , and to resort to the ancient ways of the law and constitution , consecrated by the