still to be persevered in ? Rumour said it was , —so far at least as Spain was concerned , and that the right hon . gentleman was still to conduct it . For that right hon . gentleman he had a great personal respect , but the system he was pursuing was a bad one . Every beneficial measure proposed by that right hon . gentleman should have his support , but when he conceived a measure to be injurious , he must do his duty by opposing it . On the present occasion , if the right hon . gentleman fulfilled his duty to the country , he would agree that the House should go into a committee to consider of the unprecedented situation in which the nation was placed . If the right hon . gentleman resisted this proposition , then the House ought to address the Prince Regent , to inform his Royal Highness that he was wrong in surrendering his own judgment to those who counselled him to persevere in the present system ; —that œconomy was absolutely necessary for the preservation of the country ; —that reform in every department was loudly required ; —and that a continuance of the existing order of things would overturn the constitution , and with it the throne , which his Royal Highness was called upon to fill . It would be the duty of the House to state these things to his Royal Highness , in respectful yet in firm and bold terms . For himself he should not have discharged his duty if he had not , though an humble individual , ventured on the task which he had now executed . If we did not agree to take a review of our situation , the result must be ruin . To avoid this was the object of his motion . He begged forgiveness of the House for having trespassed so long on their indulgence ; but he was conscious that in what he had said he had been actuated by a sense of duty , and by the purest motives . He concluded by moving `` That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House , to take into consideration the State of the Nation . '' rose to second the motion . He said , that he would not touch en all the topics which had been elucidated by his hon . friend , but content himself with an humbler flight . He would not follow his hon . friend into every region of the world through which he had wandered , to the delight and instruction of those who had the good fortune to hear his oration ; but would confine himself to themes of more interest , though perhaps less susceptible 1001 of being adorned by eloquence . He would confine himself to home . He wished to awaken the first lord of the Treasury from the golden dreams which visited his pillow , and to admonish him that if ever there was a time when it was incumbent on us to look with a stedfast eye on our resources , it was the present . All that the right hon . gentleman seemed to think the House had to do was to furnish him with the ways and means fur the supplies he wanted . If the gentlemen who sat in that House were indeed the representatives of the people , they should duly inquire whether the people were really able to afford those sums of which they were drained by votes of that House , without the least attention to œconomy . One of the principal duties of the representatives of the people was to ascertain what were the resources of the country , and give information thereof to ministers . Through such a channel alone could ministers obtain proper information on that subject—from the creatures by whom they were surrounded they could not obtain it ; they were interested in the continuance of a war , and the more interested the more expensive it was , and the more ruinous to the country . The