. See Vol . 19 , p. 272 , 577 Letter . It was said , that a proclamation would have shewn that there did not exist any intention of taking the people by surprise ; that it must have had great weight with the people , and great authority from the sanction of the great law-officers of the crown . Feeling all this , and giving it all the weight it deserved , the lord lieutenant , before he received an answer to his dispatch , considered that it would be highly desirable , notwithstanding the conduct of the Catholics , to proceed with mildness ; and , thinking that it was impossible that lord Fingall and the other respectable persons at the head of the Roman Catholic body , could willingly fly in the face of the law , of the known determination of government , and of the avowed opinion of parliament , his grace ordered me , on the 22nd instant , to see his lordship . On the 25th , it not being convenient to him to come sootier , lord Fingall called upon me . I told his lordship that the lord lieutenant had desired me to acquaint him , that the very high respect he entertained for him , and the thorough good opinion he had of his loyalty and public spirit , had induced him to direct me to express to his lordship , that , from the Resolutions which had appeared in the newspapers , with his name affixed to them , and also from some accounts which had been published of some returns of representatives from parishes in Dublin , for the purpose of forming a meeting of delegates , of the nature stated in those Resolutions , and which it was the opinion of his Majesty 's law servants would be illegal ; his grace was apprehensive that the Catholics were about to proceed in a manner which would make it necessary for his Majesty 's government to take their conduct into serious consideration , with a view to those measures to which it might be his duty to resort ; that I was therefore to communicate with his lordship upon the subject : in order that he might be apprised of the lord lieutenant 's feelings upon it . I pointed out to his lordship the danger that was likely to result from the meeting of a committee so constituted , and I entered into a comparison between the Resolutions of the committee passed in May , 1809 , ( readopted in 1810 , ) and those passed on the 9th of July last . I observed , that in the former all representation was denied , but that in the latter , no such reserve was made . I did not attempt to compare either of the committees with those of 578 former days , as has been done by the learned gentleman . Lord Fingall would have laughed at me if I had done so , for he really knows something of Ireland.—Lord Fingall said , that he was of opinion , that the addition of the peers and the prelates to the committee would give such a preponderance to the loyal and temperate , that no mischief need be apprehended . I beg the House will mark the absurdity of this . We were to trust to the high rank , authority , and loyalty of the peers and prelates , to guard us against the mischief we apprehended , when it was well known that in the preceding year , when the committee was not near so numerous , neither lord Fingall nor his friends could check the violence and intemperance of the factious part of it . I reminded his lordship of what passed last year in the committee , when he , lord Ffrench , and others , were so disgusted that they were under the necessity of seceding . I told him that the introduction of ten persons from each county would , in all probability , add to the preponderance of the democratic part of the committee over the peers