an easy task for gentlemen to say 488 there were acts of severity exercised by the magistracy , but they had no evidence , no facts , to bear them out in this statement . Was this the way to maintain and uphold the character of the magistracy ? But the hon . baronet said they were protected by the broad shield of that House , and he stated , as his grounds for this assertion of the severity of the magistracy , something he had seen in the newspapers . He would ask the hon . baronet himself whether he would ground any proceeding on a bare statement in a newspaper ? As to the severity which was asserted with respect to Alblas , there were circumstances of suspicion which led the magistrates to believe that he was on a given time at a given place ; they did not require of him to criminate himself , though if he could have given a satisfactory account of himself during that period , the case would bear a very different complexion , and the magistrates would not have acted properly if they had not given him an opportunity of accounting for that time . The individual who put an end to himself to evade justice was taken up op mere suspicion ; would the hon . baronet say he ought not to have been , detained ? Was the hon . baronet prepared to say that all persons taken up on suspicion ought to be discharged ? But there was the greatest degree of harshness and injustice in the manner in which the conduct of the magistrates upon that occasion was animadverted upon by that House . One hon . gentleman charged them with not sufficient exertion , another started up and charged them with being too severe . For all these reasons he saw no grounds whatever for the present motion . thought a great part of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's speech should have been made before the original motion , for if he could not prevail on the House in the first instance , they could not now concur with him in thinking the present motion was wrong . He denied that any imputation had been thrown on the police magistrates by the hon . baronet ; no such imputation was intended . Some of them were personally known to him , and highly respectable . He knew no individual more so , than the worthy magistrate , Mr. Graham . But the police system was altogether an object of jealousy . And he well recollected the exertions of an hon . friend , now no more , ( Mr. Windham ) against that system , which he considered an infringement on the 489 liberty of the subject ; this was the objection of the hon . baronet ; this was the object of jealousy of which the House complained . The right hon . gentleman called on the hon . baronet to substantiate his charges ; that was not necessary ; it was more important to know whether those police magistrates , from a state of independence , had become dependent . But it was said , that by making these returns , the magistrates would become liable to danger . What danger would they be exposed to ? He should be glad that some of the learned gentlemen opposite would point out to him , whether they would he in more danger than if a common informer were to prosecute ? Would he not be capable of bringing proof of the want of qualification ? And why should the House of Commons be refused that which an informer could procure ? If , therefore , no other mode should be pointed out , he should feel it his duty to support the present motion . wished to know what grounds the House had against these persons , that they should call on them for their qualifications ? The legislature had already provided a remedy ; they were subject to a heavy penalty . He assured the hon . gentleman ,