Though he believed no person now in existence , who was in that House , was any more capable of making an improper use of the precedent that would be established , if Mr. Walsh were expelled , than himself , yet when they were all no more , posterity would have a right to ask of the House on what principle the precedent was established ( if it were established ) , which was thus made in 1812 , a precedent which might afterwards in the hands of bad men be productive of the most mischievous consequences . The case of Mr. Walsh was a case between individuals . Many breaches of trust equally gross had come before the courts of equity , without its ever being thought of to follow them up in the manner now proposed . The notoriety of the offence had been insisted on , as a ground why they should come to the vote proposed , but that sort of notoriety which had been described was not what parliament could proceed upon . No divorce bills could ever pass without the fact of adultery being proved at their bar , and yet the offence on which the application to parliament in such a case was grounded was as notorious as the transaction in which Mr. Walsh was concerned . If a breach of trust were confessed in the court of Chancery by a member , though there the questions put , and the answers given , could be brought much more distinctly before parliament , still no man could tell what the facts of the case were ; at least no man could , in a parliamentary sense , be said to know what they were . Would the House enter into an enquiry into such a subject , or would they bring forward the incomplete record of a conviction at the Old Bailey , which could not stand , and proceed upon that ? Was the House to be made subservient to such transactions ? He apprehended not . It had never been so used before . However Mr. Walsh had , in the present instance , disgraced himself in the eyes of society , he thought the House could not take cognizance of the action . The hon . and learned gentleman said , his opinions were of so little weight that he was aware they would influence nobody else ; but he wished to guard against establishing so dangerous a precedent as that which the motion went to establish ; and , acting up to what be conceived to be his duty , he certainly should 1184 not concur with the proposition before the House . acknowledged the great legal abilities and qualifications of the last speaker , yet thought that it was impossible they could be more misplaced or misapplied than on the present occasion . The hon . and learned gentleman had stated , that an arbitrary discretion should not be allowed to the House . If the hon . and learned gentleman meant that the proceedings of the House should not be suffered to be capricious and vindictive , he fully agreed with him ; but if he meant that the House should be bound by strict technical rules , he entirely dissented from that opinion , and had a very different idea of the constitution of parliament . As to immoralities committed by members of parliament , he did not see how they affected the present case . Such immoralities might exist without injury to the public official character of a man , but the conduct of Mr. Walsh was marked with peculiar turpitude ; and breaches of trust were precisely of a nature to affect the characters of members of parliament , as members . He felt no desire of purifying the House ; and had he conceived that the present motion was the result of ministerial influence , or party feeling , or private spleen , he would not have given it his support : but it stood on different grounds , —on transactions which had passed in a public court of justice . The