of the 28th of the King to lace frames as well as stocking frames , he should have thought it desirable ; but he knew no way in which the purpose of the measure was to be collected except from the right hon . mover himself , or from the words of the Bill , by which he understood , that it was to be made capital in both instances to destroy frames . Now , if ever a legislature took a wrong step , it was when there existed a degree of indignation against persons who had committed violent aggressions against private property and public peace . On that part of the subject he was far from being convinced by the right hon . gentleman who supported the Bill . Here were offences against which a law existed enforced by no light punishment . Had the punishment been tried , or the law enforced ? Before any one asked him to extend the punishment and to make it capital , he ought to prove that the law had been enforced , and had been found ineffectual , and then he might have a right to call for the enactment of capital punishment , but not till then . But that was not the case here , for he did not find that there had been any prosecution upon the 28th of the King , and perhaps there had been no occasion for it ; so there was no authority to say that the law was not fully adequate to its purpose , except the necessity of extending it to the breaking of lace frames . But why was not the law enforced ? Because the difficulty of detection prevented it . Would capital punishment increase the means of detection ? If the difficulty of convicting offenders consisted in the reluctance of witnesses , was there any thing in the nature of capital punishment which would lessen that reluctance ? He apprehended not . The only remaining principle on which the right hon . gentleman recommended the measure to the House was , that it 836 would operate to excite terror ; but how many instances were there of proofs to the contrary ? And had not the House been lately engaged with the reverse of the proposition ? He then commented on the precipitation with which the Bill had been hurried through the House ; and hoped they would pause before they proceeded further . No one could deny the necessity of some protection being afforded to the property of the persons injured ; but he conceived always , that the question for the second reading of a Bill was the proper period to protest against its principle ; for , if that was defective , the committee would be useless . Objecting as be did to the principle of the measure , be should oppose it in its present stage . said , that having already spoken fully on the subject of this Bill , it would be unnecessary for him to do more now , than to make a few observations on what had fallen from hon . members in the course of the debate . The hon . and learned gentleman , who had just sat down , had objected to the punishment of death being enacted by this Bill ; and for the reason , that no trial had been made of the efficacy of the penalty of transportation , because not one prosecution had taken place . The hon . and learned gentleman thought , therefore , that making the destruction of lace frames liable to the same punishment as that of stocking frames , namely , transportation , would answer the purpose . How , then , would the matter stand , according to the argument of the hon . and learned gentleman ? The preamble of the Bill must run thus , `` Where as the punishment of transportation exists against the breaking of stocking frames , and has been found ineffectual ; therefore it is thought necessary , that the same punishment should be extended to the breaking of lace frames