of what had fallen from the right hon . baronet . The right hon . baronet had stated to the committee the manner in which the board of charitable donations was formed , and when it was known that it was composed of the archbishops , bishops , and judges of Ireland , the committee , be was sure , would not suspect that such a board could act in the improper manner stated by the right hon . baronet . This was not the first time that the board of charitable donations had been arraigned . He had heard charges of a similar kind preferred before , in consequence of which he had sent for the secretary of that board , to ask for an account of their proceedings . It turned out , that during the twelve years that this board had been established , it had instituted only fifteen prosecutions , all under the opinion of the attorney general for the time being ; of these fifteen prosecutions , only two had been brought '' against persons of the Roman Catholic religion . In one of these two cases , the 1225 commissioners found that a sum which had been left by a Roman Catholic to endow an hospital had not been applied , and they interfered , to compel the performance of the will . The consequence was , that the bequest was carried into effect , and an hospital , in the town of New Ross , for Roman Catholics only , was erected by the means of these commissioners . The other case was the one alluded to by the right hon . baronet ; it was the case of Mrs. Power , of Water-ford , who had left a large sum for charitable uses ; but this money having been left to two Roman Catholic bishops and their successors for ever , Mr. Plunket , the attorney general , entertained a doubt whether these Roman Catholic bishops could be considered as a corporation , and also doubting the legality of some of the other bequests , he advised the commissioners to institute proceedings in the court of Chancery . Before those proceedings were brought to a close , the heir at law came over and commenced proceedings to set aside the will altogether , on the ground that it was made under undue influence . This was the real cause of the unfortunate widows mentioned by the right hon . baronet being deprived of their asylum ; it was the act of the heir at law , and not of the commissioners . It appeared therefore that the right hon . baronet had been wholly misinformed upon this subject , for he was sure he would not intentionally misrepresent the facts . The sum now asked for was only 600l . which was to pay the secretary of this board , and to provide stationary ; for the members acted gratuitously . He wished to mention , before he sat down , that by the exertion of this board , two of the principal charities of Dublin , which were open alike to Catholics and to Protestants , had received , and were now enjoying very considerable sums of money . said , he did not mean to speak disrespectfully of the board , but he believed that the names of the bishops and judges were inserted honoris causd , and he ventured to say , that they scarcely ever attended . The fact was , he believed , that the board was principally under the direction of Dr. Duigenan , and therefore could not be supposed to be very favourable to the Roman Catholics . said , that the best answer that could be given to the observation of the right hon . baronet respecting ' the disposition of the board , towards Catholics was , 1226 that in the course of twelve years , only one Catholic bequest had been interfered with , and that was by the advice of Mr. Attorney-general Plunket . He begged to repeat , that it was owing to the interference of the heir at law