carried as far as respect for the constitution , and a due regard to its security , would admit . Much had been said about the rights of mankind—about the rights of the Irish Catholics to the privileges and immunities which they claimed . Would the noble lords who started this question of right , contend that the Irish Catholics could claim those privileges and exemptions as matter of right ? Would they assert that the question of right properly belonged to the situation of the Irish Catholics : If they did , then must they be also prepared to assert that it did not belong to their lordships ' House ; that neither this nor the other House of parliament , nor both together , had the right to impose restrictions on any class of men , even were those restrictions deemed necessary for the security of persons and property , and for the general good and welfare of the community at large.—He should not enter into any minute discussion of the tendency and nature of religious opinions merely in their speculative form . He wished to consider them only as they might shew themselves practically , and how far that practice was or was not inimical to government . Under this point of view , he would consider the claims of the Catholics ; and ask what had been refused to them or , rather , what had not been granted to them within the space of a very few , years ? And , after all these concessions , of what did they now complain , and what did they further require ? Their complaint , it seemed , was now reduced to this , that they were still precluded from holding certain offices in the state 420 On this point they were at issue with parliament , and would their advocates contend that as a matter of right they could claim an admissibility to those high offices ; This was the real state of the question . If that doctrine was set up , he for one would not hesitate to declare that it was not tenable . He was as solicitous as any noble lord could be for the better improvement of the condition of Ireland . But would the granting of the present claims of the Catholics contribute in the least to that improvement ? He thought not : neither could he see the danger of withholding such a grant . At a distance , some appearances would indicate dangers . Those dangers , however , diminished as we approached them , and vanished altogether upon a nearer view.—The noble lord then proceeded to vindicate the late conduct of the Irish government , and to shew that the spirit which animated that conduct was in no respect hostile to the right of petitioning , or to any other right to which the Catholics had a fair claim ? Where , then , were the grounds of the invectives which the noble duke had heaped upon the conduct of that government towards the Roman Catholics ? What prejudice or severity had been manifested with respect to them ? Were not the persons of the Roman Catholics held as sacred , and was not their property kept as secure as those of their Protestant fellow subjects ? Let the noble duke adduce one instance of flagrant partiality towards the Protestants , and of prejudice and severity against the Catholics , and he would then acknowledge there were some grounds for enquiry . Let it even be shown that the operation of the Convention Act would be less injurious to the Protestants than to the Catholics , if the former should act in violation of that law . If the Protestants , under the pretence of petitioning the King or parliament , or any other pretence whatsoever , should delegate and assemble 500 persons of the first respectability and weight among them ; if that assembly were to meet and deliberate , and thus form a representative body , independent of the legislature , would the government be justified in allowing such proceedings to go on without