of Essling and Asperne had been fought on the 21st and 26th of May ; and on the 28th of July , three weeks after the battle of Wagram , that laid Austria at the foot of France , sailed the Walcheren Expedition , to co-operate at Flushing with the ruins of the Austrian army in Bohemia ! ( hear , hear ! ) —But he should not dwell on the melancholy catastrophe—11,000 brave men left , for three months , to rot in the most pestilential climate in Europe , and then the whole object of the expedition totally abandoned ! Though , indeed , they had been gravely told , by a right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Yorke , ) that the expedition had in part succeeded in its object , because , forsooth , we had destroyed a basin ! And here he could not help observing upon the strange conduct of a right hon . gentleman then in his Majesty 's councils ( Mr. Canning , ) in not openly declaring his real sentiments of the noble lord 's utter incompetency for the situation he then filled : such a declaration must have compelled the noble lord to retire , or at least have saved the country the dis- 993 grace and losses attendant on that Expedition . But what above all had been the conduct of that House ? Had they brought the noble lord to trial by impeachment ? Had they impeached the right hon . gentleman for continuing to act with one whom he believed utterly incompetent ? Had they condemned the Expedition and impeached the authors of it ? No ; so far from it , they had passed a vote of approbation upon that Expedition— ( hear , hear ! from Mr. Perceval and others ! ) —and was not this a ground for inquiry ? —He knew that the right hon . gentleman , the minister of the country , thought himself invulnerable , and regarded the attacks of such humble men as himself as mere flea-bites.—But what would the country say , what would posterity say of such a vote ? what would future historians say of it ? Upon the noble lord 's quitting office , —the only good effect of that Expedition , —the rage for expeditions somewhat subsided ; but now that he saw the noble lord sitting where he did , he could not divest himself of all apprehension that more expeditions , as honourable and as advantageous to the country as that to Walcheren , might probably be tried . With regard to the means afforded by Spain , and their proportion to the end they had in view , or whether any cooperation it could afford to this country , would be sufficient to bring the struggle in which it was engaged to a favourable termination , that was a question which he should much like to hear discussed , and one , upon the result of which he thought the future efforts of this country should depend . What , he would ask , was the situation of Spain at present ? He might be told that the Spanish government was changed , but he found it had undergone no material alteration . Badajoz , Gerona , Tortosa , Valencia , and almost every place of strength in the country , was in the hands of the French , and nothing more than one or two fortresses in the hands of the Spaniards themselves . The armies of Spain were not improved ; —her government had hot improved . This situation of affairs afforded no great probability of success ; and to subject the country to such enormous expenditure , without a prospect of terminating the struggle to the advantage of Great Britain and her allies , was not certainly the part of wisdom . He would not consent to go on incurring such vast expences , unless there was some hope afforded of bringing the business to a 994 speedy termination ; but he was sorry to say , that no such hope could be entertained . The conduct of