recommendations contained in the reports respecting the abolition of sinecures and places . It would be impossible for the House to remove the scandal which attached to it in consequence of the number of placemen on the benches , until they took the reports to which he alluded into due consideration . Not only had no attempt been made to deorease the number of placemen who were members of that House , but the evil had even been aggravated . Since the last session , three new offices , the Clerk of the Council , the Marshal of the Admiralty , and the Paymaster of the Widows ' Pensions , had been given to members of Parliament . The situation of a Master in Chancery had also been conferred on another member , evidently for no reason , but for his political conduct . There was also an old member of that House , ( sir John Sinclair ) , long known as an indefatigable agriculturist , who had suddenly been made a Collector of the Excise . Could it be believed , that the office of Marshal of the Admiralty was conferred on the individual who enjoyed it , for any thing but his vote in that House ? Could it be believed , that the offices of Master in Chancery , and Collector of the Excise , were conferred on the individuals who enjoyed them , for any thing but their votes in that House ? Was all this right , amidst the distresses in which the country was involved ? The motion with which he meant to conclude would be a general one , that he might not be accused of taking any member by surprise ; but he felt the imperious duty , surrounded as they were by the influence of the crown ; an influence continually increasing , and exercised in defiance of all decency—to endeavour to call the attention of Parliament to this important subject . One of the places to which he had alluded , he should wish to speak of with a great delicacy . He meant the office bellowed on colonel M'Mahon . He had the good fortune to be well acquainted with that gentleman , and he sincerely believed that a more honest and faithful servant never lived in the court of any prince whatever . Any reward that might be given colonel M'Mahon by his royal master was an act not of grace , but of justice . But he insisted that those who had advised his royal highness the Prince 114 Regent to do what he had done , had been guilty of gross injustice to colonel M'Mahon , and gross injustice to the people of England . They had placed col. M'Mahon in a most invidious situation , and they had advised the Prince Regent to commit a great outrage on the House of Commons . Twenty-nine years ago it was stated in the 10th Report of the Commissioners for Public Accounts , that the office of Paymaster of Widows ' Pensions was a perfect sinecure , that it was useless , and that it ought to be abolished . In one of the Reports of the Commissioners of Military Inquiry presented to the House four years ago ; the Commissioners referred to the former report of the Commissioners of Public Accounts , confirmed the opinion therein given , and stated , that on the decease of the patentee , general Fox , they presumed that the office would be abolished . Since the last session general Fox had died , and in the face of the two reports which he had mentioned , the ministers of the crown had advised his royal highness the Prince Regent to confer the office on colonel M'Mahon . Where was the use of naming commissioners , of placing gentlemen in an invidious situation , and of involving them in a multiplicity of fatigues , if the crown continued to give places in spite of the opinions which those commissioners declared ? In his opinion , Parliament ought to offer to the Prince Regent , with respect and humility , their