not wish to vote any censure on their conduct , he would vindicate the right of inquiry . The right hon . gentleman had said , that the point of law was in favour of the ministers of the crown.—But . allowing that the point of law was against them , the right hon . gentleman had contended , that if they were advised to act , as they did , by the legal advisers of the crown , they would still be morally right . He wished the right hon . gentleman to recollect , however , that if in this way they were legally wrong and morally right , he had been making the very best apology for the Roman Catholics . They were men , and liable to err as well as ministers ; they had acted under the advice of eminent lawyers , as well as ministers ; and if they had transgressed the law they were not to be considered guilty , but only in error . With respect to the Convention bill , he remembered very well the period when it had passed . At that time he not only voted against it , but spoke against it ; for in his opinion it was liable to one great objection , namely , that of declaring that all representative delegations , for the purpose of procuring alterations in Church and State , were illegal . He then remembered that Ireland owed 665 some of her greatest advantages to representative delegates ; he remembered the delegates at Dungannon ; he remembered the Convention which preceded the grants to the Catholics , in 1793 ; he remembered that these delegations had been , in some degree , acknowledged by the legislature ; for the petition which was presented from the Catholic delegates , and transmitted to both Houses of Parliament , received the countenance of a majority of both those Houses . This act casted reflections on some of the greatest and proudest periods of our history ; it casted reflections on the Convention from which England had derived one of the greatest blessings which she had ever enjoyed—the Convention of 1688 ; it was saying that the title to the crown of his present Majesty was unlawful ; it was saying that the Revolution was unlawful . If it had been wished to pass an act of attainder on all those who had been instrumental in placing king William on the throne of these realms , the preamble would have been materially the same as that of the Convention act . He could not conceive how it was possible to declare the principle of Conventions on all occasions , and for all purposes , unlawful , though he could conceive a time when Conventions for some purposes might be dangerous . We owed our privileges to the existence of Conventions , and we owed the preservation of them to the infrequency of Conventions ; therefore , though be would defend the principle of Convention , he would not defend their frequency . The Catholics had had examples set them by their Catholic brethren ; and , admitting the illegality , the censure against their conduct was not the less unfounded ; and supposing the Catholics had assembled without the sanction of the law as to the manner in which they were to claim their privileges , that was but a poor argument against the privileges themselves . If the conduct of the Catholic body had been more vehement than men in the full enjoyment of their rights would have exhibited ; if it was not altogether constitutional in every point , parliament themselves were the cause ; they had deprived four millions of people of their rights , and they were not to be astonished that these four millions of people had spirit enough to feel the injury . The Catholics were called upon to triumph over their prejudices , as if the prejudices were altogether on the side of the Catholics . It should not , however , be a victory of one sect over 666 another sect , but of both against common