of great acuteness had alluded to the 318 method now adopted by the courts of common-law , in lieu of the peine forte et dure , and had complained that the Ecclesiastical Courts had not followed that course . The law , courts did not make that alteration , they bad no authority to do it , till it was ordained by parliament ; nor could the Spiritual courts admit such , a commutation , without legislative interference . The judges , who had merely done their duty , could not be objects of censure . The complaint was against the law itself ; it was the evident impression of the House , that the law should be corrected ; it was fit , then , to make such correction , but not to institute the stated inquiry . A challenge had been given to his right hon . friend , to bring in a , bill on this subject . He had no doubt that it would be accepted . It was expected of his right hon . friend by the House , because they felt that the task could not devolve upon anyone more capable . He did not say this because his right hon . friend sat on the same side of the House with himself , but because his high judicial character was acknowledged not only in England but throughout Europe . signified his willingness to bring in the bill . said , he had not accused the Spiritual courts for their non-adoption of the practice of the common law courts , but merely suggested the propriety of such adoption . said , that great as was the pressure complained of here , from the jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical courts , it was nothing to what was felt in Ireland . It was a perpetual subject of complaint , that the poor peasant who was cited to appear , after leaving his employment to attend the court , found that it was not sitting , and was obliged to go and return frequently , from the irregularity , with which those courts were conducted , and was at length decreed for not appearing . He would add but one word more : it was in the recollection of the House , that not more than two sessions had elapsed since a noble lord , in that House , had arraigned the Catholics of Ireland for inflicting the sentence of excommunication , and denounced it as infamous and disgraceful to society , in the most extravagant terms ; and yet it was stated this night as the avowed and sanctioned practice of the established church . begged to be informed , if it was the intention of the right hon . 319 and learned gent , to bring in a bill , as recommended by the Attorney-General ? replied , that if it was the sense of the House that such a measure was expedient , he would certainly comply . ( Cheers from all sides . ) said , that with that understanding he should withdraw his motion , but he would make one observation : he understood that the right hon . and learned gent , had many years ago expressed himself hostile to the abuse ; but up to the present period no measure had been proposed to remove it . He had extreme pleasure in withdrawing his motion . wished merely to remove any doubt which might exist with regard to what had fallen from his right hon . and learned friend in the course of the debate . So far from his speech having stated any objection to inquiry , its whole object was to express his opinion , that the inquiry should be directed towards the law itself , and not the charges brought forward by the noble lord , which he thought not likely to be remedied by the appointment of a Committee , and he had heard him often say , that the only reason which deterred him from attempting to remove the process complained of was an apprehension of opposition and jealousy on the part of the common