therefore in that sense could not be said to be his counsel . In the case of Patch , it was stated by Mr. Serjeant Best , that the principle upon which counsel was refused was , that the case should be so clear against the prisoner as not to render counsel necessary . A third principle stated , was , that it would occasion the delay of causes . But neither of them appeared to him to establish the necessity of such refusal in all cases : he therefore should propose the clause as he had already stated . seconded the motion . said his hon . and learned friend had not stated any thing to shew that this case differed from ordinary cases of felony . With respect to high treason , it was an offence sui generis , and the reason why counsel were allowed was , because it might be made an engine of political oppression . He quoted the 6th of George the 3rd , to shew that for the protection of the woollen and velvet manufactories , enactments had been made 853 similar to that which he had proposed in the present instance , and that no exception was made of the nature of that submitted by his hon . and learned friend . proposed an amendment , for the purpose of altering the preamble of the bill , so as to shew that it was framed to meet a particular occasion ; which , after some desultory conversation , was agreed to . The report was then brought up , and ordered to be taken into further consideration tomorrow . moved that the House do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House , upon the Bill for the more effectual preservation of the Peace within the county of Nottingham , and the town and county of the town of Nottingham . suggested the propriety of extending the provisions of the Bill to any other county where similar disturbances existed , or were likely to exist . wished that they might be extended to the county of Leicester . observed , that the Bill had been suggested by , and drawn in the county of Nottingham , and then sent tip to him . After it had been revised by the law officers of the crown , he had sent it down again to the county of Nottingham , in order that he might be assured , before he submitted it to the House , that it had received the concurrence of the magistracy of that county . If any hon . member would declare that the magistrates of the county of Leicester , or of any other county , were desirous to have the provisions of the bill extended to them , he should have no objection to move an instruction to the committee to that effect ; but it ought not to be forgotten that those provisions imposed a heavy mental and bodily duty on those who were to execute them . , although certainly he was not distinctly authorised on the subject , had yet no hesitation in declaring , en the part of the magistrates of Leicestershire , that they were ready to execute the provisions of the act ; and he was sore that they would do it ample justice . was persuaded that his hon . friend was completely justified in the declaration which he bad just made . The magistrates of Leicestershire were never disposed to shrink from their duty . pressed the necessity 854 of extending the provisions of the bill to Derbyshire , and mentioned several instances of extreme outrage in that county . He certainly could not pledge himself for the opinion of every individual magistrate in Derbyshire , but he , for one , would use all possible exertion to enforce the measure . , after what he had heard , felt no reluctance whatever in moving that it be an instruction to the committee that they be empowered to extend the provisions of the bill to any other county in Great Britain . could ( not see the impropriety that