which had plunged our manufacturers into distress . The distress and the cause were spreading together . It was now that the effect of the paper issue was making itself felt through the community ; and it was impossible in any case to conceive , why the same evils which had extended on an excessive issue of paper , should not be attended with the same evils here as in all other countries . This was a more prominent cause than even the Orders in Council . His noble friend ( the earl of Lauderdale ) had imputed the distress to the sudden rise and fall of wages by the sudden demands for manufactures ; but even where the wages did not fall , the excessive issue of paper lowered their real value . The same money could not purchase the same quantity of provisions ; and unless there was a maximum on the price of the necessaries of life , the working people must be more and more impoverished , even in the nominal receipt of undiminished wages . The great manufacturers worked for foreign markets ; the rise of the prices abroad did not keep pace with the rise of the nominal value of the currency at home ; and in consequence , they were obliged to tell their workmen that they could not make the prime cost on their materials . The workmen said , and with not less truth , that they could not live by their work ; and thus distress ; came rapidly upon the most useful and industrious classes of the community . The present system had the direct tendency of 1081 exhausting the resources of the industrious part of the public ; this was no new thing to their lordships ; it had been pointed out from the beginning : every step of its progress had been regularly detailed , and it was now making its way with accelerated evil . Was this a thing within penal laws to correct ? Were men to be cured of this by the gibbet and the gallows ? The Bill might irritate and punish , and inflict miseries dreadful to feeling and humanity ; but it would not stop an evil which resulted from the wretchedness into which a dangerous and headlong system had driven the working people . His noble friend , ( the earl of Harrowby ) in quoting a passage from judge Blackstone , seemed to doubt whether that great judge looked on the punishment of death as a means of prevention , or as the penalty for enormous crime . But , putting the first point out of question , was the guilt of this crime of that enormous nature which required death ? The noble earl obviously combined the individual act with the crime of conspiracy : but the Bill omitted all the intention of conspiracy , and alluded only to the act of the individual . It would be answered , that the intention of the Bill was chiefly against the conspiracy : but where was the object of a Bill to be found but in its leading clauses , or preamble ? He was sorry to hear an attempt to justify the introduction of penal statutes by great names . If there was any case in which we should not look to precedents , or give up any thing to great names , it was a case like the present . To justify the infliction of death , there must be no authority but strong necessity . The statute book was stained with sanguinary laws ; it was a stigma on the character of the country ; foreigners looked upon it as such , and appealed to its existence as the standard of our national character . His noble friend spoke of the mildness with which those laws were administered . A philosopher once said , that among the Athenians , to praise the Athenians was extremely easy : but where were we to find the great evidence of a mild and legislative spirit , —the prevention ? If the question was of the purity of the administration