help thinking that the real purpose of ministers was not so much to keep the French out of that island , as to keep the people subject to one of the most despicable governments that ever existed.—With regard to the defence of Portugal , which had been held out as of such great importance , he would ask , how long would our army defend that country ? Only till the French had made themselves masters of Spain ; and then it would be obliged to retire within its fortified lines , —the whole extent of which would not afford grass enough to feed the bullocks for six weeks subsistence of the troops alone ! He would assert , as a fact , though it might appear extraordinary ; that , even at present , the bullocks and flour for the supply of Lord Wellington 's troops , passed through the French army with licences , from the interior of Spain . This was a notorious fact ; and he would leave the House to make their reflections-upon it.—The noble lord then adverted to that part of the hon . baronet 's proposed Address which referred to the internal state of the country ; and professed his concurrence in the greater part of the sen- 33 timents which it contained . All , he thought , must own , that the freedom of the people had been greatly encroached upon , particularly by the oppressive mode of levying taxes , which he regretted to say were grossly misapplied . No part of a man 's house was now free from the visits of tax-gatherers ; and a man could not transport even articles that had paid duty on importation , a dozen of wine from one place to another , without a permit from revenue officers . He trusted that in this session of parliament a Committee would be appointed to take the conduct of the war , the objects for which we are contending , and the state of the nation , into consideration—The noble lord then adverted to that part of the Speech which referred to the naval defence of the country , and maintained that our naval force was not rendered efficient , in annoying the enemy . Commanding the seas as this country did , our navy ought to be employed in threatening the coasts of France in all directions , by which means Buonaparté would be compelled to keep his armies at home , instead of sending them to be fed , clothed and paid by our allies for the purpose of their own subjugation . Were the gigantic naval power of England used as it ought to be , the whole force of France , vast as it was , would prove inadequate to the defence of its extended shores . Perhaps demonstrations of attack might prove sufficient , which if the enemy despised , then it would be , as it was at this moment , quite easy to annihilate the common ships of war , and destroy every thing on the shores of France ; for England could , let the enemy do his utmost , bring a force to a given point far superior to any that the enemy could assemble against it , and thus operate a most powerful diversion . The noble lord concluded with seconding the Address . The Address having been read by the Speaker , rose and said : —In rising , Sir , to move an Amendment to the Address proposed by the hon . bart to his royal highness the Prince Regent , in answer to his most gracious Speech , I have to differ from the hon . bart . in every point of view , lamenting , at the same time , that it has fallen to the lot of a person so incapable either of doing sufficient justice to the sentiment ; of his Royal Highness , or of dwelling sufficiently strong upon those particular points to which his Royal Highness has referred us . I , however , shall throw 34 myself upon the kind indulgence of the House ,