for the improvement of their ports & c . without committing a breach of it . Or , if they were permitted to do so , way should a similar indulgence be refused lathe Roman Catholics , when they wished '' to frame a petition for their tights ? If thaw meeting of 500 persons was illegal , so must the meeting of 10 , and , if this were law in Ireland , it would equally extend top England . This being the case , then , there was scarcely a gentleman who heard him who had not , at one time or other been 617 guilty of an illegal act—having been delegated to prepare petitions to parliament for Canal Bills , & c. In 1793 , delegates came to this country : were they considered illegal ? Perhaps it might be said , government did not wish to proceed against a trifling breach of the law , but they would not encourage it . Yet , it should be remembered , that it was the policy of the administration of Mr. Pitt and Mr. Dundas to treat with those persons . In fact , neither those ministers nor the framers of the act ever imagined that it could apply to persons delegated with petitions to parliament . He now came to the question of safeguards and securities . And this brought him to a right hon . and learned civilian ( sir J. Nicholl ) who , by his tone and manner , and the place from which he spoke , seemed to have been put forward as the double of another right hon . civilian ( Dr. Duigenan ) , who was then absent , and , to say the truth , he acquitted himself with equal ability . The learned gentleman had entreated the House to listen to no pledges which rested on the authority of indvidual Catholics . Why , if any pledges at all were to be given , they must be given on the authority either of individuals speaking their private opinions , or of persons delegated to speak the sense of the whole body . The learned gentleman had therefore placed the leading Catholics in this singular dilemma—that if they pledged themselves as individuals , they were not to be believed ; if , as delegates , sent to Newgate . Indeed , this mode of arguing by dilemma was a very favourite one with the opposers of the Catholic claims . If the Catholics came forward peaceably and decorously to urge their petition , then it was contended , that it was unadvisable to enter into a consideration of it , lest you should disturb their tranquillity . If , on the contrary , they state their claim strongly and with those feelings which their privations are likely to excite , then it is said , We can not concede , lest we should seem to be intimidated . So if the Catholics enlist in great numbers , it is argued that they are satisfied , and it is unnecessary to open the higher commissions to them ; if in small , that they are disloyal and it would be dangerous . A young member ( Mr. Peel ) had inquired , last night , why the Roman Catholics bad called to their assembly peers , and the sons of peers—was it to prepare their Petition ? It was not merely for that pur- 618 pose ; but that they might hold communication with the members of that House , that they might be enabled to state what the precise wishes of the Catholics were , and to specify what were the securities they would give ; which , while they were sufficient for the preservation of the Protestant establishment , should be the least burdensome to themselves . It would be well for the House to look under what circumstances the obnoxious meeting was intended to be formed . Some intemperance having manifested itself in the Committee , lord Ffrench informed them , that they would hurt themselves by those violent proceedings ; therefore it was determined that a number