by the excesses of popular fury . With these sentiments he was not prepared to launch into an ocean of which he did not see the limits , and therefore he should vote against the motion . declared himself in favour of the motion , and said that he should certainly vote for the expulsion of the unworthy member . said , he should not feel himself justified in giving a silent vote , though he had little expectation of throwing a new light on the subject . The temperate manner in which it had been discussed , and the total exclusion of all party-feeling , left no doubt that whatever determination the House might come to , it would reflect no discredit on them . The public would not ascribe the rejection of the motion upon such principles as had been stated , to any corrupt motives ; nor would they deem his expulsion , if that was resolved on , to party violence and injustice . As to the case of the Charitable Corporation , there was no legal conviction . Yet the House did not rest with expulsion , but directed legal prosecution . He very much doubted whether in that case a legal conviction followed : but whether or not , the House did not wait for it They had expelled in that case , which was not a case of public money . He agreed that they must take the opinion of the Judges , with respect to Mr. Walsh , as a record of acquittal , but as an acquittal on a special verdict , and incorporated with the letter of the Judge , and the letter of Mr. Walsh himself . They had then a special verdict of the facts , by which it appeared , on the authority of a jury , that he had premeditatedly obtained money into his hands , in a case of trust , for the purpose of abusing it . The House would therefore have to decide , whether that was such a case as ought to disqualify him from sitting in that House . It was a verdict of acquittal , but it was not a verdict which left things in the dark . He agreed with his right hon . friend in doubting whether , if it was not a case of felony , it would amount to a misdemeanour . He rather thought it would not ; but he could not think , that because an act of parlialiament did not make a moral crime a legal one , the House of Commons should be prevented from taking cognizance of it . There were many cases of breach of trust , 1200 as stated by his hon . and learned friend , ( sir A. Pigott ) but if there was a plain one brought forward , upon the mere statement of which no two men could differ in opinion , though it was no legal crime , he saw no danger from the precedent of expulsion . It had been said that it might be abused by the minister or by popular feeling , but they would not be more exposed to such abuse with the precedent than without it , for if the precedent was followed , it must be as a case of great moral guilt , and if they did not follow the precedent , the precedent could not have produced mischief . Could any one doubt , that if in the times when the other cases were adjudged , this had been brought before parliament , parliament would not have proceeded upon it ? He believed there was no case of expulsion for larceny . Yet could any one advance that as a reason for not expelling , if a case of larceny should occur ? He knew there was great delicacy in exercising this function , but he thought it might adopted with as much safety in this case , as in cases of perjury and forgery . If they were not obliged to wait for conviction , he saw no reason why they should not proceed in