in the way of any of his Majesty 's subjects of whatever class or denomination , who wished to bring forward any claims they might have to urge , or to petition for the redress of any grievance under which they might labour , provided it was done in a legal and constitutional manner . It is necessary to state this , and to press it strongly on the attention of the House , because there is no art that faction could use , no exertion that the most active agents could employ , no misrepresentation that invention could frame , that have not been resorted to , and propagated to impress a belief upon the minds of the people of both countries , that the object of the Irish government was , not to enforce obedience to the laws , not to maintain public tranquillity , but to throw impediments in the way of the Catholics petitioning , and to prevent them from claiming what they conceived to be their rights , or stating what they considered to be their grievances . Before I proceed to the consideration of that part of the conduct of the Irish government which more immediately claims the attention of the House , I must beg leave to allude very shortly to what passed last session . The House can not have forgotten the Circular Letter * which was issued , about which so much had been said , and which had given rise to so much wit . That letter was certainly issued in my name , but it was framed and drawn up , as I stated at the time , by the law officers of the crown . I am far from * See Vol . 19 , p. 1 . 567 wishing to disclaim any responsibility which belongs to me , for any part that I took in that transaction ; but I can not help lamenting , that when a solemn instrument had been issued by the government , it should , for bad purposes , have been turned into ridicule , and represented as the hasty composition of an arrogant man . That letter , when it was discussed in this House last session , underwent a solemn investigation . I remember the motion of the right hon . and learned gentleman opposite to me , ( Mr. Ponsonby ) * on the subject , and I feel , that I ought to call the attention of the House particularly to it , because I mean to build an argument upon it , which will be of material consequence in the consideration of the present question . The right hon . and learned gent. , upon that occasion , objected to the proceedings of the Irish government on three grounds : First , That it was impolitic to have recourse to the Convention act at the time and under the circumstances the Irish government attempted to enforce it . Secondly , That if the Irish government felt it absolutely necessary to act upon fire law , they ought to have proceeded by way of proclamation , instead of issuing a circular letter . Thirdly , That the Convention act only attached upon those who had attended the meetings described , voted , and acted , but that , in the Circular Letter , the magistrates were called upon to arrest , and hold to bail those who attended , or voted , or acted . These were the objections taken by the right hon . and learned gentleman , but it never was asserted by that the Construction , Which the Irish government had put upon the act of parliament , was hot the true and legal construction , and that the law was inapplicable to meetings of the description `` in question . Here Mr. Ponsonby manifested some dissent from Mr . Pole 's statement . ] I am convinced that I am correct in my assertion , and have no doubt , that I shall be able to Convince the House , and even the right hon . and learned gentleman , that my recollection upon