offences and commutations of penances . The latter , indeed , did not now exist , but all the evils of the former , as he had sufficiently shewn , remained in full force . Mr. Justice Black-stone , among others , noticed their extraordinary bartering of justice , and had remarked that , in all their acts , they proceeded on the principle , that poverty was the best medicine for the soul.—The noble lord said , it was needless to swell his list of cases . He knew of persons who had been excommunicated for not performing penance , and who afterwards were discharged on paying costs , without a retrospect to the punishment to which they were originally sentenced . In the distant courts , no attention was even paid to the absolution of souls , nor did it seem that they were aware even that such a process was required . It was evident , however , that the same publicity given to the excommunication , ought to be given to the absolution . This his lordship had no doubt was to be attributed to the ignorance of those persons as to what was their duty ; but still the effect of it was such as the House was called on to check . With regard to the case of Mary Ann Dix , on which he had grounded his present application to the House , it was to be observed , that she was a minor . This defect , however , it might be alleged , had been cured by her appearance . That non-appearance was a crime of a very deadly dye , he found , from recurring to a case where a person , for 302 not appearing to a citation , had been confined for three years and a half , Under the civil law , however , he understood ; a person who was a minor was not liable to be sued , and was not even liable in costs . So futile even was it held to sue a minor in an ecclesiastical court , that he found an instance where it was held , that a person called on to appear for accusing another of cruelty and adultery , could not be compelled to appear in respect of minority . This being so , he could hardly think that a case could be conceived in which a minor could be rendered answerable in a civil law court . There was another great irregularity in this case of Mary Ann Dix . She was directed to do penance generally , but she was not told in what respect she was to do it ; and her mother applied again and again to be informed in what manner her daughter should purge herself ; but this information was denied her.—The noble lord said he could mention other cases where proceedings had been held in some of these inferior ecclesiastical jurisdictions , even after prohibitions of the court of King's-Bench . But if courts could so proceed , ought not a stop to be put to their acting , and to the grievances thence arising ? There was a particular class of cases peculiarly deserving of attention , and of every degree of reprehension with which the House could regard them—he meant defamatory causes , which were often brought for the gratification of the worst passions of the human mind—malice and revenge . He referred to the case of a woman , who having been sued for defaming the character of a person notorious for keeping a house of bad fame , the judge of the court where the cause was brought , on the narrative that he had to provide pro salute animœ , and having the fear of God before his eyes , ordered the defendant to declare that she had been guilty of an infamous calumny , and that the party injured was restored to her fair fame . Yet , by such decisions as these , were persons of the description alluded to supported . His lordship was aware he had not done justice to the cause