not of the nature of sinecure offices , on which it was natural for the country to throw considerable obloquy . The hon . baronet complained , that he had been misrepresented as the blazoner of Suchet ; and that he did not mean to contrast that general with lord Wellington . In reply to this , he would say that he had carefully avoided misrepresentation . `` Comparisons were odious , '' but since the hon . baronet had disclaimed the idea of contrasting the British with the French commander , he would content himself with observing , that though such an effect was doubtlessly not meant , yet certainly what had fallen from the hon . baronet tended , as much as anything that ever fell from the hon . baronet could tend to do any thing , to lower lord Wellington in public estimation . He had seen several military men of high character , who had witnessed the capture of Ciudad Rodrigo , and who concurred in describing the exploit in the most glowing language , and in considering it as the most brilliant achievement of the war . took that opportunity of declaring his hearty assent to the present motion . He had hoped from the manner in which the subject had been introduced by the right hon . gentleman , that while the members of the House were unfortunately divided on so many points , at least they might rest on this with unanimity . He would not enter at all into the policy of the war in Spain , for the House had now only to determine whether lord Welling- 883 ton had deserved well of his country ; and as to the argument against the vote drawn from the distressed state of our manufacturers , he conceived , that if allowed at all to operate , it would only produce a still further depression of the spirits of the nation . As to the importance of the recapture of Ciudad Rodrigo , he would refer to the opinion manifested of it by lord Wellington 's opponent . That officer said , it had been so fortified , that the outwork '' alone might have stood a ten days ' siege and he pronounced its rapid reduction an incomprehensible event . This was a sufficient answer to what had fallen from the hon . baronet on this subject ; and he must say , that if two separate sums had been proposed to the House , he should have voted for the larger . would not have arisen , but for the observations of the hon . baronet ; at the same time he was aware that those observations had been most ably and successfully answered by the right hon . gentleman . The hon . baronet had stated the comparative merits of Suchet and of the earl of Wellington ; that comparison was not to be endured . What had been the conduct of Suchet ? At Tarragona there were between 7 and 800 men , women and children wantonly put to the sword by his orders . ( Hear , hear ! ) What had been the conduct of the earl of Wellington in the late glorious service ? Not a single life was lost in the city , with the exception of those on the ramparts . He had not dragged forth the defenceless to be inhumanly butchered and murdered . He had spared their lives after the conquest , and 1,700 prisoners were marched out of the place . The comparison of the merits of the two commanders was so strikingly erroneous , that he could not avoid the expression of his feeling , in common with other gentlemen so diametrically opposite to those of the hon . baronet , and to give his testimony in favour of the noble earl . He thought that he should ill deserve the support of his constituents in Sussex , if he went down among them without having marked the sense which he entertained of principles such as had just been avowed by the honourable baronet . observed , that after the