noble lord and the hon . gentleman who had spoken on the other side of it . At the same time he could not but add , that as the Chancellor of the Exchequer had been asked a civil question , had he returned a civil answer it would at least have redounded more to his candour , if not so much to his eloquence . rose merely to state , that though he agreed with the present mea-sure as one justified by the necessity of 326 the occasion , he protested against the adoption of the principle on any future occasion , unless under the influence of a similar necessity . conceiving that there would be no objection to the motion , without making any observation moved , `` That a Committee be appointed to examine and consider what regulations and checks have been established in order to ontroul the several branches of the Pubic Expenditure in Great Britain and Ireland , and how far the same have been effectual ; and what further measures can be adopted for reducing any part of the said expenditure , or diminishing the amount of salaries and emoluments , without detriment to the public service . '' And a Committee was appointed accordingly . next moved , `` That a Select Committee be appointed to consider what offices in the United Kingdom , and in the foreign dominions of his Majesty , come within the purview of the 2d , 3d , and 4th Resolutions which , upon the 31st day of May 1810 , were reported from the Committee on Public Expenditure ; and that they do report their opinion thereupon to the House , '' and a Committee was appointed accordingly . rose , and expressed himself extremely anxious , that what he should say on this occasion might not be misconceived or misrepresented . The subject was one of much delicacy , and at the same time of so great importance , that while they inquired into it , on one handy with tenderness and respect , they ought , on the other side , to be allowed full and complete opportunity of understanding what they were doing , and this was the more necessary for him to insist upon , as he , was sure there were many gentlemen who , neither from a perusal of the Bill , of the papers on the table , or of all the information they had before them , could be aware of the extent to which the measure went . Rising as he did at this moment , it might be supposed that he would go into the minutiæ , and answer the variety of statements contained in the papers produced ; but the contrary was his intention , for he could see no good purpose that could be answered , and no real utility that could be produced by an investigation of detached papers and figures . From all these it was impossible for him to make up his mind on the question , and when he could not see his own way , it was not his design to call on other gentlemen to follow a course , in which he could not be their guide . In saying this , it was far from his intention to insinuate that there ' had been any backwardness or unwillingness in the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer to produce all the information called for . The papers were on the table , and for aught he knew they were correct and fair ; but then they did not afford the information desired ; they only gave a comparative statement of the expenditure on the Civil List for a few years , while be wanted to know ; whether in any of these years it was possible to have made a retrenchment ? And this appeared to him to be the more necessary to be ascertained , as that expenditure , from the year 1804 , had proceeded upon estimate , and that estimate had been greatly exceeded . Thee expence of the Lord Steward 's department ,