to provide sailors for Napoleon , who was , according to the confession of the First Lord of the Admiralty on a preceding evening , creating a navy in spite of war , though one reason assigned for not making peace with him was , lest he should create a navy . He however 1162 was building ships , and we were supplying him with mariners . He had no hesitation in saying that he thought the conduct of government grossly unjust to '' wards America , and highly dangerous to this country . stated that the licence system had given rise to repeated instances of perjury , as the clearances from foreign ports were all made on oath . adverting to one part of the speech of his hon . friend who had just sat down , informed the House , that he had in his custody a Petition , signed by many thousands of the manufacturing population of Staffordshire , addressed to the Prince Regent , complaining of deep distress , and praying for relief . That he had informed the Secretary of State for the Home Department of this circumstance , and that that right hon . gentleman had offered to take the Petition from the noble lord , and present it himself to the Regent . This the noble lord said he had refused to do . He had consulted the petitioners thereupon , and received their directions to present the Petition in person , which he intended to do at the first levee , but that levee had not yet taken place , although three weeks had elapsed from the time at which he received the petition . rose merely to state , that he was exactly in the same predicament as the noble lord . in reply , animadverted on the various arguments that had been adduced against his motion . It seemed that we were not now to press upon the enemy with a fair military view of overcoming him ; in prosecuting which object we might unluckily be compelled to bear hard upon neutral rights . We were no longer following such a gallant , soldier-like instinct ; but attempting with the sordid , trading , pedlar-like desires of retail-dealers , to undersell , and force America to help us in underselling a rival shopkeeper . It became parliament to stand forward between the country and the ruinous effects of such a mean and profligate policy as this , and to save it from the last of disasters , into which the Prince Regent 's ministers were hurrying it—a war with America . But was there nothing else , to make the House still more anxious to inquire than they might have been a short time ago ? Had no other circumstance transpired in the latter part of the debate ? Did they bear in mind the statements of his noble friend , the member for Yorkshire , and the noble 1163 lord , the member for Staffordshire ? It now appeared—what never yet had been known since England was England , and therefore never could have been suspected on the present occasion—that while the country laboured under distresses quite unparalleled , the people were denied access to the Prince Regent , at the foot of whose throne they desired to lay their complaints ! There was nothing to be seen in the manufacturing counties but misery—nothing to be heard but the cries of distress—we met it in every shape , bankruptcies , petitions , tumults , combinations , mendicity , and the thousand miseries which could not be recorded in Gazettes , but which were not the less touching for being less obtrusive ; the horrors of supplies daily and hourly straitened ; the anxieties of tottering credit—this was a short but unexaggerated picture of the state of the people ; groaning under such a pressure , they sought the throne of the Prince Regent with their grievances , but they found the avenues to his person barred ! Then it became more than ever the duty of parliament to throw its doors open to their oppressed and insulted constituents ,