, say , that he thought the times past were much more dangerous than the present . After dwelling on the inexpediency of conceding their claims to the Catholics , the noble earl concluded , by expressing his hearty dissent to the motion . said he would not follow the noble earl , who had just sat down , in the line of argument he had adopted ; nor would be advert to the many transactions on which he had expatiated at great length , as they were likely to come before their lordships in another capacity . But the noble earl had said , that he saw no grounds laid to agree to the motion proposed . Was this argument admissible , when the motion went no farther than to appoint a Committee to inquire into the grounds which had occasioned the present state of irritation in Ireland ? Had not the noble mover given sufficient reasons for appointing a Committee , when he had affirmed , that in his mind he never knew the state of Ireland to be so truly alarming . But in the eyes of the noble earl who spoke last every thing was perfectly safe , every thing perfectly quiet in that country . It might appear so to him ; but he would tell the noble earl that it was the stillness which preceded the storm ; it was the fire concentrated bursting afterward '' with irresistible fury , and threatening the surrounding country with general destruction . The subject was so portentous , as a noble friend of his ( lord Grenville ) had expressed himself on a former night , that it must force itself into notice , it must imperiously call forth the attention of their lordships . It were folly and blindness to suppose that it could be delayed any longer—it had been delayed too long . The noble earl had established many nice distinctions about rights—he knew but one , that which separated natural from political rights . The former constituted the birth-right of every British subject—they consisted in an equal participation of the blessings of the constitution with his fellow-citizens , and they could not be forfeited but by a legal judgment pronounced against an individual for some crime , and not by sweeping statutes against unborn generations . Political rights were of a different nature : they resulted from political arrangements , and the Roman Catholics of Ireland had never 459 denied the necessity of those political distinctions . They admitted that a difference in rank was necessary in a well-regulated society ; they only asked for their birth-right . They say , `` we feel that we are Britons by our attachment to our rights , and we ask for a participation in those which we ought to share with you , but which are unjustly withheld from us . '' This was what they felt , and what every man ought to feel . They never did act , nor were they then acting with contumely , as they knew it would be defeating the object they had most at heart . They had repeatedly addressed their lordships with due humility , and they would continue to do so to the last ; they were willing to receive as a boon from their generosity what they might otherwise expect from their justice . The noble earl had , indeed , represented the petitions of the Roman Catholics of Ireland as the work of a party ; but what would he say to those petitions , for the same object , presented by their Protestant countrymen ? This was wilfully shutting their eyes against the evidence of truth . If Ireland was of such importance to the vital interests of the empire , and what man could possibly deny it , how was he to qualify the conduct of the noble lords who by harsh measures sought to create discontent in that country , and thus to force a brave race of men into the arms of our inveterate foe ? Noble peers on the other side knew , or they ought to know ,