of a country , where no convoy could proceed without a numerous escort , a little army to protect it . But it was not the mere conquest of towns that subdued a country ; if after Tarragona was sacked—if after the patriots met defeat at Murviedro , the enemy found behind him a greater and more formidable force than that which opposed his progress , it could never be said that he had obtained military possession of the land . On the contrary , such an appearance warranted the language of the Speech , that the spirit of the people remained unsubdued , and that the increase of difficulty and danger had produced more connected efforts of general resistance . It was a remarkable fact , and what most pre-eminently claimed for the Spaniards engaged in resisting the slavery attempted to be imposed on them , the applause of the existing race of men , and the admiration of all posterity , not the manner in which they resisted attack , but that in which they survived defeat . It was this that afforded a source of hope of benefit increasing , and a happy result at last ; for it was evident , that with all the successes of the armies of France , no impression had been made on the spirit of the people to resist Buonaparté , and the forces employed to carry his ambitious usurpation into effect . He was therefore bold to assert , that the state of affairs had materially improved since the beginning of last session , when the hon . gent . took a singularly gloomy view of futurity , and that there were at this moment fainter hopes for France , and greater hopes for Spain , than there were last year at this time.—After disposing of his prophecies with respect to the peninsula , the hon . gent . had gone on to put a string of questions . He had asked them , what they 60 had been able to do with all the force they had put in motion ? —If they had done nothing more , they had shewn him that he was utterly mistaken in all his apprehensions of defeat and danger , as they had prevented all the mischief and evil results he anticipated . If , indeed , he would only take the trouble of putting himself into the same situation he was in last year , he would be able , at once , to see how much they had accomplished . The hon . gent . also wished to know what was lord Wellington 's opinion on the subject of the war . If he had only considered for a moment , he would have been aware of the impossibility of indulging him in this respect , as , whether favourable or otherwise , there was no practicable way of laying the matter before the House . In truth , it would not only be the most impolitic , but the most unjust thing that could be done , to develope the opinions and views of a commander upon a war in which they were engaged ; whether anticipating a successful result , or one of a contrary description.—Another of the hon . gentleman 's inquiries regarded the situation of Spain and her colonies . On this point , all he could say was , that though the situation was not what could be wished , and there was too much of irritation on both sides , yet ministers had the consolation of knowing that they had endeavoured most ardently to instil a spirit of conciliation , and were employed in an attempt by mediation to bring the mother country and the South American provinces to unite in amity in support of the common cause.—With respect to the diplomatic appointments of Sir Robert Wilson and Mr. Liston , a full explanation would lead too much into detail ; and he would therefore , on the present occasion , content himself with stating , that circumstances had arisen which rendered it advisable to postpone for a time missions which were originally expected