suspicion as to the danger which threatened the property being asleep . The hon . and learned gentleman had talked a great deal of the information which people , of a variety of descriptions , had derived from him ( Mr . Rose . ) He did not know whence the hon . and learned gentleman had derived his intelligence ; but this he could assure him , that he was completely and entirely mistaken with respect to the kind and class of company which he was in the habit of entertaining . What connection the individuals , whom the hon . and learned gentleman had so humorously described , might have with the door keepers and messengers of his office , he could not say ; but undoubtedly they had no access to him . He himself , and the noble lord at the head of the Board of Trade , had been accused by the hon . and learned gentleman of spending their mornings with Jews and Brokers , for the purpose of selecting and assorting cargoes for exportation . Here the hon . and learned gentleman was again mistaken . This was not the object of their consideration ; nor were the persons they , met of that description . The object which engaged them , and the respectable gentlemen whom they consulted , was , to determine on what articles it was safe , fit , and proper , to allow to be imported into Great Britain . In answer to the hon . and learned gentleman 's assertions , as to the supposed injury which the shipping interest of Great Britain had sustained , in consequence of 1119 the licencing system , he would beg leave simply to state the fact . By accurate calculations he would shew , that , since licences had been resorted to , the tonnage was greatly increased . In 1807 , the British shipping employed was 1,436,000 tons ; in 1808 , 1,311,000 ; in 1809 , 1,539,000 ; and , in 1810 , 1,609,000 tons were engaged . So that now there were 200,000 tons of British shipping employed in addition to the quantity , which , prior to the Orders in Council , had been engaged . When the Orders in Council were first resorted to , 88,900 seamen were employed in British mercantile transactions ; at present , not less than 102,000 seamen were so engaged—making an increase of 14,000 seamen . He was willing to admit that foreign shipping had increased in a greater proportion ; but if such shipping had not been employed , what would have become of British commerce ? How could the trade of Great Britain have been carried on with those various ports of Europe , which were shut against British vessels ? He would ask the House , would government have been justified in permitting the manufactures of the country to rot and perish in warehouses , rather than employ foreign vessels in the distribution of them through the world ? From the general habits of his life , no one , he was convinced , could suspect him of being insensible to the distresses of the ship-owners . But , he put it to the House , he put it to the hon . and learned gentleman opposite , whether it was possible to stand by , in cold blood , and see the manufacturers of the country starving , rather than permit the produce of the country to be exported in foreign ships ? Besides , the rate of the transport service would shew that no material injury had been sustained by the British shipping interest . This he thought could be made very evident from a comparison of the rates at different periods . In the year 1807 , when the Orders in Council were originally issued , the rate was 19s . per ton ; but , at present , it was no less than 25s . per ton—a clear proof , in his mind , that the great body of the shipping of the country was constantly employed . Even with respect to Hull