related to this topic , and not a single document was before the House , from which they could form any judgment of the nature of the circumstances alledged ? —Was any noble lord assured of the fact ? Did any document appear on their lordships ' table ? If not , how feeble was the foundation , how weak the basis , on which the present motion for inquiry rested ; for , he would ask , did it become the dignity of that House to make the newspapers of the day a ground for a solemn proceeding ? If facts had really happened as was stated , there were laws in Ireland to vindicate the wrong ; but , noble lords should not suffer their minds to be prepossessed on such a subject.—The second ground relied upon , was , the alarming situation of that country . The exigencies , it appeared , were so pressing , the danger so immediate , that no time was to be lost . His own view of the circumstances , he must say , differed very widely from those of the noble earl . He thought no danger was to be apprehended while the Irish government was firm , and while we were disposed to support its acts . To him it appeared , that the alleged discontents were the strongest argument against the present measure : for even if the House were disposed to do all that was required of it , the measure ought to spring spontaneously from its own bounty and liberality , and not , as might now be imputed , from fear . The Catholics , indeed , had assumed such a tone of determined hostility ; they had treated the promulgations of government with such contumely , that any concession must at present appear , in the extremest degree , mean and pusillanimous . The Catholics would then be the victors , the government the vanquished ; and , like all other victors , the Catholics would press on to make new demands , and enforce new claims . He agreed with the noble earl , that the cause of the present discontent was the being prevented from petitioning in the manner desired . If the government had attempted 414 to stifle petitioning , then their lord ships might have been properly called upon to interfere : for the Catholics had the same right as all the rest of his Majesty 's subjects to petition : but the Irish government had not attempted to impede the Catholics in any measure where they would not also have impeded the Protestants . The claims of the Catholics could be but equal , not superior , privileges to the Protestants , who , if they had endeavoured to petition by convention , must have been proceeded against in a precisely similar manner . He would for a moment put the Convention act out of the question , and ask , whether the people of England would have a right to petition by convention as attempted in Ireland ? The House of Commons were the only constitutional representatives of the people : but for a moment he would suppose the case to be otherwise ; that the people should elect another representative body , —that delegates from different counties should meet in the metropolis , and for the most legitimate object , —the redress of grievances . When so met , what could hinder them from agitating every subject connected remotely or directly with their main object ? Might they not discuss the whole system of peace and war , the raising of taxes , the ability to pay them , the resources for recruiting armies , the state of our foreign relations—in short , the whole internal and external policy of the kingdom All the topics , in fact , which occupied the attention of parliament in the course of a whole session , might be deliberated in such a conventional assembly . What , however , would be the consequence of two such representative bodies ? Surely this , that it would frequently occur that one representative