their government was not such as could secure the attachment or confidence of the people . The people , when a fit opportunity was presented for removing some of the grievances under which they had long laboured , so far from deriving any advantage from the change of affairs that had taken place , were at this present moment without the enjoyment of religious liberty ; and when the liberty of the press was moved for , the Cortes referred it to the consideration of the Inquisition . It was well known that two priests were made the censors of all publications that appeared in the country . Would any man say that those were the measures which could ensure the reverence , or the zeal of the people for the struggle in which they were employed ? That government had imperiously required of us in our mediation between them and their South American dependencies , to abandon the latter if they did not acknowledge the Cortes . That government had expressed its approbation of general Lapena 's conduct , though be did not give the least assistance in the battle of Barossa , but remained during the whole time in an adjoining wood . The government of that country should now be addressed in the same bold and decided language which the marquis Wellesley had upon a former occasion used to them ; they should be told that a reform was necessary both in the civil and military departments of the country , and that upon no other condition were they worthy of a zealous adherence to their cause . He , for his part , would not consent to any further assistance to that country unless he saw some prospect of success . It should be proved , that our resources were not likely to be thrown away in a fruitless struggle , —if such proof could be adduced , —if even lord Wellington himself would say , that there was a probability of success sufficient to warrant the continuance of expenditure in favour of Spain , even upon such ground as the recommendation of that gallant general , he would be content to make further sacrifices , in the hope of an event that would be glorious alike to that country and this ; but , without such assurance of probability , the annual expenditure of 11 or 12,000,000l . for a war that might , for ought they knew , last as long as the Peloponnesian , was a thing which he could not consent to , and which 995 the country could not bear . Sicily also had been a source of great expence to the country , ( 300,000l . a year as a subsidy , and a million and a half a year to support an army there , ) and some advantage should be proved to result from this mode of applying it . He believed some important changes had lately taken place in that island , and no change could render its situation much worse than it had been.—From Sicily he would pass to the East Indies . The question of the renewal of the company 's charter was likely soon to be considered , and it was a subject of much importance ; this was not the time for discussing it ; but there was another no less important , which was the vast addition which had lately been made to the territorial possessions of the company . That acquisition had , in his mind , been exceedingly injurious to the finance of Great Britain . He had predicted long ago that such would be the result of it , but his predictions were not then attended to . It appeared , that the army by which those conquests were made , had been of late exceedingly discontented , and great evils were to be apprehended if such discontent were allowed long to prevail . But there was an important circumstance respecting that country which he could not but advert to . It appeared that the government of it had lately interfered with the administration of the criminal jurisprudence ,