very distant period , and all that could be now complained of against them was the supposed breach of a law , which , if broken , it was plain they did not intend to disobey . There was nothing in the Commissioners ' Speech on the first day of the Session , representing Ireland to be in any state of disorder requiring even the notice of parliament , which was a demonstration that government did not impute any treasonable , designs to the Catholic body , but only the misconstruction of a law , which the courts in Ireland were settling in the ordinary course of legal proceedings . He went along with the noble marquis opposite ( Wellesley ) , in the view he had taken of the subject with so much feeling and eloquence . He ( lord Erskine ) acceded to all his principles , and only differed from him on the fact which the noble marquis had opposed as the only obstacle to the immediate consideration of the Catholic claims . The noble marquis had objected to considering the peti- 463 tions of subjects who were seeking to obtain redress by a dangerous and systematic disobedience to the law . As the noble marquis put the case , there were no petitions in progress , but a conspiracy to overawe the government . If this state of things could be made out , he would join the noble marquis in all the opposition he had given to the motion ; but he positively denied the charge against the Catholic committees , and maintained that the Irish government had unjustly prosecuted them . What had been intended by the Irish parliament when they made the law he should not meddle with ; it was not a matter within his own knowledge , but the act lay before him , and he apprehended that he was as well qualified to deal with its legal construction as a penal statute , as those who had construed it against the Catholics . There was one rule in the construction of statutes which had been but too often departed from by the greatest judges from an anxiety to do complete justice , but which could never be departed from without the utter destruction of all that constituted the superior value of the written law . The common law , which was the custom of the realm , could only be known by the decision of the judges , but a statute was always present to speak for itself : if its language would bear two constructions , judicial decisions would , and undoubtedly ought to consecrate the worst construction until the legislature interfered by a declaratory law on the subject ; but if it could bear but one possible construction without the violation of all its language ; no judgment or judgments of courts ought to be permitted to oppose that construction ; still more , if , as in the present instance , only one judgment , and still open to appeal , had been given upon a statute of our own times . But , whatever differences of construction might have divided learned men upon statutes regulating property , which were necessarily technical in their language by reference to tenures and other civil distinctions , which often occasioned ambiguity , the same difficulties could never present themselves in the Construction of penal , statute ; above all of a penal statute which was to regulate the conduct of the unlettered multitude , and to punish them for a breach of it . There not only sound policy , but common honesty and common sense demanded that you should speak to the multitude in popular language . It 464 was a noted badge of tyranny that laws were purposely hung up so high as not to be legible ; but in such cases men must read at their peril , and the reading was at least practicable ; but when laws were distorted by arbitrary constructions against their plain letter , there could be no possible safety for a people . The Convention act was made to prevent and