sects and opinions , which could only have the effect of ranging as it were in hostile array those who being kindred in blood and nation , differed only in religious creeds ; he was perfectly confident , that at present , the natives of Ireland were actuated by the warmest zeal to maintain the independence of the empire , whatever pains had been blindly taken to disunite them in the support of their common interests.—Another main object in view was , that the measure should not be temporary , but permanent ; and that , at the conclusion of every seven years , the census he proposed should be taken . The disadvantage resulting from bills of this nature , which were only made to answer an immediate object , was exemplified by the boasted returns , which the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Rose ) had laid upon the table , of the comparative numbers of the population of Great Britain in 1801 and 1811 , for it never could be credited that the immense apparent increase of a million and a half was owing to natural causes ; it was only to be accounted for by supposing , that the people in 1801 thought that the census was required for purposes of taxation , and therefore then , designedly , omitted a great number of persons , whose names were inserted in the returns of 1811 . He concluded 401 by moving , `` for leave to bring in a Bill for taking an account of the Population of Ireland , and of the increase or diminution thereof . '' was anxious to give the proposed Bill every support , and rose merely to vindicate himself from the implied accusation , that he ought before to have brought forward the measure . The truth was , he felt himself incompetent to so arduous a task as it appeared to be , on the very statement of the right hon . baronet ; but he denied that there was any design to conceal the extent of the Population of Ireland . He was as far as any man from wishing that any religious distinctions should be made to sever a people , whom he was fully convinced were zealously attached to the existing government ; and he concurred not less in the propriety of the census being taken at stated periods . With regard to what had been said on the returns of 1801 and 1811 , he could not admit that the difference was owing to the cause assigned by the right hon . baronet , for the accounts themselves bore internal evidence of their accuracy . In a few days the House would be put in possession of the returns , of the separate parishes , where the amount of burials and christenings would be stated , although they did not , he admitted , exactly keep pace with each other . observed , that it would be recollected that in the last week , on the motion of an hon . baronet ( Sir Francis Burdett , see p. 239 ) a return was ordered of the number of Police Magistrates , in which it was required also that they should state where their qualifications are , and what they `` are . '' By an act of parliament passed for the most wholesome purposes , all magistrates were required , before their appointment , to deliver in a statement of their qualifications , under severe penalties , and the House would observe , that if this order were complied with , it would be demanding of the magistrates that they should furnish evidence against themselves , which , he apprehended , even the hon . baronet himself would not wish to enforce . This objection had been suggested by the Attorney General , without any communication from any person interested , and he begged therefore to move , that that part 402 of the order be expunged . He had written a note to sir F. Burdett , informing him of his intention the day before yesterday , and was sorry not now