necessity of its diminution . This vote was given in consequence of the petitions and remonstrances and addresses from all parts of the kingdom ; for the people prayed , though hitherto they have prayed in vain , for rigid frugality , for the abolition of sinecures , useless places , exorbitant emoluments , unmerited pensions , and the unconstitutional influence of the crown . The honourable gentleman then asked , if there were no recent events that called for the interference of parliament ? Was not the appointment of four members of that House to places under the crown worthy of consideration ? It was not , however , his intention to argue the question or rest his case upon any single example , however flagrant and insulting : but upon the accumulated and aggregated mass of public abuses against which every man in the country , but those who profited by these abuses in possession , expectancy , or reversion , was at this hour raising his indignant voice , One case , however , namely , that of col. M'Mahon , ought not to be so passed over . If the Regent 's ministers were determined to make their stand upon Sinecure places , if they were resolved to grant no one prayer of the people of England , to abate not one shil- 392 ling from their burthens , or abolish one office , though reported against by two Committees of parliament , did it not occur to them , that some gallant friendless officer might be found who deserved reward ; and though the rigid duties of this House might compel them to question the propriety of the mode , no man would have questioned the claim ; and the Regent 's ministers would not only have stood acquitted of the suspicion of having endeavoured by criminal compliances to purchase royal favour , but they would have had to shew , that where the claimants were many and the rewards few , they had bestowed them where the voice of the country thought they were most merited . But was this the character of col. M'Mahon 's appointment ? What were his services ? What had he done to merit public remuneration ? What claim had he to one shilling of the public money ? He was an honourable man , and so they were all honourable men , but was he not amply rewarded for his services to the Prince , by the situation he holds in his family ? But it had been said , there was no need of such reform , as the number of persons sitting in parliament holding offices , were fewer now than at the period of the Revolution , or during the American war . To shew that the evil was lessened , was no conclusive argument to silence those who contended that it ought not to exist at all . What that evil was , every man 's experience must tell him . The history of the country will show that most of the burthens we bear and many of our misfortunes may be traced to the influence of the crown in his House . There were , too , persons who maintained what they are pleased to term the due influence of the crown . The question to be debated was not where due influence ends and undue begins ; but the direct influence of the crown in this House , like that which is used by members of parliament towards their constituents : the law calls it bribery , and that in the most offensive sense . But one would suppose by this strain of argument that the crown was in danger , that it could hardly maintain a precarious existence : Was that its real situation ? Was a revenue of eighty millions , an array and navy of the magnitude to which they had reached ; —the circumstance of every fifth man in the kingdom being a candidate for public , office ; —were these proofs of such decay of strength , or was there a rank so dis- 393 tinguished ,