. These , in consequence of their late conquests , were no longer wanted by them , and were therefore transferred to the crown . In the charge was also included a second battalion , which had been raised within the year to the 12th regiment of foot . The waggon-train had been also augmented . A considerable portion of this force was employed in the peninsula , and from the value set on their services by lord Wellington , two troops , which it had been in contemplation to reduce , were still retained . Of their utility , lord Wellington 's last dispatches bore honourable testimony , and two troops had been added , in consequence of the report which that noble lord had made of them . Adding two troops , and thus raising their number from nine to eleven , it was , however , to be observed , that they were still short of what they formerly were by one troop.—The noble lord , among other items , stated to the committee , that , in the miscellaneous services , there was an increase of expence amounting to 25,000l . The increase on this head would have been larger , but for the diminution on the Irish establishment . The increase arose from larger sums having been given to recruits than were formerly given . In the year 23,000 men had been raised , on which the charge was 513,000l . Last year , for the first time , a sum was specified for the recruiting service . It had , however , turned out , that the sum named had fallen short 70,000l . but the diminution in the Irish establishment , arising from the appropriation of beer money and contingencies , reduced the total increase to 25,000l . from the sum total 350,000l . might be deducted as applicable to other services.—He had another item to propose , under the head of allowances for the cure of wounds , and the loss of baggage of officers in the army . It was usual in such cases to give them a gratuity of a year 's pay , and to allow them certain other compensations . In the navy , however , it was usual to grant pensions in such cases , according to the rank of the officer at the time he received his wounds . His royal highness the Prince Regent , anxious to place the army on a better footing than heretofore , had commanded him to propose an additional vote on that head , for granting pensions to officers wounded in the army . If this proposition were agreed to , it was the wish of his Royal Highness to extend the provision retrospectively 896 to all who had been wounded since the commencement of the war in 1793 , and he was persuaded the House would be happy by their concurrence in such a motion , to mark the high sense they had of the services of those whom it was proposed to relieve.—He then took a view of the number and charge of the forces paid out of the revenues of the East India Company , and proceeded to take a survey of the state of the Militia . There , he observed , the hon . House would be quite surprised to find that there was a diminution in number amounting to 14,000 , while there appeared an increased charge of 800l . At the time the estimates were framed last year , the numbers of the militia considerably exceeded its regular establishment ; but as it was then in the contemplation of government to propose two measures to parliament on the subject ( the interchange of the militias , and the permitting them to volunteer into the line ) , they were not called upon then to make a provision suitable to the number then embodied , while a deduction was made of 150,000l . for non-effectives . On the Foreign Staff , Home Staff , and Irish Staff there appeared an increase of 75,000l . This he explained as arising in a great measure from