and punished jurors for the conscientious discharge of their duty . This he could prove to be a fact , and that the judge advocate there was the person who had so interfered . [ A cry of No ! from some gentleman on the opposite side . ] He insisted that his assertion was well founded ; and he could prove it to be so . He would however now proceed to America . The contest with America had been nothing hitherto but a war of words . The rule of 1756 , if it were intended to adhere to it , should never have been relaxed . If that rule was to be upheld , it should have been nailed to the mast of every British ship , and never , in any shape , given up ; but it was relaxed with respect to America by the order of the 7th of January . The Americans were then satisfied.— ( Hear ! from the opposite benches . ) —They were satisfied with the explanation , but not with the order by any means . This relaxation lasted from the 7th of January to the 11th of November . The right hon . gentleman opposite had then declared , that whole 996 coasts might be placed in a state of blockade , even without sufficient ships for carrying such resolution into effect ; and a precedent was brought from the conduct of this country and Holland against Louis 14 . He did not approve of that order which obliged the Americans first to come to this country , and after the payment of a certain duty , to depart with their cargoes for the continent . We had no right to insist upon neutrals first touching at our ports . Circumstances were in this posture in 1810 . They found Buonaparté not induced by the measures of this country to relax his decrees . The government of this country should then have consulted the interests of the country ; and when the Americans announced that Buonaparté had rescinded his decrees , they should have gladly seized the opportunity , and withdrawn the Orders in Council . On the contrary , the government said , they saw no bona fide repeal of the Berlin and Milan decrees . It was nonsense to talk of bona fides on the part of Buonaparté ; but if any opportunity had offered for recovering the commerce of the country , it should not have been lost . He had before avoided mentioning this subject , through an apprehension that it might injure any proceedings for an adjustment that were on foot . No such effect could now follow , for the papers on this subject were before the world , and he wondered how the production of them could have been refused on a former night . The minister had thought proper to refuse a committee for inquiring into the state of Ireland . When the simple subject with respect to that country was , whether Ireland should be our friend or our foe , —whether the empire was to derive that assistance from all her energies which Ireland was so well able to afford , and without which England could not continue to exist , sure he was that no more important matter could be brought before the wisdom of parliament . Even if Catholic emancipation were not to be granted , was that all that the Irish nation wanted ? Removing that entirely out of sight , was nothing to be done for the commerce of Ireland ? Were no schools to be established for the education of her children ? Could nothing be done with respect to her tithe system ? Were there not , in fact , a thousand points in which the interests of Ireland could be considered with-out reference at all to Catholic emancipation . He was sorry , that the government had not met the question of Ireland , 997 when it was last before the House , with more temper than they evinced . If 500 men chose to assemble in a room and even