when his salary was arranged , it was understood that he should find a house to reside in without any expence to himself ; but that not being the case , it had been deemed reasonable that he should be reimbursed the expence he was put to in procuring one . In this opinion the succeeding governments with which he corresponded had concurred . In addition to the above sums , he had been forced to the necessity of drawing for 1,000l . under the circumstances which he would state to the House . It was his usual practice to take from the banker at Constantinople the various sums which he wanted on public account , and the government here had taken such a length of time to examine and to pass his accounts , that the sum which he had mentioned had he-come due to the banker for interest before the money was remitted from Great Britain . He was sure that the House would not think that a debt so incurred ought to fall on him ; and he must here remark , that the tardiness evinced by each succeeding government to pass his accounts , supported as they were by the most unobjectionable vouchers , afforded no mean proof that the public disbursements of foreign 724 ministers were sufficiently checked and controuled . He had also to pay interest for money advanced by his banker to him , but he had taken care to separate all the sums which were on his private account , from that which was advanced for the public service . He now came to the second head , which was that of extraordinary disbursements . The first item was for messengers , 3,133l . 9s . 8¾d . He did not know whether this would appear to be a large sum for messengers , but upon his arrival at Constantinople , he put the establishment of messengers upon the most economical footing . He did not permit them to be upon the usual footing of messengers from England , but ascertained the expence of their journies , and he paid them accordingly . He had to carry on a very extensive correspondence not only with England , but with Petersburgh , Vienna , Bagdad , Egypt , the Morea , Albania , and other places which it was not necessary to enumerate . He had also to state , that in consequence of the great insecurity of the roads , he could scarcely ever carry on his correspondence by the post , but was obliged to send messengers . He therefore hoped the House would not think the expence too large . The next item he had to state was that of presents and money given to janissaries . It was necessary to observe , that a foreign minister could not obtain an audience with the ministers of the Porte without upon every occasion making presents to them : —the sum charged for this purpose was 1,899l . 10s . 5¾d . It might be supposed that as he gave , so he also received presents in return ; but this was not the fact , he had never received a single present , except two pelisses at his public audiences from the Sultan , which was in conformity with the custom of that court . The foreign ministers of other courts constantly received presents ; he , however , had never done so ; but he claimed no merit from this circumstance , as his immediate predecessor Mr. Drummond had first put an end to that practice . It had also been the custom of the foreign ministers to receive considerable sums of money from those persons who were under the protection of the mission , but he had never received any such sums ; here again he claimed no merit , as Mr. Drummond had also abolished that practice . He had therefore distinctly to state , that although be had made presents to 725 others , be never had in a single instance received one himself . ( A general cry of hear ! hear ! ) The next