and natural policy of the French government , since the stormy period of the Revolution . Commerce he represents as leading men into large societies and rendering them restless , inquisitive , and turbulent , while agriculture disperses them , tranquillizes them , and fits them for submission . Thus it appears that the enemy 's policy is war no less on commerce than on liberty , on the parent and the child , as indissolubly connected and nourishing and supporting each other by a natural and reciprocal operation . Thus it appears , that in the view of his stern and merciless policy , commerce is as hostile to all he aims at , the subjugation of the world , as it is friendly to all he hates—the freedom and the happiness of mankind . As for his power to accomplish his purpose , I do not mean to place an implicit confidence in the declarations of Buonaparté 's ministers , or the promises of his new made duke . But admitting him to be all deceit and treachery , a compound of trick and violence , restrained by no other feeling and no other obligation than a sense of his master 's interest , I will yet believe him whenever he undertakes to do what it is for his advantage should be done . If no commerce exists within the territory of France , and her system is as repugnant to it as I conceive it to be , it does not necessarily follow , that it should be extended to all her allies , because she well knows that , by indulging their trade she is preparing seamen for her own future navies . What , then , in the situation of things 1097 which I have described , ought to have been the counteracting policy of a state so situated as ours ? Ought it not to have had for its object to support and encourage our own commerce , and to foster neutrality wherever found , not to hazard both in the weak attempt to inflict upon the enemy injuries which he does not feel , and retort upon him his own injustice rather than consult our own interests ? If we had adopted the principle of encouraging neutrality , what description of neutrals would it have behoved us chiefly to favour , the dependants and allies of Buonaparté , those whose seamen are his seamen , and whose territory he may , in a moment of caprice , render an integral part of his own dominions ? Or ought we not rather to have looked to a people separated from that enemy by an ocean to him impassable , a people having a common origin , and speaking a common language with ourselves ; the only nation on earth except Britain , free from the domination of Buonaparté ? Let it be recollected , too , that this was a people who could not rival us in the most insignificant manufacture , a people every way so closely connected with us , that nothing short of the extremest madness and folly can ever produce a rupture between the two countries , a people that could not send out scarcely a single ship of war to oppose us until they shall be driven into hostilities , and whose political state is such as to indispose them to war , unless compelled to a premature exertion of their strength . Instead of a policy leading to such results , I humbly apprehend we should have acted more wisely in holding up the neutral character to respect , in avoiding all that had a tendency to injure or destroy it , because next to the calamity of a war with America , the greatest that can happen to British commerce , is a war between France and America . Such a war must co-operate with the designs of the enemy in destroying and excluding our commerce from every part of the continent . Such a war must immediately deprive this country of all those advantages which she enjoyed while America remained uncontrouled , and which rendered the