the stores , and whether they had arrived . The stores , he could state , were all gone , with the exception of about 50,000l . worth , which had not yet left the country , but would be applied to the same purpose with the rest . As to the expence arising from the extraordinary accumulation of stores abroad , his hon . friend would find that it principally occurred in Nova Scotia , Quebec , Bermudas , and other parts , the most exposed to America . In Newfoundland , the fortification of Signal Hill was already agreed to , which accounted for the increase in that part ; and in Barbadoes it had been long in contemplation to erect a military and naval depot for the convenience of expeditions sent out from this country . The eastern district , it was true , would take more money before it was finished , but he was surprised to hear it brought as a charge , that , contrary to the former custom so much blamed in that House , they had brought forward an estimate of the whole expence instead of misleading the public . The artillery corps consisted of nearly 6000 men and 6000 horses ; it would account for the expence , which was represented as so extraordinary , to reflect , that it consisted of thirty-three brigades . As a great part of the objections went to arraign the policy of the country , and as in the present instance the government acted but ministerially , he should leave the answers to other opportunities , this not being the occasion for general discussions of that kind . in the absence of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) , proposed to postpone the motion relative to the Catholics of Ireland to the 14th of April next . then rose and said that upon a question of so great importance to the empire at large , he had already thought it his duty to give notice , of his mention to move for a Call of the House , in order that there might be as large an assembly as possible of the members , to discuss and decide on that subject . He was aware that it had been stated , that this motion would meet with the general , if not the unanimous support of the country ; but he remained of the same opinion which he had before entertained and expressed , that those who indulged in such sentiments were deceived . The more and the deeper he could dive into the opinions and feelings of the majority of the people of this country , the more he was convinced that the measure proposed was one which would , in all its stages , meet with their disapprobation . He had no objection to accede to the proposed postponement ; but if the discussion were fixed for the 14th , he should content himself with giving notice , that he should move the Call of the House on Monday , the 13th of April , said , that he was as anxious as any member , that on the approaching discussion there should be as full a House as possible . So far the proposal for a Call had his perfect assent . He was not at all surprised at the conduct of the right hon . gentleman in the notice he had given ; for if any thing could mislead the people of England on this subject , they would be misled by his measures . From the solemnity with which the right hon . gentleman had given his notice , and the observations with which he had accompanied it , it appeared clear that the whole influence of the executive government of the country was to be employed , for the purpose of opposing the claims of the Roman Catholic petitioners of Ireland . From what had passed that night , he could also understand , that in the applications made under the advice of that right hon . gentleman , to those who were on fundamental and