the great body of the people , but as one which belonged only to the men of rank , wealth , consideration , and consequence , who , as such , were entitled to all the privileges existing , or which ought to exist , in a free country . The arguments of the noble lord in the 424 green ribbon , however , had succeeded , he had no doubt , with the House , as they unquestionably had done with him , in shewing that the reasoning of the noble earl who had brought forward the motion , was untenable . The question had been treated by the noble lord in the green ribbon , and by other noble lords , as one of expediency . The noble earl who originated the motion , and those who agreed with him , treated the subject as involving a question of right which had been withheld from the higher orders , while every thing that was necessary for them had been granted to the lower ranks of the people . In this he could not agree . He contended that where there was any thing which existed as a matter of right , it must be common to all . It was a narrow view of a subject to suppose that where a thing was demanded as a right , the higher orders only were to be benefited by it . It was of the essence of a free constitution , that a man , however low , may rise to the highest situation in the state : and this brought his lordship to consider from whence arose the unhappy state of Ireland , which all must agree in deploring . He might be told that it arose from a vicious system which prevailed throughout . For his own part , he was convinced it arose from the repeal of the penal laws , and from giving to the Roman Catholics , privileges which till of late years , they had not enjoyed , while at the same time , some farther privileges which they wished , but which were with held , lest the granting them might be attended with danger to the country in general , were denied them . Though he deplored extremely that penal laws should ever have been esteemed necesary to have been imposed ; and also lamented the height to which at one time they had been carried , still he was satisfied that there was a policy or rather a necesity for those penal statutes at the time they were imposed . At the time the penal code was imposed , the Protestants were smarting under a severe rod , from the abuse of power by a Roman Catholic parliament . The Roman Catholics had then attainted 3,000 Protestants , seizing and confiscating their property—and had repealed the act of Henry 8 , by which Ireland was annexed to Great Britain . The Protestants did from that time exercise a vigour which did not belong to them from their numbers , but which it was necessary for them to resort to for their own safety . When noble lords looked into the statute book , and saw 425 the alterations and ameliorations in the condition of the Roman Catholics which had taken place in the course of the present reign , he was satisfied they would agree , that never was there a time in which so many changes of a favourable nature , had , within the same period , been made in the situation of any class of men , in any country , as had during the present reign , been made in behalf of the Catholics of Ireland . If he were to refer to the statute book , and to state what the law had been , and what it now was , noble lords , he was convinced , would agree with him in bearing testimony to the peculiar benignity with which this particular class of his Majesty 's subjects had been treated . The increased wealth and population of Ireland were the best comments on the