Catholics ; for he should enter the Committee with a feeling that he never could concede what was demanded . Without pledging himself one way or the other ; without venturing to state a decided opinion on the subject of the Catholic claims , he felt insuperable objections to the motion . He could not agree to the formation of this Committee , in the slender hope , that , during the collision of debate , some security might arise . Such a mode would be degrading and insulting to the Catholic body.—With respect to the government of Ireland , deeply slandered as it had been by several gentlemen , he was not officially connected with it , so as to state the case with all that accuracy which the weight and importance of the subject demanded . But this he would say , that a government more moderate in its conduct , or more acceptable to the people of Ireland , although some circumstances of irritation had occurred , was never seen in that country . Much had been said of that government ; both as to its construction of the Convention act , and the manner in which it was carried into execution . At the head of the law authorities in that country was placed a nobleman , a near relation of his , than whom ' a more honourable or dignified character did not exist ; and he could not help observing ; with feelings which he hoped no person could blame ; that that noble lord ; and the law officers of the crown , had not been commented on with justice or candour . Whatever might be the opinion of other persons , on reading that act of parliament , he was willing to stand with the judgment of the whole of the judges , in the court of King 's bench of Ireland , against the speculative ideas which had been promulgated . However he might respect the pinion delivered by an hon . and learned gentleman ( sir A. Pigott ) last night ; however unwilling he should be to advance an interpretation of his own , in contradiction to it , still he would express him- 622 self satisfied with that construction which had been put on the act in Ireland ; and he sincerely hoped , as well as the hon . gentleman who spoke last , that the question would come before the dernier resort for final adjudication . It had been said , that no person should be arrested , except in cases of treason , felony , or actual breach of the peace . Now , if the hon . and ' learned gentleman who supported that opinion , would inquire , he would find that the uniform practice in Ireland was , to commit for misdemeanors tending to a breach of the peace . He would go farther , and say , if that hon . and learned gentleman had looked into the law books at home , he would have discovered , that it had been done in this country . The point was argued in the King's-bench , and the warrant was held legal . That was in a case of libel , which made the decision still more strong in favour of his argument.—Gentlemen had argued , that no time more favourable than the present could be selected for the consideration of this question . In his opinion , there might ; and he grounded himself on the conduct of the Catholics themselves . He bowed to their authority ; they best knew their own interests—yet they had not pressed the question forward—they had presented no petitions to either House of Parliament . He concurred with them , and conceived the time completely unfit . He also thought it was a most inopportune period to examine the conduct of the Irish government , when the proceedings were in a course of legal investigation . Such an investigation could only tend to warp the fair , regular , and constitutional course of the law . Seeing no good reason to enter into the Catholic