to receive , and of the British people to bestow ; a revenue as useful and advantageous to the subject as to the crown . He wished to see the dignity of the sovereign upheld by a fixed and certain and ample stipend ; not by a revenue which sometimes placed him in the light of a land-jobber , or in the character of a buccaneer . If he did not greatly err , this was the proper doctrine of parliament , the true language of the constitution . It would be endless to go through all the items ; but there was one grant of 21,610l . which had been before animadverted on , made to an hon . officer , a member of that House , ( sir Home Popham ) to reimburse him for private losses . There was another to a clergyman , of the name of Daniels , to the amount of about 6,000l . for giving information relative to illegal captures . Another grant appeared of 700l . to an officer , as an indemnification for having been illegally prosecuted . But if the law were inadequate to remedy such grievances , 257 was there no other mode by which the object might be accomplished , but to place an enormous fund , a fund of which parliament had no account , at the disposal of the minister of the crown ? The proper and only constitutional course was unquestionably to apply to parliament ; and if the case was a case of hardship , a case placed beyond the reach of the justice of the law , it was by parliament that the evil ought to be redressed . Had the officer so indemnified been differently situated , if instead of being possessed of some influence with ministers , he had been a man friendless and unconnected , was it probable that he would have ever tasted the benefits of ministerial bounty ? Here was another proof that the existence of such a fund was prejudicial at once , directly and indirectly , and furnished a fresh argument for its immediate abolition . The following item that occurred to him was , the expences paid to captors , whose prizes had not been condemned , and who had been adjudged themselves to pay costs . Another item , the last upon which he should trouble the House , referred to the expences paid to the captors of such vessels as were brought in for prizes , but not condemned , in consequence of some defect in evidence . Under this head , 3,8,000l . was given to one individual , 4,000l . to another , and 3,000l . to a third . It might be right and necessary to support the energy of the service , that some such grants should be made in such cases , in order to indemnify the individuals against the costs of court ; at the same time he thought it hardly respectful to those courts , to suppose that they would condemn in costs the cases which had only failed for want of proof ; but this , as he had already said , was not the way to provide for them . Those funds had in them a mixture of violence and injustice ; the fraud to which they tempted the executive rendered them most objectionable ; they were liable to abuse , and they had been abused . It was unnecessary to add any more cases in illustration of what he said ; but in concluding , he could not help exhorting the House to reflect , that if ever it should unfortunately happen that a monarch of this country should have an adviser unskilled in the principles of the constitution , or not caring for its principles , without a knowledge of the disposition of the people , or disregarding that disposition , who , seeing that boldness was the shortest and simplest method of government , 258 might also conclude it was the best , and blinded by avarice or servility , should adopt a conduct corresponding with such notions , as had