convention would issue opinions directly opposite to those of the other . He would ask , also , if such a convention had a right to sit for a day or a week , why not for a month or a year—or as long as parliament should sit , or as long as it pleased ? If however , no noble lord could shut his mind to the dangers of such a convention—if all must agree that such a representative assembly should be crushed in its very commencement , then the Irish government should not be reprehended for doing what the English government , in a case exactly analogous , would , be reprehended for not doing . If he were asked what precedent , what law , he , could adduce in support of his opinions , he would answer , the immemorial usage of our 415 ancestors ; the non-existence , during any period of our history , of such a scheme of representation , ( for the convention of the Revolution was not a corresponding case ) ; and , lastly , its incompatibility with the nature of our constitution . The law , then , had dictated to the Irish government the course which it was their duty to pursue . An act of parliament had dictated the same course—and they had pursued it . He wished the noble lords to recollect , that when the provisions of that statute were first debated in that House , no noble lord had objected to the construction of that act , but to the method of promulgating it . The noble lords on the opposite side had recommended the method by proclamation ; the Irish government had adopted that method on the present occasion ; and if the Irish Catholics had entertained any respect for the two Houses of Parliament , or for the ordinances of their own government , they would have desisted from a farther prosecution of their plan . On the contrary , what steps had they taken ? The Irish government , in exact compliance with the proposition of noble lords on the other side of the House , had , on one day , issued a proclamation ; they had at the same time addressed a communication to the head of the Catholic body : but the very next day a counter-proclamation appeared from the Catholics . Thus they set themselves in direct opposition , in evident and open hostility , to the government ; and was this a time to submit to their pretensions and adopt conciliatory measures ? The government were accused of exciting discontent among the Catholics ; but how had they done so ? By enforcing the laws . Surely , not to those who enforced , but to those who broke the laws , should be imputed the blame of exciting discontent . The conduct of the duke of Richmond , so far from being reproachable , appeared to him to deserve great praise for its conciliatory spirit and forbearance , as long as such forbearance was legally possible . For to what excess might not the principle and plan of the convention have been carried ? How had America proceeded when it wished to separate itself from this kingdom ? Was it not by means of a representative assembly ? The government , it appeared , had exerted itself with vigour to crush a dangerous convention . Would the noble lords desert them in this laudable attempt ? Would they not rather second them , and confirm their acts ? All that was loyal in 416 Ireland would look to parliament for that firm assistance which it was wont to receive from it . Should this be granted , then all the dangers with which we were menaced would soon pass away . The noble lord then stated , in conclusion , that had the conduct of the Irish government been weak and pusillanimous , there would have been cause of fear ; but since , on the contrary , it had been bold and determinate , since it had with persevering firmness upheld the laws against