to punish seditious assemblies of persons delegated by large bodies of the people , who thereby under colour and pretence of petitioning for redress of grievances , were in fact conspirators against the government , by overawing its deliberations . This was the offence attributed to lord George Gordon , and his multitude , in 1730 , when he ( lord E. ) was counsel for that noble lord , who was indicted for high treason . This also was the accusation against the prisoners , for whom he had been also counsel on the State Trials at the Old Bailey , still well remembered . They were all delegates of large bodies of people petitioning for reform of parliament . But was the delegation the crime or was it even thought of as any offence whatsoever ? No ; if the delegation had been an offence , his noble and learned friend on the woolsack need not have spoken as he did for hours together , to establish the case of the crown ; but the details he entered upon were all absolutely incumbent upon him , to make out the colour and pretence imputed to these prisoners ; because it was the purpose and design for which they were delegated , and not the delegation , which was the enquiry before the court . The delegation was a notorious fact , which neither could be nor ever was questioned by any body as illegal . He admitted , however , that although such delegations by multitudes under colour and pretence of petitioning , might be the only occasion of the law , and be so recited in the preamble , yet if the delegation had afterwards in the enacting part been in terms afterwards prohibited , in order to avoid any possible pretences ; in that case , the law would undoubtedly attach upon the late meetings in Ireland ; and before he saw the act it had been so represented to him ; but he found upon afterwards looking at it , that on the contrary , after reciting in its preamble that delegations had taken place not for bona fide petitioning , but under pretence of it , and after having thus given a distinct interpretation , to the word 'pretence ' as it 465 was intended to be used by the legislature , it went on not to prohibit all delegations , but in the very same language to which it had itself given a distinct meaning , it only prohibited delegations under pretence of petitioning . How then , was it possible to assert in a court of justice that this law had been broken by the Catholics , without first ascertaining that the Catholic delegations took place , not for the real object of petitioning , but under the colour and pretence , of it . The same evil purposes had been imputed , no matter for the present argument whether justly or unjustly , to the people of this country , when the bill to prevent seditious assemblies was passed . But there the statute fairly spoke the intention of its authors , and prohibited meetings of persons not merely assembled under the pretence of petitioning for reform of parliament , but `` for the purpose or under the pretence . '' Whatever differences of opinion might therefore have arisen on the policy of that act , it laid no snare for the people ; and the drawing up the act in those terms by the law servants of the crown at that time confirmed him strongly in the construction which he had put upon the act on which he had been now commenting . concluded by saying that he should be ready to give up these opinions when the House might be afterwards assembled in its judicial character . He should then listen to the arguments at the bar for a contrary construction , with impartial attention , and should feel no kind of embarrassment in declaring himself convinced by them ; but as the breach of this law had been set up as of itself a complete bar to entering