it . wished the House to remark , that the hon . mover 694 of this Bill had at length admitted , that it would not have any effect in reducing the public expenditure ; and that whatever might be its policy , it was not on the ground of being , in the slightest degree , calculated to save the public money , or to relieve the people from their burdens , that he recommended it to the House . Both parties now understood one another . The object that the Bill had in view was comparatively of little magnitude ; whenever , on former occasions , it had been pressed forward by members with a strong feeling of its importance , he had never felt any disposition to oppose its progress ; but although he had not deemed it worth while on former occasions to resist it , circumstances , it would be admitted , might since have occurred , which might render it necessary for him to express his dissent from the measure . If , in the first place , the Resolution of the House had been to abolish nearly all offices that could , be granted in reversion , the maintenance of the few that it might be thought right to continue , would scarcely be deemed a matter of sufficient consequence to induce any opposition to the general plan ; but if , in the second place , the House and the country should be of opinion , that the great mass should remain for the reward of meritorious services , and only a few be abolished , then it would not be considered advisable to support a measure so extremely limited in its operation . He certainly , on the general principle , felt no greater disposition now to oppose the Bill than he had done upon former occasions , but finding by the experience of the last and preceding years , that it was likely to meet with serious resistance elsewhere , and deeming the provisions themselves of little moment , he did not think that there was any necessity for raising a topic of disagreement which might be attended with greater evils than those which the Bill proposed to remedy . If , indeed , it could be shewn that great constitutional injury ; would result from the rejection , it doubtless would be expedient to carry it through the House . His hon . friend had observed , that any proceedings which had occurred , or any pertinacity which had been shewn formerly to this measure in another place , ought not to be adverted to by that House in contemplating the subject , but sorely he would admit that it would be right in the first instance to examine on which side that pertinacity had been shewn , whether by the supporters or 695 by the opponents of the Bill , and then another question would arise , from whose pertinacity most injury was likely to arise . He conceived that this measure , from erroneous opinions within , and popular clamour without that House , bad been swelled to a magnitude which by no means be longed to it . No such important results could be derived from it , as many seemed anxious to suppose . Separated as it now was from such ideas , by the candid admission of his hon . friend , who acknowledged that the effect would be rather to increase than to diminish the influence of the crown , and that as a measure of economy it would operate nothing , at least some of the main grounds on which this erroneous opinion and popular clamour rested , were removed : —stripped of these two principal advantages , the naked Bill must be acknowledged to be so insignificant in every point of view , that it was in reality not worth supporting . He trusted , notwithstanding he had fallen in with the strong sentiment expressed in favour of the Bill on former occasions , that the House would do him the justice to believe that he now resisted it from a