a principle , as that it was always necessary to vote a certain sum of money for the natural assumption of the royal authority . He hoped , that it was not the right hon . gentleman 's intention to consider a king or regent of England in the light of an ambassador , whom it was necessary to equip out in a particular way . replied , that he had intended the words to apply both retrospectively and prospectively , and had no objection to introduce those expressions into his motion . He certainly meant that the sum should cover the expences both of the temporary regency , which his Royal Highness had passed through , and of the permanent regency into which he was about to enter . No dangerous precedent could possibly be afforded , because in the event of the demise of the crown , the Regent would of necessity succeed to the property of the crown , and no parliamentary grant could then be required . apprehended , that at least his Royal Highness should have been advised to send a message to the House on the subject . He did not think parliament justified in asking his Royal Highness to accept of 100,000l . unless they officially knew that he required it . He most willingly admitted the delicacy of the Regent conduct during the early part of his regency , in declining to make any addition to the national burthens by the acceptance of an increased revenue , and 229 he allowed that his Royal Highness 's subsequent expences must have been very considerable . Parliament ought to behave towards the Prince Regent with liberality ; but it was to the mode in which the measure was proposed that he objected , and he recommended to the right hon . gentleman to withdraw his motion until Wednesday , in order to word it in a manner more satisfactory to the House ; for he confessed that he did not like the words `` prospectively and retrospectively . '' proposed , after the word `` expences , '' to introduce the words , `` which have been or may be . '' could not allow this question to pass without making a few observations . However invidious it was to oppose such a grant for his Royal Highness , under the present circumstances , still , he felt it his duly , as a member of parliament , to oppose the vote until such a Message should be sent down to the House as was usual in such cases . The country had last year given great credit to his Royal Highness for the communication which he had caused to be made to the House , of his intention of not laying any additional burthens on the country , for the expences he might be put to in assuming the Regency . For this communication his Royal Highness had most deservedly obtained great credit ; but having so received it , he thought that it appeared somewhat extraordinary , that a sum of 100,000l . should be demanded by the minister for the expences which had been already incurred , as well as those that would be necessary now . He wished to know in what ' manner this sum was to be divided , between expences past and expences to come : He wished to know what were the additional sums which had been expended , or whether there had been any increase of visible splendour about his Royal Highness since he assumed the regency . He did not mean to say , however , that the sum was too much to grant ; nor had he any means of knowing whether it was sufficient . He thought , however , that it was necessary that the House should be informed in the regular parliamentary way by a message , and not by the mere assertion of a minister , what sum of money was required , and for what purposes . thought that the hon . gentleman seemed to have forgotten , 230 that the circumstances were very-different under which that communication