might be made on the statements he had had the honour to make . The noble lord then concluded by moving his first Resolution . complimented the noble lord on the perspicuous statement be had made , and expressed his satisfaction at the success which had attended the recruiting for the line . He lamented , at the same time , the frequent change of system in some departments , for instance the cavalry , by which the country was put to great expence.—He then adverted to the Corps de Depot , not noticed by the noble lord , and inquired why it was not noticed ? He feared that the college at Sandhurst would exceed the estimate : its object was good , but he hoped that economy would be practised . There was one part of the Estimates to which he had not only a strong objection , but would take the sense of the Committee upon it , or if he did not press it to night , he should certainly when the report was brought up . He alluded to the item in the 32d page of the Estimates , of a sum of 2,790l . to be paid to the Paymaster of Widows ' Pensions . He saw that charge with unaffected surprise ; and he thought that such an office should not be filled up at such a time , in the very teeth of a Resolution entered on the Journals 900 of that House , and made on the 31st of May , 1810 . That Resolution stated that it was expedient to abolish all offices executed by deputy . Was it not , then , a most extraordinary matter , and one which it would well become the House to examine , that an office , such as he was now alluding to , should , in defiance of the sense of the House , be filled up , when , it was evident , there was no effective duties to discharge ? The case , too , was the more extraordinary when it was remembered that commissioners , military commissioners , appointed by a government whose views were not peculiarly favourable to the abolition of sinecure places , had reported of this very office , `` That it was executed entirely by deputy and clerks , that the principal never appeared at all in the business , that the office appeared to them unnecessary , that the public derived no benefit from it , that it was a perfect sinecure to the principal , and not much less so to the deputy , and that , as it created an unnecessary expence to the public , it ought no longer to exist . '' When these circumstances were joined together in the remembrance of the House , he should not think that parliament did its duty , if such a manifest violation of its Resolution was permitted ; and when , therefore , the Resolution which related to that estimate was proposed , he should move for its deduction , and if he failed in obtaining it , which he could hardly imagine would be the case , he would take a further opportunity of resisting it when the Report of the Committee was received . rose and spoke as follows : —Sir , I must intreat the indulgence of the House for a few moments , on a subject which of late has so frequently been brought before its consideration . I mean , Sir , the office of Receiver and Paymaster to the Widows ' Pensions . At the time , Sir , when the Prince Regent was graciously pleased to confer upon me this office , his Royal Highness , as has been already stated by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , certainly gave it to me subject to the will and pleasure of this House . On such conditions , Sir , most certainly I accepted it , and to that will and pleasure I now most implicitly bow . Sir , I must beg to observe , that this goodness on the