in travelling across the continent , and keeping up his establishment at Constantinople even before he had arrived there , was so great , that he found he had incurred a very large debt with his agent in England , and that it was impossible to subsist upon the salary allowed to him . He therefore drew upon government for 5,732l . 4s . 2d . for his extraordinary expences since his departure from this country . If this sum of 5,732l . were divided into three parts , it would add 1,910l . for each of the three years that he was employed upon his mission , and the net salary which he had thus received would amount in the whole to 8,362l . a year . He could assure the House that he had , during the whole time he was thus employed , lived as economically as he possibly could ; yet he was under the necessity of spending every shilling of his private income , besides taking 3,000l . from 727 the principal of his private fortune , and he was now actually paying the debts which during his mission he had contracted . He was not making any complaints , or looking for compensation . He could assure the House he felt more pleasure in detailing these losses , than he should have in stating that his private fortune had received any increase from his public missions . ( Here there was a general cry of hear , hear ! from all sides of the House . ) When he undertook this mission , he had been told that he was going upon a new service—that they did not know what salary to allow him , but that care should be taken that he should not be ruined . He had not only gone beyond his salary on this occasion , but , if he were to go into particulars , he could shew , if necessary , that upon the several missions on which he had been employed , he had spent several thousand pounds more than he had received . He did not say that he had been ruined ; but he could say that if he had now all the sums which he had spent upon his missions beyond the salary he received , he should have sufficient to purchase an annuity equal to the pension he should receive from the country if he were not in office . A noble lord , a friend of his , had most liberally refused to take the pension allowed to foreign ministers ; but he would throw himself upon the candour of the House , and ask , whether having thus impoverished his fortune and deprived his children of many thousand pounds , he could be expected to act as liberally as his noble friend to whom he had alluded . He had thought it right to mention this fact respecting his noble friend , because though he knew it , the public might not . He had omitted in its proper place to state the mode which be had adopted with a view to guard against any overcharge or improper expence in the building of the palace . Not being able to examine the bills of the different workmen in that country , he had directed a dragoman to investigate all their accounts , and to him he had entrusted the care and management of the whole of the building . When these accounts had been thus investigated and examined , they were delivered over to Mr. Morier , his Majesty 's counsel , who from his long residence in Turkey was well qualified for the task , and he was directed to make every observation which occurred to him upon them . It was not till this full examination had taken place 728 that the accounts were transmitted to England , and he trusted , that from what he had stated , the vouchers for each separate expence being deposited in the foreign office , it would not appear that he had acted incorrectly in the manner in which he had conducted