Elector of Hesse , or as it was then called , the Foreign Loan . One half of these were to be paid by commissioners appointed for the purpose ; and the other half being an 372 obligation of honour , his royal highness took on himself . There were a number of creditors , from whose accounts a deduction of ten per cent . was taken by the persons appointed to investigate them . From many this deduction was properly made , and from others not . But his royal highness thought himself in honour bound to pay this to them all . It was at this time clearly understood that his income was to suffer no defalcation , but that a certain proportion of it was to be applied in payment of his debts . The income tax had then ceased , but being soon after renewed , by the strict letter of the law , his royal highness became subject to the property tax , by which means 12,000l . a year of that fund , which his officers had calculated upon for the discharge of his debts , was swallowed up , and produced a considerable embarrassment . In these circumstances they went on for two or three years ; and in the years 1808 or 1809 there were other demands of a personal nature which fell on his royal highness , and he , anxious to save the public from any fresh burden on account of his family in a time of war , himself discharged this obligation , to the amount of 49,000l . These different sums , on which he had no idea he should have been called on to pay , amounted to 175,000l . These were assets which his royal highness had a right to calculate on , and which would have gone a considerable length in the payment of his debts . There was , however , another peculiarity in the situation of his royal highness . He lived in a royal palace , and for his house , unlike all other royal palaces , he had been obliged to pay taxes and other burdens , even where the furniture was not his own , to the amount of upwards of 4,000l . a year . He had even laid out sums of money in repairing and beautifying what was really a royal palace . These sums in the whole would ' go nearly to the full payment of all the debts of his royal highness , excluding the foreign claims . Up to the year 1809 , his royal highness had paid 12,000l . a year to the Princess of Wales , and from that time he had encreased it to 17,000l . So that the amount of his obligations at this moment exceeded 53,000l . a year ; and , in the situation in which his royal highness was now placed , having to step from Prince of Wales to Prince Regent , his first wish was , that those obligations of honour should , not be defeated , while at the same time as little additional burden 373 as possible should ; be thrown on the country . If there was a measure , calculated to effect this object , he ( Mr. Adam ) thought the present was that measure . From 16 to 17,000l . a year additional was necessary to liquidate all these demands , and his royal highness could not , in these circumstances , propose to hand over to the Civil List a greater sum than 50,000l . a year . He was in hopes , however , that the affairs of the Civil List might after this be carried on without any additional burden to the country ; The Prince of Wales made no additional charge on the public on his own account . Supposing for a moment he was to give up the 70,000l. ? Suppose he was to come to parliament , and ask of them as he did before ? If he addressed himself ad verecundiam of gentlemen , he could not doubt that they would think it