discussion 884 which had just taken place , when the House was animated with those feelings which the eminent services of the noble earl had aroused , it would be a pleasing , though melancholy task to do justice to the character of major-general Robert Craufurd , who , at the head of the storming party which he most gallantly led to the attack of Ciudad Rodrigo , received a severe wound , which ultimately deprived him of life , and left the country to lament the loss of a most able , skilful , and gallant officer . The only means of recognizing the merit of his services , would be by the erection of a monument to his memory , and therefore moved , `` That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , that he will be graciously pleased to give directions that a Monument be erected in the cathedral church of St. Paul , London , to the memory of major-general Robert Craufurd , who died in consequence of a wound he received on the 19th day of January 1812 , while he was gloriously leading on the light division to the storm of Ciudad Rodrigo , by which that fortress was wrested from the possession of the enemy ; and to assure his Royal Highness that this House will make good the expense attending the same . '' regretted his absence during the discussion on the late vote , which precluded him from adding his tribute of applause to the character of the earl of Wellington—an applause which , with the exception of the hon . baronet , and , perhaps , of a very few persons out of doors , would be found general . The character of the lamented major-general Robert Craufurd rested on his own merits , and was but to be appreciated by the testimonies of the gallant army in which he bore command ; that army , on his return from abroad , had recorded his merits , by an involuntary burst of applause , when he first appeared on parade . The noble lord could not avoid partaking of the feelings which his brother officers evinced when recollecting his merits ; his character had been observed by another officer nearly allied to the noble lord . After he had received his death wound , to the moment of his death , he was at the foot of that breach which had been effected by his determined gallantry : the testimony and admiration of his conduct which the illustrious army had shewn would serve as a remembrance of his departed worth . rose to lay before the committee the Estimates for the service of the Navy during the present year . The principal feature of difference , he observed , would be found in a reduction of about 500,000l . below the estimates of the last year and of the year before the last . He did not feel it incumbent on him to go into much detail on the subject , but should be extremely willing to answer any questions or communicate any information that might be deemed desirable . The grant for which he should then move would fall short of the vote of last year in another sum of 80,000l . appropriated to the expences of the new Breakwater in Plymouth Sound . As this subject was soon to be taken into consideration , he thought it better to defer moving for that sum at present . The right hon . gentleman then gave a short history of the reductions effected in the navy debt during the two last years . From these savings , and partly owing to the liberal provision made last year by parliament , be felt himself justified in concluding from the state of part of the naval expenditure which was called Wear and Tear , the service would require a sum less than that of last year by 514,000l . There was only one additional point to which he wished to call the attention of the House , and that was , the propriety of making some