the common assertion of Buonapartâ , that the 1012 English break their faith as soon as they are pressed by circumstances ? Would it not induce all nations to combine against us in one common effort to precipitate our ruin ? And if ruin should ensue , should we not fall without pity ? Posterity would say , that England was once , indeed , a noble country , and held herself out as the protectress of the liberty of the world ; yet , at last she disappointed the hopes of nations—she gave way to her fears : for the sake of ignominious safety , she abandoned her courage—her honour—her faith : she consented to resign all that makes existence valuable , 'et propter vitam vivendi perdere causas ' . The hon . baronet might , perhaps , call these sentiments magnificent chimeras , —he might ask , what , if we should fail ? To this he would answer , `` But screw our courage to the sticking place , `` And well not fail . '' , without entering into a consideration of the ordinary forms of parliamentary proceeding , was of opinion , that a motion had never been submitted to the House , for which there existed more justifiable or stronger grounds . He entertained no wish to hold a desponding tone , or to think meanly of the public resources , but he could not perceive how acceding to the present motion , would be any confession of weakness , or betray any marks of pusillanimity . He did see , however , powerful arguments for going into the proposed committee . Among these were the extensive distresses of our commerce , the decay of our manufactures , a perilous foreign war , the nature of our relations with America , and unappeased discontent in Ireland . If any combination of circumstances could be imagined to create a necessity on the part of the House for entering into a grave consideration of the condition of the country , such a necessity did now exist . To every other motive was to be added , the consideration that the country was now governed by a divided , distracted , and inefficient administration . That ministry had recently lost the talents of marquis Wellesley , and he was sure that whatever difference of opinion might subsist upon some of his measures , no man would deny to him the reputation of an enlarged and statesman like capacity . He thought , therefore , that the ministry had lost much of their strength by the secession of the noble marquis , and was besides rather weakened by the accession of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) . [ Loud cries of 1013 hear , hear ! ] He meant no personal disrespect , but from a review of the past conduct of the noble lord the country could not form any favourable augury of future triumphs and successes , and although he did not ascribe all the calamitous events of the times to his conduct , he did think they had been greatly aggravated 'by it . Instead of conceiving that the notice of an hon . and learned friend of his was any bar to this enquiry , he begged to know how a motion of that grave and important nature could be better submitted than in a committee of the whole House inquiring into the general situation of the country . He had lately heard reports , of the truth of which he knew nothing , as to the intentions of government in respect to a particular question . He had heard that the supporters of ministers were to be let loose and suffered to give an unbiassed vote on a question of vital importance , he meant that of the Catholic claims . He should be glad to find this the fact , and he was confident , that if every man in that House should express his real sentiments , it would be then his lot to vote in one of the largest majorities that ever appeared in parliament . But while alluding