or station so obscure , as had not something to gain or to lose , to hope or to fear , from the favour or displeasure of the crown ? If , indeed , these were proofs of the diminished authority of government to warrant filling parliament with placemen and pensioners , it might be asked of these advocates for a feeble and powerless monarchy , when they would be satisfied of its strength ? But if a parliament was free from such an influence , if it were modelled upon the purest form , would the crown be in danger ; would the government stop ? Is it meant to be argued that placemen and pensioners are the bulwarks of the monarchy ; and that the constitution is in danger if the parliament be not patched ? Would not 658 gentlemen free from this contaminating influence have a due regard to the constitution under which they lived ? —if money was wanted for just and necessary wars , would they not grant it ? —if for the proper splendour of the crown , would they refuse it ? or would they not be as ready as any pensioned parliament that ever sat , to place at the disposal of the crown , the hearts , and the hands , and the purses of its people ? —A parliament of this description would not plunge the country in unjust and unnecessary wars against its own kindred and its own subjects , nor would it keep up a code of merciless proscription and odious intolerance . They would not support any and every minister solely because he was appointed by the crown ; nor shift round and turn when caprice or bigotry , religious or political , or an entire want of principle , induced the crown to change or to keep its advisers . They would not entrench themselves against public criticism , by privileges of doubtful law and odious exercise , in imitation of that Tory faction in the time of king William , who first found it necessary to distinguish between the House of Commons and the people . Nor would they acquit from blame , and screen from punishment , men who had wasted their gallant soldiery in expeditions begun in ignorance and persevered into the destruction of the miserable victims to the folly and incapacity of their commanders . And above all , such a parliament would never have consented to that Bill of Indemnity , which , placing under the protection of the law men who had broken all law , furnished by that fatal example impunity to crime , and by stifling the voice of the oppressed against the oppressor , forced 394 men to look to some other quarter besides English law and English government , if not for protection , at least for revenge . It was , then , for these reasons he intended to propose a clause disqualifying all those who should hold offices under the Bill from sitting in the House of Commons . said , he agreed with many parts of the speech of the hon . gentleman who had just sat down , but thought he had not quite done himself justice ; for he had not only put the House in possession of his future motion , but of his future speech . With regard to those points of his speech which went to object to offices being granted to members of that House , he should agree with his hon . friend , ( if he would permit him so to call him ) if he could do away ancient and deep-rooted prejudices . If his hon . friend could persuade all noblemen and persons of a certain rank in life to forego their wishes for such offices as the Post-master-General 's , and others of the like kind , he should be very happy to coincide with him . There was one part of his speech , however , in which he could not agree with his hon . friend , and that was , where he arraigned the appointment of colonel M'Mahon ,