. replied , that the right hon . gentleman had misunderstood him , for that the copper which he had seen at Portsmouth was new copper made at the Portsmouth mill.—He did not consider the House of Commons a proper place to investigate the comparative merits , either in point of quality or price of copper , or any other article . But if the right hon . gentleman would order an investigation to be made into the subject at the Admiralty , and would furnish him with such accounts as he would point out as necessary for the subject , he was confident that the right hon . gentleman would be convinced that the copper sheathing furnished by the Portsmouth mill was worse in quality , and higher in price , than the article could be bought at from private manufacturers ; and if so convinced , he was confident that no person would be more anxious than the right hon . gentleman himself to correct the abuse complained of . conceived that the only objection to the Portsmouth copper was , that it was put into the rollers before it was cleansed . With respect to the proposed arrangement respecting the chaplains , he wished to see the duty of the schoolmaster united to that of the chaplain . The hon . admiral then alluded to the construction of a new ship called the Tremendous , and trusted there were not many more to be built upon the same construction , as he understood the timbers were rotten . replied , that the report on that ship Would , he believed , convince the House that the Tremendous was not rotten ; the only doubt was as to her decks . There was , he could assure the hon . admiral , only one more ship to be built on that principle . approved of the proposed amelioration of the situation of the chaplains , and the combining with it the instruction of the youth of the navy . It 888 was well known that navy officers went to sea at such an early period of life , that they were nearly precluded from the advantage of previous education . observed , that at the time of the battle of Trafalgar we had only 125,000 seamen ; that since that period our naval success had been constant and progressive , and yet we now thought proper to keep up a naval force of 145,000 . Sir Francis D'Ivernois was well known to be no friend to the French government ; but he had thought proper to praise the distinct mode in which the French public accounts were kept . From these accounts it appeared that the French naval expenditure had been gradually diminishing since 1803 . He merely made these observations , because there was a sort of feeling of partiality for the navy throughout the country , which was very apt to make us forget that a great part of that money which was expended on it might , perhaps , be much more profitably employed in carrying on the contest on the continent . believed the hon . gentleman to be misinformed with respect to the state of The French navy . The hon . gentleman had referred , in proof of this , to the French public accounts . He was himself sufficiently acquainted with the French accounts , to know that it was extremely difficult to obtain from them a satisfactory idea of the amount of any branch of public expenditure . But he could tell the hon . gentleman , that the French had been lately labouring inconceivably to augment their navy ; that every month added considerably to it ; that at present there were not fewer than twenty-five sail of the line in the Scheldt , and thirty-five ships of the line in the different ports of Holland . At Toulon , Venice , and Genoa they were also building ships to a considerable extent ; and he believed their naval force was , upon the whole , little short in the Mediterranean of what it was in the North Sea