hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer seemed to challenge him for facts , he was by no means unwilling to produce them . By the papers on the table , it appeared , that since the first establishment of the Civil List during the present reign , it had been first raised by the sum of 100,000l . ; at a subsequent period by 60,000l . that by the abstraction of certain charges to which it had been before subject , it was afterwards virtually raised 135,000l . ; thus making a real annual increase to the original 800,000l . of the sum of 305,000l . A sum of 100,000l . had been also voted to his Majesty for defraying the expences of new palaces and buildings . There had been , in addition to all these sums , an accumulation of half a million during the minority of the Prince of Wales . The revenues arising from the Duchy of Lancaster , and the Scotch fund , were also to be taken into the account , and notwithstanding the immense increase thus made to the income of the crown , it would appear that the increase of the debt was still more rapid and of still greater amount . Parliament had already several times discharged the arrears of the Civil List debt , and in the year 1802 voted the enormous sum of 900,000l . for that purpose . The whole of the sums voted at different periods amounted to between three and four millions . Since the year 1804 the debt had gone on accumulating at the rate of 123,000l . per annum . This the Chancellor of the Exchequer had lately stated ; and had informed the House that this excess of expenditure had been paid off—in other words , that , an actual deficit of an enormous amount , incurred , notwithstanding the unexhausted liberality of parliament , had been supplied without the aid of parliament , in a manner unknown to parliament . Thus to the amazement of the country— ( hear , hear ) —he would say to its well founded amazement , a sum of 760,000l . taken from a fund over which parliament had no controul , had been set aside for the simple payment of tradesmens ' bills . It was not his wish to utter any thing disrespectful or invidious ; but when he considered that the Civil List had been always thus encumbered , he recollected too that in the 256 year 1799 his Majesty had made large purchases of lands , and an act had been passed , reciting in the preamble that these purchases had been made with the savings out of the privy purse and other ' funds , and professing to be for the purpose of removing certain doubts as to the legality of these purchases . The object of the bill really was to alter the law , which in the reign of queen Anne had been deemed necessary by the legislature , which took from the crown the power of alienating lands for any period beyond 31 years . The new act went evidently to favour and protect the accumulation of private property in the crown . The Attorney-General knew , as well as himself , that by the ancient laws of the country , all lands whatever were held by the reigning king solely jure coronœ , and he felt himself warranted in assuming , that when parliament first enacted the provision for his present Majesty , it was not their intention that that law should be altered or perverted from its original objects . The next item that appeared of grants from the Admiralty Droits , was a sum of 140,000l . and a subsequent one of 26,000l . paid to the princes . But did he know so little as to be ignorant that the crown of England was under no necessity of resorting to means like these for its support ? No ! he spoke as the advocate of the crown , as one who wished to see it possessed of a revenue worthy of a British prince