unwilling , on other occasions , to increase the criminal code of the country , 813 he must certainly agree in the necessity of the present measure . Many enlightened persons , who were intimately acquainted with the state of the county of Nottingham , considered a Bill of this description as the most efficacious means of quieting the disturbances . When those deluded men , the frame breakers , were employed in destroying the machinery , they little thought that they were depriving themselves of the means of earning a livelihood . He was no less favourable to the second measure , which he conceived to be the best method of preserving the peace of the county , and , being carried into effect , would operate beneficially for the country in general . He would not , after the statement of the right hon . gentleman , enter into a detailed view of the subject ; but he must express his concurrence in the statement of the right hon . gentleman , that during the whole period of the riots , the magistrates had displayed a praise-worthy activity , which was met with equal zeal on the part of government , who had given every assistance that was demanded . No blame whatever could be attached to them ; they had afforded all the military aid which was called for , or could be required , as well as the advice of the most experienced police officers . But the rioters had carried on their proceedings with so much caution and secrecy , that no discovery could be made ; and , if they were detected at all , it must be absolutely in the fact ; no other means of prevention could be adopted . Those who could give information , were deterred from coming forward as witnesses , by threatening letters . In such a state of things , government would have been almost justified in resorting to martial law , if such a remedy would not have been worse than the disease . They would not adopt such a proceeding ; and he thought the people ought to support government in a Bill which would enable them to preserve their property . , ( member for Nottingham , ) observed that the statement of the riotous situation of the county of Nottingham was unfortunately too true ; and it was no less true , that the spirit of insubordination had threatened the safety of the neighbouring counties . The right hon . gentleman had said , that the disputes between the manufacturers and their employers was the cause of those riots . Now , in his opinion , the real and primary cause was the great decay of trade , which affected a branch of 814 manufacture highly important to the country—the workmen employed in which received very moderate wages . The state of trade was such , that , in Nottingham , this manufacture was exceedingly impaired ; and , probably that might be owing , in no small degree , to those mischievous speculations to which the right hon . gentleman had alluded , and which he could not sufficiently condemn . But , there was another cause that tended to those disturbances , namely , the custom pursued by some manufacturers of paying their workmen in goods , instead of cash . It was true , they could be punished for this ; but the penalty , probably , was not commensurate with the advantage . He had heard of workmen being paid in linen-drapery , in shoes , in provisions . These things were always charged beyond their real value ; and thus , instead of receiving twenty shilling '' per week , the workmen in consequence had probable five shillings less . Altogether , he was sorry to declare to the House , that he never witnessed so much misery as when he was last in Nottingham . Another source of dispute was to be found in the mode which many masters adopted in measuring the work . The operative individual was frequently oppressed by some masters in this respect.—It