do any good . rose to explain . An insinuation had dropped from his hon . and learned friend in the course of his speech , as if he was a person who felt impatient at any reflections being thrown on the French emperor . He was not a little surprized at such an imputation , which was totally unfounded on any thing he had ever been in the habit of saying , or bad uttered that night . His hon . and learned friend must have completely misconceived , and therefore misrepresented him . denied having any intention of throwing such an imputation on his hon . and learned friend . But he certainly understood him to have expressed disapprobation of the warmth with which the conduct of the French emperor had at times been spoken . again observed , that he had been misunderstood by his hon . and learned friend . said , that having forborne to press himself on the attention of the House in competition with the hon . and learned gentleman , [ Mr. Canning and Mr. Stephen had risen at the same moment , but Mr. Canning gave way ] whose speech the House had recently heard , he felt the disadvantage under which he rose after the speech of that hon . and learned gentleman , in which he had introduced so much and such variety of matter not connected with the subject of discussion , if he should endeavour to bring back the attention of the House to the dry question upon which they were assembled to decide . He had listened to that hon . and learned gentleman with all that attention and de- 1140 ference which he was ever ready to pay to what fell from him , but more particularly upon a subject with which he had the reputation of being peculiarly conversant . He had listened to him even with still more deference , because , he was free to confess , that all the knowledge which he himself possessed upon such subjects was derived from his hon . and learned friend , if he might be permitted so to call him . But , if he recollected aright the principles which he had derived from that hon . and learned gentleman , he must say , that in his speech on that night the hon . and learned gentleman appeared to have forgotten all that he had formerly so strenuously maintained . His hon . and learned friend had omitted much , but in much of what he had stated he seemed to have forgotten that the Orders in Council were first resorted to as a mode of retaliation , and not as a measure of commercial rivalry . On an occasion , such as that afforded by the motion under consideration , he had expected that his hon . and learned friend would have distinctly and demonstratively laid down all the principles on which the conduct of the British government could be justified in having adopted and maintained the Orders in Council . This course was the rather to have been expected on the part of his hon . and learned friend , because the principles upon which he had always considered the Orders in Council to rest and to be justifiable , had that night , for the first time since their adoption , been shaken by the speech of the right hon . the Vice President of the Board of Trade , which seemed calculated to show how these Orders had succeeded as a measure of commercial rivalry , rather than as the dignified retaliation of one belligerent upon another . If the question had been what his hon . and learned friend had expected it would be—what throughout the greater part of his speech he had argued it—and what in the remainder he never ceased to lament it was not , —he should perhaps not have felt much difficulty in concurring with him in the greater part of what had fallen from him on the occasion ; but if he understood the motion submitted to their consideration by the hon . and