thought that a difference on this head ought not to exclude any man of talents from lending his assistance in the councils of the Prince Regent ; and for this reason he should not refuse it from any difference on a speculative point ; for as far as practical purposes went , as far as it was considered inexpedient now to make concessions , he begged leave distinctly to state , that all his colleagues , whatever shades of sentiment there might be upon particular points , concurred in this opinion , that at this present time , whether from the state of the Catholics of Ireland—whether from the state of the Pope— ( Hear , hear ! from the Opposition Benches ) . The hon . gentlemen turned up their heads at this . But what did lord Grenville say in the very-letter then on the table : if any security be given , it must be an ecclesiastical one ; and that ecclesiastical one must be through the Pope—for it was not consistent with that religion to give up any right of the . Pope without the consent of the Pope—therefore whatever shades of opinion there might be between himself and his colleagues upon other points , in this they were concurrent , that this was not the proper time for concession . Without aspiring to a knowledge of what might be the future opinion of the Regent , he was content to serve his Royal Highness , while he would accept his services . If it should occur that his royal master should not choose to abide by the advice which he now bad the honour to give on this subject , and should cease to regard it in the light that he did at present , then he , with all that gratitude which the favours conferred on him by that royal person , were calculated to inspire , would beg leave to depart from his councils ; and would make his bow with as much satisfaction as ever he did on entering the royal palace . He should not think himself justified in en- 1035 deavouring to fix a permanent and indelible impression on the royal mind . It was his duty to give his royal master the best advice in his power , during the period of his service ; but he should have no right to impute to his Royal Highness a dereliction of principle , should he , under a change of circumstances , alter his opinion . The Prince had thought proper to retain him in his service , with all those prejudices which at the commencement of the limited Regency had been studiously instilled into his Royal Highness 's mina against the King 's servants , and which prejudices were conveyed to them in an open , frank , and therefore consolatory manner ; yet at the end of the limited Regency , such an experience had he of those servants , —so advantageous to his country did he perceive their measures to be , —so productive of glory , and honour , and benefit , that he had the magnanimity to avow the change which had taken place in his sentiments respecting them , and to signify his pleasure that they should continue to administer the affairs of the country . This was a delicate topic , on which he was reluctant to say any thing , and on which it was easy to say too much . With regard to the subjects with which the hon . baronet introduced his motion , he hoped to be excused from entering into them , not because they had not been well advanced or supported , but because they did not seem to require any reply . He would refer the hon . baronet to past debates as a reply to some of them , and to future ones for a reply to others ; satisfied as he was that the real object of the motion ( although , perhaps , the hon . baronet might not himself be aware of it , ) was that which he had stated at