unjust measures . He was sorry that this question had at present been brought forward , for he considered it so strong and so clear , that when he saw the disposition of the House he could not but be alarmed lest they should decide against the public , which was against the vital interests of the country . He really , when he saw the liberality of the people of this country , and their willingness at all times to support the dignity and splendour of the throne , was astonished to find , that while the debts of the civil list had been encreasing , the splendour of the throne had been diminishing . He must with sorrow confess , that it appeared to him that the original splendour of the crown had been diminished , and that several establishments had been laid aside , while more than three millions had been paid to the civil list . He maintained that the whole of the Droits of Admiralty ought to go to the captors ; and that those who bore the burden of the war ought to have the benefit of it . As to calling them the king 's rights , they were so , as we spoke of the king 's courts , the ' king 's highway , and the king 's peace . If the king was allowed to expend the fund as he pleased , he wished to know whether he might not buy landed property with it ? Thus the crown might be without a shilling , and the king in possession of half the land in England . However the case might have been before , it became now the duty of parliament to control . If any farther provision were wanted for the king or his family , let parliament give it : but let there be no underhand means of giving it . The grants of the royal family were highly unbecoming and reprehensible ; 275 they put the princes into a state of dependence upon whoever might be the minister of the day . conceived , that the hon . baronet had misinterpreted the doctrine held by his side of the House . For his own part , he had never considered the Droits of the Admiralty , which they were properly called , but as a trust vested in the crown , He did not accede to the principle of reform maintained by the hon . baronet , because the present practice was liable to evil . The true principle was , first to see the evils as they arose , and then to apply the remedy . He allowed that it was a great sum , but it was applicable by ministers , and subject to the control and review of parliament ; and had ministers ever refused to submit the accounts of that application ? There was no danger , therefore , to the constitution to be apprehended . The last administration he considered as a high constitutional authority , and during the continuance of that administration , no message had ever been brought down to the House to take the subject into consideration . Had Mr. Fox thought it dangerous , he would , no doubt , have taken some measure to reform it . It had been said , that seizing enemy 's ships before proclamation of hostilities was a piracy , and a larcenous warfare , and a war of banditti . Such expressions ought not to go forth from that House , as they were a disgraceful imputation on the character of the country . This , he conceived , had always been the practice , and laying an embargo , he contended , was a benefit rather than an evil , as it prevented the entering into unqualified hostilities , and gave the enemy time for consideration . That mode , he contended , which had hitherto existed , was the best , and therefore ought to be continued . said , that he should esteem himself wanting in private friendship to the hon . and learned mover , if