He must be harassed both in that House and out of that House ; for they who imagined all his difficulties were in that House , knew but lit- 1021 tle of his real situation , which certainly was not to be envied . With respect to the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , who was at present , as it were , suspended between two situations , he should wish to know to which of those situations he was destined ? —Much had been urged against the hon . baronet , for what he had said respecting the war in the peninsula ; but , in his opinion , what the hon . baronet had advanced on this subject had been much misrepresented . He would not now go into the conduct of the war in the peninsula , and when he considered the manifold distresses of this country at the present moment , it was not necessary to go into it . But there were those out of that House who might think the affairs of Spain and Portugal would not be much improved by the management of him who had already displayed his skill in Holland . When formerly accused of incapacity , and when failure was brought home to him , the noble lord sheltered himself under the vote of the House . But did the House—did the noble lord himself really believe that the country would wish to see the war and colonial department filled by the man who conducted the Walcheren Expedition ? Did he really lay that flattering unction to his soul ? Did he think it would make no impression on the people of Spain and Portugal , to know that lord Wellesley , the brother of that great captain who had gained such immortal honour for himself , and glory to his country , by his brilliant achievements in the peninsula , had quitted the councils of the nation , and that he was to be replaced ( for the noble lord was not to succeed to the Foreign Secretaryship he presumed ) by that person under whose auspices was conducted the disgraceful expedition on which so much of the blood and treasure of the country had been fruitlessly sacrificed ? Besides , the noble lord had been arraigned for bartering seats in parliament , and though he made a very gentlemanly defence , the people of England would never forget the accusation . The golden dreams in which the Catholics had so long indulged must now vanish ; the bright prospect which hope had illumined was obscured by the approach of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) who was surrounded only by the dark clouds of defeat and despair—his usual attendants . If , notwithstanding this great accession , there were a man in the House who thought that the present government was inefficient , it as his duty to vote for the ap- 1022 pointment of this committee . He would not at that hour trouble the House further , in the hope that the noble lord might be induced to rise and explain the mysterious circumstances which had attended the last ten days , and if that explanation were not satisfactory it would be an additional motive for assenting to the motion now submitted . At present an inconsistency had been displayed by the noble lord wholly incompatible with the safety of the empire , if he were allowed to hold any place in its councils . said , that he should have lamented if he had not had an opportunity of addressing the House ; but being confident that the hon . gentleman who had just sat down would not suffer a division to take place , without first making a speech , he had restrained himself till it was concluded . He was the more ready to do so , since there was no gentleman in the House that he was more desirous of following , from the manly and direct manner in which all his attacks were made , so that the real object of them could never be equivocal . The question had been