the island of Barbadoes , and the other Leeward islands , commonly called the 4½ per cent . Leeward island duties , and into 746 the amount and application of the same ; distinguishing each year , from the period of his Majesty 's accession to the throne to the present time ; and to report the same to the House , with their observations thereupon . '' wished that the hon . gentleman had studied the history of the period he had alluded to with a little more attention , and he would then have found that the grant to the king by the act of the colony 1663 , was in consideration of the planters being allowed to keep possession of their lands ; and though he readily admitted , that in the island of Barbadoes ( and there alone ) a part of this revenue was to be applied to local purposes , yet the remainder was intended to be reserved to the king . When the hon . gentleman referred to what had been done by queen Anne , he should have taken into his observation all the collateral circumstances . The fact was this : a commission was sent out to Barbadoes to look into the state of the fortifications , which they had reported to be in complete ruin , and an Address was consequently presented to the queen , that she would be pleased to apply these duties to the purpose of repairing those fortifications , which she accordingly did , and therefore they were excepted in the arrangement of her majesty 's revenues . It was his decided opinion that these funds were a part of the hereditary revenue of the crown , and of which it could not be divested but by an express act of parliament ; and this opinion had been held by a recent committee of that House , which had declared that the 4½ per cent , duties had been considered as continuing at the disposal of the crown as its hereditary revenue . When he considered these circumstances , he could not but express his dissent at going into a committee to inquire into the application of this inferior branch of his majesty 's revenue . said , that the simple question was , did those funds belong to the crown , or did they not ? He contended that they did not , that they were on the same footing as the revenues of the duchy of Cornwall , and no one would contend that the crown could grant pensions on the revenues of that duchy . said , that the only person found on either side of the House to oppose the motion for a committee , was a right hon . gentleman who was a pensioner to the amount of 1,500l . a year upon these 4½ per cent , duties which it was the pur- 747 pose of the motion to inquire into , and that right hon . gentleman had defended this disposition of them upon the sole ground of usage , as if because an abuse was an old one , it ought , therefore , to be continued . He then proceeded to shew that these duties were excepted out of the civil list of queen Anne , and also out of those of George the first and second , and could not consequently have vested in his present Majesty , The list given in to parliament at the commencement , did not contain any specification of these duties , because that list was not , as it had been alleged to be , a list of what his Majesty had given up in lieu of the civil list establishment , but a list of what theo vested in him , so that , according to his Majesty 's own list , they had then the strongest negative testimony that the 4½ per cents , were not then in possession of the crown . explained . He did not say that any length of time was a justifiable reason for the continuance of an abuse ; but he stated