, & c. Under the head of special payments there was no less a sum than 425,687l . A further deduction as to the indemnification of officers for costs incurred in Admiralty courts , where ships taken under circumstances of strong suspicion , had turned out to have been neutrals . To some of them , however , the hon . and learned gentleman objected , as being payments 267 to defray the costs incurred by unlawful captures ; and he asked , was it to be endured , that an unlawful captor should not smart for his misconduct , as a warning to himself and others in future ? But he would appeal to the House , if many cases might not occur , in which it would be the greatest possible hardship not to exonerate a captor from the costs attending a decision against him . He would only mention one instance , in which some vessels , carrying ship timber for the enemy , were to all appearance so completely covered and protected as neutrals , that , in the Admiralty court , the captors of them must have been condemned in the most ruinous costs , had not private information been obtained from another quarter , that the timber was destined for the enemy . His hon . and learned friend had also alluded to a grant of 5,097l . to a reverend gentleman , for information given as to enemy 's property ; and certainly , though that sort of business might not be very suitable to his clerical character , yet it was proper he should be paid in proportion to his services . The truth was , it would have been absolute ruin to many gallant officers , to have left them saddled with the costs of captures that had been pronounced illegal , though made by them in the discharge of what they thought to be their duty : and these brave men instead of carrying the fame of the British navy into all parts of the world , would have been left to waste their lives in a prison , but for this power of remunerating them out of the Droits of Admiralty . This , therefore , he would contend , was a most wholesome application of the fund in question . But if that fund was only to be applied in the way he had mentioned in consequence of a specific vote of parliament , in every particular instance , he could hardly figure to himself the dreadful consequences that would ensue . Were the claims of officers for exoneration from the costs with which they were saddled at all a proper subject of investigation for that House ? Were they to hear counsel at the bar , to enter into enquiries into those claims , and to be canvassed by naval officers ? This would ) indeed , lead to the most unconstitutional abuses , and would draw the whole of the executive power into the hands of the House of Commons . There were several items of appropriation which well deserved attention : no less a sum than 900,000l . bad been placed to the account of the consolidated 268 fund by the Dutch commissioners ; 750,000l . had been paid to the treasurer of the navy by the Spanish commissioners ; 100,000l . had been paid by the registrar to the treasurer of the Ordnance , and 150,000l . to the treasurer of the Navy , There had been also a sum of no less than 348,261l . paid to lords Gambier and Cath-cart as prize-money taken at Copenhagen . Grants had likewise been made to some of the branches of the royal family , amounting to 171,500l . To these grants his hon . and learned friend had taken exceptions ; but the hon . gentlemen who sat around him would hardly join him in such objections . When did these grants commence ? Why , it was during the administration of Mr. Fox that the precedent was first given ; and he would leave it to gentlemen on the other side , who ,