, as the well grounded dissatisfaction of a great and meritorious military body , that called for consideration . The marine officers felt themselves , as it were , superseded in their rank . ( Hear , hear ! from Mr . Yorke . ) He should explain to the right hon . gentleman what he meant when he said superseded in their rank . A regulation some years ago had been adopted , excluding the marine corps from any garrison command . The wisdom of this regulation he could not see , but the consequences of it operated rather harshly upon this corps ; for land were they might , they always were compelled to give way to the garrison officer , however inferior his rank to that of the commandant of marines ; so that this most deserving corps had not only the mortification to see the higher situations of its own establishments filled by officers , not of the corps , but to feel itself in a worse situation in point of staff advantages , than any other description of force in the British empire , and at the same time to see that it was placed in the degraded situation of having neither established rank in the line as a corps , nor efficient individual rank at their respective head quarters.—He had said , that their promotion was tediously disheartening . He would take , for instance , the year of the Jubilee , 1810 , the number of naval officers promoted were as follows , 33 admirals , 113 captains , 156 commanders , 437 lieutenants : during the same period there had not been promoted , even to brevet rank in the marines , more than 37 officers ; not two steps had taken place in the corps within that period ; the ex-pence to the public arising from this naval promotion amounted to 60,000l . a year , while that of the marines did not exceed 700l . But it might be said , that the marine corps formed part of the navy : if it did so , why should so effective a part of that navy be the only part excluded from the ordinary naval advantages of rank and emolument ? Did it deserve to be so disgracefully distinguished from the rest of the navy ? And if it did not , where was the equity or policy in making men suffer a degradation which they were conscious of not deserving ? The right hon . gentleman had cried `` hear ! '' Was it not degrading a senior marine officer 756 to subject him in all garrisons to the command of any garrison officer , however junior to him , and so to subject him , not in compliance with any general rule , but by making the corps to which he belonged the ground of a solitary exception to a general military regulation ? Another hardship was , that the pay captains of grand divisions had no allowance for paying the several companies of which they were in charge , though the saving to the public in consequence of the laborious duties of those officers , was very considerable , though every captain of the line had an allowance for paying his respective company . The Serjeants of marines when admitted into Greenwich Hospital , had no better allowance than that possessed by the private of marines , or the common sailor , while the serjeant of the line in Chelsea Hospital received an increase of pension in some instances to the amount of 2s . 3d . per day , though the marine serjeant had but one shilling . The Serjeants and soldiers in the line were allowed to reckon three for every two years of service in the East or West Indies , for the purpose of claiming an increase of pay and pension in case of discharge . That regulation did not extend to the marines ; the commissioned officers of marines could hold no situation in the government or management of either Chelsea or Greenwich hospitals , though they contributed annually a day 's pay