it was brought forward on the third reading of the Bill . was certain that the infliction of 224 lashes could not have caused the death of the man at the Cape of Good Hope of whom the hon . and learned gentleman had spoken . If in his punishment there bad been any impropriety , he was sure there was a commander in chief there , who would report the case ; and he was equally certain , that there was a commander in chief here , who would not pass it lightly over . He strongly opposed the clause , being firmly persuaded that corporal punishments were never inflicted in the army , but from necessity , and in mercy . Every other punishment had been tried without effect ; and it was not possible to send soldiers to wait till the assizes for having made free with his comrades ' necessaries , and for other minor offences for which this punishment was used . He should be glad if it could be dispensed with , but it was impossible to preserve discipline without it . said , when he considered what a huge and multifarious body an army was , he should be afraid of adopting suddenly so material a change in what was deemed to be so essential to its discipline , on which depended entirely the management and government of it . He could wish , however , that corporal punishment might not be enforced but by the sentence of a general court-martial . He understood it was now thought to be less necessary than it was formerly ; and it would , in his opinion , be safer and better if it were hereafter inflicted only on an average opinion of the officers , which he thought would have the effect of rendering this punishment less frequent . observed , that the sentences of general courts martial were more severe than those of others , and he had never heard any complaints against regimental courts martial . There would be great difficulty in most cases in obtaining officers enough to form a general court martial , so that the wishes of the hon . number for Yorkshire could not in that respect be complied with . With respect to the man who had been spoken of , he might have died after receiving 224 lashes , but they could not be the cause of his death . The surgeon present at the time they were inflicted was responsible for the number given , and would always interfere before the production of any fatal effect . bore testimony to the leniency with which courts martial acted . 1288 He knew a man who had been corporally punished , who was now a captain , which proved that flogging was not a bar to advancement in the service . The discipline had been getting milder and milder ever since 1775 up to the present time . With in the last half year the punishments bad been so few , that be had hardly thought it worth while to notice them in a regular way , in his reports to the Commander in Chief . said , he hoped he should not be induced to express himself warmly in consequence of what had fallen from the two last speakers . The hon . general who had just sat down had informed the House , that he had never seen this punishment inflicted but with the greatest leniency . On the contrary , he ( Mr. W. ) had heard general officers of the very first character and respectability , and of as long standing in the army as the last speaker , say otherwise . That hon . general , as well as the noble lord opposite ( C. Somerset ) , had as much under-rated the severity of the punishment as it had perhaps been over-rated in other quarters , for which he was very sorry as , when these statements of the hon . generals came to be made public , they might have a bad effect , and produce considerable indignation in the minds