that his sinecure was of very inferior value , and the emolument of it did not burden the public , but proceeded from some small fees from gentlemen taking office ; and in that way he supposed he might have received some of the money of the right hon . gentleman . He was , however , at all times ready to surrender his sinecure , if others were abolished also : and notwithstanding the very modest tone in which the right honourable Lord of the Treasury had criticised his parliamentary conduct , he conceived himself perfectly free to oppose sinecures in general , or this one in particular . , in explanation , said , he did not impure moral or political guilt to the hon . gentleman . He had only urged , that the hon . gentleman , in the warmth of his declamation against sinecures , seemed to forget that he himself was a sinecure placeman ; and that there was this difference in the two cases—that colonel M'Mahon was appointed for his services , and the hon . gentleman while he was a school-boy . observed , that the argument of the hon . gentleman who had just sat down went to this , that if a member of that House held a sinecure office , he ought not to be expected to give a full , free , and fair vote upon any occasion in which that subject was involved . But what would be the state of parliament if this doctrine were carried to its extent ; if such things were to be bandied from one member to another , as `` You are a placeman and ought not to vote , and you are in place and should not speak ? '' It was such matters as these , and such appointments as the present , that gave rise to all that public obloquy which was so much to be deprecated . A good deal had been said about the Committee and Commissioners with whom the Resolution had originated , which was the ground of the opposition of his hon . friend the mover of the amendment . He remembered the appointment of these commissioners , and that they were recommended not to be members of parliament , in order that their deliberations might be the more fair and uninfluenced . They in their Report ad- 923 vised that this office should be entirely abolished , as of no utility whatever ; and the fair inference which he drew from this was , that if thirty years after such report the office was not abolished , the people had a right to complain . For what must be said on the occasion ? That ministers thirty years ago , when sorely pressed by colonel Barré and Mr. Burke , did yield to inquiry—but that when that inquiry came to a point , and the abolition of the place in question came to the vote—then they , ministers , would say , `` You have carried the farce too far , this is too serious a matter , and we will take a fresh lease of the office in the name of a person so involved that it must give pain to all who oppose it . '' And what was the office so desired to be continued ? One , that from its very nature—from the small duties attached to it—from the mode of its payment—was ( however unjustly as against the government ) subject to the greatest obloquy and unpopularity . It was not so much the appointment itself , but the principle on which it took place that he felt to be wrong . The public interest was always in danger , when such broad blots were left to be pointed at by the disaffected , and held up with all their colourings to inflame the public mind . He could not help , therefore , condemning that policy , which , under the pressure of such times as the present , went to lay this new load on the people , which though small , was highly contrary to