prerogatives of the crown , but by giving it to colonel M'Mahon , under the conditions imposed , he had left the important question of the abolition of the sinecure still open to the future decision of parliament , and had not neglected the interests of the country . , of Kerry , opposed the Amendment , and conceived it would be a harsh and strong measure to refuse the concurrence of the House to an . appointment made at the commencement of a new reign . said , that the question now to be decided , was merely whether the House , in considering the Army Estimates for the year 1812 , would or would not vote a sum of money which had hitherto been applied to the salary of Paymaster of Widows ' Pensions . The inquiry , whether the office should or should not be abolished , could by no means strictly form any part of the discussion . His vote upon the first point would certainly be in the affirmative ; upon the second he would 918 not pledge himself , and whatever might be the constructive effect of a decision upon the former that night , it could not prejudge the determination upon the latter at a future period . He thought that too much importance had been attached to the appointment of colonel M'Mahon ; and although he admitted that it was the duty of the House to watch carefully over the disposal of the public money , he was convinced that it little became it to be cavilling about trifles , when matters of such superior magnitude , in an economical point of view , might be contemplated . trusted that the House would that night rescind the vote it had passed on Friday last , with regard to an appointment which was calculated only to throw obloquy upon the Prince Regent '' and excite disapprobation in the people . If , indeed , the House of Commons wished only to be considered as the support of the convenient obsequiousness of interested ministers , such a determination would be perfectly in character ; but while it claimed to be the guardian of the public purse , a line of conduct directly opposite ought to be pursued . Was it because during twenty years of continued warfare the expences of government had been augmented from 16 to 100 millions , or because the means of maintaining our independence by the destruction of our commerce were diminished , that a decision like that which the House had a few nights since adopted , ought to be confirmed , to the abandonment of the primary functions of the , representatives of the people ? If it were , it would be the bounden duty of the House now to speak a language not difficult to be understood , and to read a lesson to princes , which , if not followed , would endanger the security of the monarchy itself . He was willing to admit that col. M'Mahon deserved remuneration ; but was there no way of bestowing it but by this degrading appointment ? Could no place of emolument be found in the splendid establishment of the Prince Regent , by which his services might have been adequately compensated ? He begged to remind the House of the time at which the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had thought fit to fill up this vacancy it ought not to be forgotten that the right hon . gentleman was then a servant on trial . He was anxious to please his royal master by this nomination , and dreading lest the time might soon arrive when be could only gaze with wishful eyes up on it at a dis- 919 tance , he seized the favourable moment , and no sooner did the sinecure become vacant than colonel M'Mahon was , as it were , thrust into it.—He had cordially concurred in the grant on a recent occasion to lord Wellington , and gave his full assent to an assertion then made with pride on the opposite side of the House ,