another to be against them . All that was known was , that as the noble lord came out so he went in . On lord Wellesley 's going out of office there had certainly been great difficulty in persuading any other man to come into office , and the right hon . gentleman opposite was doubtless happy in the noble lord 's assistance , for the noble 1027 lord had been out to grass for about a couple of years , and fresh and vigorous for action , he had been now caught and brought back again to his old work.—Mr . Tierney had no doubt that the statement of the noble lord , that he had not entered into any stipulation with ministers , was true ; but having it from authority the most unquestionable , he would assert most distinctly , that in the cabinet there was an understanding regarding the agitation of the Catholic question : he was convinced that at least some stipulations had been entered into between a portion of the servants of the Regent ; and he took upon himself most peremptorily to affirm , that in the highest quarter there had been a misunderstanding , of a most extraordinary nature . The question was not who should form the government , but whether there should be any government at all , for at present none existed . Who was Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs ? Who occupied the War and Colonial Department ? and what arrangement had been made for the secession of Mr. Yorke from the situation of First Lord of the Admiralty ? In the time of Mr. Pitt , the usual answer made to motions like the present was , that the state of the nation was not to be examined , because the country confided in the minister , that he would take care that all was prosperous . Was he to suppose that the country would be equally safe in the hands of that distinguished statesman opposite ? It was true , he was bred and born under Mr. Pitt , but was it to be presumed , therefore , that he possessed either his credit or his talents ? He did not think that the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's friends acted wisely or kindly by him , in thrusting him forward , and making him so much their boast , especially when it was considered that he was but a statesman of five years old . He had yet not directed any of those great enter prizes undertaken by Mr. Pitt , and had shewn little more than a fixed determination to remain in power , making offers , first to one peer , and then to another , until , as a sort of dernier resort he had pitched upon the noble lord opposite , who after laving undergone much suffering , was at last sweetened and fresh for office . The main point to be established , or rather which had been established , was this , that the lords Grey and Grenville could not join the present servants without a base dereliction of principle ; and whoever advised the 1028 Prince to write the Letter , making the proposal to them , took care that it should be so couched as to ensure a refusal . When the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer first quitted the profession to which he had been educated , he stated as his reason , that he was called upon to stand by the `` Good Old King . '' Now he was disposed , no doubt , to stand by the `` Good Young Regent : '' and if any accident should happen to deprive the country of his Royal Highness , he would be equally anxious to stand by The `` Good Young Princess Charlotte . '' If the right hon . gentleman was to be pointed to as the key stone on which the whole fabric of the state was to depend , it was a most decisive reason , indeed , for instantly going into