political situation of the enemy : on the second branch he would touch but shortly , because , in the present state of the negociations with America , to go into that subject at any length might possibly be attended with inconvenience . As to the effect upon the enemy , it was for those who promulgated these Orders , and still continued to uphold them , to say what effect had been produced by them upon the political situation of the enemy . He was entitled to ask of those noble lords in what point the political situation of the enemy had been deteriorated by the operation of these Orders , in what instances his efforts had been diminished by their effect . Ministers themselves , indeed , not longer than eighteen months after issuing the original Orders by which the continent was to be coerced , appeared to be satisfied that they operated injuriously , by their partly revoking them , and by the Order of April 1809 , opening the trade with the north of Europe . And it ought to be stedfastly kept in view , that the largest portion of what now remained of our commerce was actually carried on with the north of Europe . Thus it was seen that in the quarter where the Orders in Council did not operate , there was the greatest portion of our commerce , whilst in every other quarter our commerce was languishing and fast decaying . With respect to the operation of these Orders upon the neutral , he would ask where was the justice or the policy of prohibiting the trade of America with France under the circumstances in which these Orders were carried into effect ? Whilst a vessel from Kniphausen or any other little dependent state , was allowed to carry on a trade with the enemy , an American vessel , in precisely the same situation , was captured by our cruizers . Could it be considered for a moment as consistent with any idea of justice , that our cruizers were to say to a Kniphausen vessel going to a French port , you may go in and continue to carry on your trade ; but to an American , engaged in precisely the same trade , you must not enter a French port , and we must capture you for attempting it ? Was it the object of those who promulgated and supported these Orders , for the sake of putting an end to the trade between America and France , which did not at the time of issuing the Orders , amount to more than 500,000l . to destroy 1044 the trade between America and this country , which took off our manufactures to the amount of 12,000,000l. ? Was it a matter of triumph to those who had issued these Orders , that they had forced America to turn its attention from agriculture to manufacturing industry , and thereby to lessen more and more every day the prospect of advantage to our manufactures from a renewal of the intercourse ? Yet such had been the fact , and the Americans were making a rapid progress in the manufactory of cotton and woollen articles , the very staples of our own manufactures . No less than 100,000 bales of cotton were imported in the last year into the eastern states of America , and they had made a large exportation of cotton twist to the Baltic ; of the coarser articles of woollen they had also manufactured considerable quantities , and their manufactories promised a sufficient supply of articles of clothing . If , at the time of the revolution in America , any one could have foreseen that the whole commerce of continental Europe would have fallen under the iron grasp and dominion of France , they would have looked to the establishment of an independent state on the other side of the Atlantic , independent of French dominion , and out of the reach of her power , to become the carrier of our commerce , and by the profits arising from that , increasing our manufactures