was quite unnecessary to go into a detail of his manifold services . He had been a soldier from his earliest youth , and his country had ever derived the greatest benefits from his exertions . It was not merely by strict discipline that he was enabled to secure the self-devotion of his soldiers , it was by his attention to their wants , and by his kind and condescending conduct towards them . Invariably persevering and zealous , lord Wellington never allowed personal convenience or advantage to tempt him from the line of his public duty . When to fight was necessary , he bravely fought ; but he never permitted any artful or affected demonstration of the enemy to induce him to lead his army into a contest , the consequences of which he could not clearly anticipate . It was useless , however , to dilate on the merits of this distinguished general ; and he should therefore content himself with expressing his most cordial concurrence in the motion . said , that although he was the last man who would oppose any proper remuneration to those from whose exertions the country had derived benefit , yet he could not agree to the motion on the grounds upon which it was attempted to be supported . He allowed that he , as well as the House at large , was a very incompetent judge of the merits of a military commander , more especially in the comparative ignorance of the facts under which he necessarily laboured ; but from all he did know from the army list , and from the estimates on the table , it appeared to him that lord Wellington had under his command a very large force . Now he had always understood that the merit of a military commander consisted in the being able to accomplish a great object with inadequate means . In his opinion , it was impossible to conceive less done with such ample means than that which lord Wellington had achieved . [ Laughter , and cries of hear , hear ! ] He had no wish to detract from the well-earned reputation 874 of any man ; but marks of disapprobation were no proof of the fallacy of his statements . Let the committee recollect the force which lord Wellington had commanded . In the first place , 54,000 English troops of the line , and 30,000 regular Portuguese troops in British pay , and said to be equal in discipline , making in the whole 84,000 troops of the line . To these were afterwards added 30,000 more regular Portuguese troops in British pay , making above 110,000 troops of the line . It had also been stated that the Portuguese government maintained 10,000 troops , being in the whole above 120,000 regular soldiers . To these were likewise to be added the Portuguese militia , consisting of 80,000 men , forming the grand aggregate of an army of above 200,000 men . It must also be recollected that the ordinanza of Portugal amounted to 15,000 men . Under such circumstances , and with such a force at his command , he was really at a loss to conceive how lord Wellington could justly be entitled to the praises bestowed upon him by the right hon . gentleman . Did the committee recollect the entrance into Portugal of general Massena with 60,000 men , who advanced 300 miles in an enemy 's country , the most difficult and inaccessible in the world , who maintained their ground for such a considerable period of time ; whom famine alone compelled to retreat , and who , when they did retreat , although they retired in the face of a superior army , and through an hostile population , lost no single advantage , but maintained themselves unbroken and untouched ? Was there much cause of triumph on that occasion ? And in the present campaign what had been obtained ? Ciudad Rodrigo ! He had been informed by military men , that this was a fortress which any army preponderating at the moment must inevitably reduce ;