. gent . realized , we had not only rescued Portugal from the enemy , but maintained her in security against his utmost efforts . Since this had been achieved , indeed , a new light had been discovered , and it was found that it would not have been the right 58 coarse for the French to drive us into the sea , but that they should first conquer Spain , and leave us to be swallowed up at the last after we had beep permitted to waste our strength ! Would any man believe this ? Would any man believe , that if it had been in the power of the enemy , they would not have driven us from Portugal ? Those who held the opinion , that Buonaparté was irresistible , and that it was in vain to oppose his designs , wondered that he did not at once crush this army , which not only acted in every point to the frustration of his design , but remained in opposition to him on the peninsula , to his disappointment , to his vexation , and to his confusion . Would he , if he could have prevented it , even by directing against it solely and entirely the whole of his force , have suffered this ? No man could think it . He would have left every thing else to accomplish our expulsion ; but his power was not equal to his desire : and the country he ruled , could not furnish him with the means necessary to effect his most anxious purpose . But though this was his opinion , he would not , therefore , with that presumption with which he charged the enemy , say , that though heretofore baffled and defeated , he might not at some future period accomplish that object , in attempting which he had been so severely foiled ; but he thought it might fairly be argued from a retrospective view , that we might continue to maintain ourselves in the peninsula , not only to defeat his plans of ambition , but as a standing contrast to the basest villany ever exhibited in the world . ( Shouts of hear , hear ! ) Yes , he maintained , that on all of these points there never was a more striking contrast than that which appeared in the conduct of the French and British Government upon the peninsula ; and if the man who caused it had any view to character or ambition , it must be his most earnest care and business , by every method and invention , to keep it not only from the eye of the peninsula but of the world . Under these circumstances , he could by no means agree with the hon . gent . in his view of the subject . On the contrary , when they saw that Buonaparté had not gained , but lost Portugal since the beginning of the last session , they had reason to look forward cheerfully and sanguinely , and to indulge in the hope he had often expressed , and which he saw no reason to depart from , that the enemy had touched the point of his ambition , and would here find for it a 59 grave . But the hon . gent . opposite held other opinions . He deemed Buonaparté invincible ; and that all his apparent disasters were only the result of design to conquer Spain , and reserve the British as it were for a bonne bouche . He imagined that Valencia must immediately fall . It might be so , but it had resisted a victorious army for a month since the battle of Murviedro . But even should that city be taken , was the consequence that which the hon . gent . had represented—namely , the military possession of the country ? For his part , he might not be able to form an idea so correctly of the term , as those better skilled in military tactics ; but that did not appear to him to be military possession