impossible for their lordships to shut their eyes . Under this system of licences the greatest abuses prevailed . He did not mean to charge the noble lord at the head of the Board of Trade , or any person at the board , with abuse in the discharge of his duties , but the abuse was inseparable from the extent of the system . He was aware that the power of granting commercial licences must be vested in government to a certain extent ; but here a system had sprung up under which the number of licences had increased from 4,000 to 16,000 . From such an extensive system , abuse was inseparable . An instance had recently occurred , and he was authorised to state it , where a merchant would have given 15,000l . for two licences for the importation of brandy . It turned out that the licences were so filled up by the mistake of a clerk . He did not mean to impute any blame to the noble lord at the head of the board , because it was quite impossible that that noble lord could look to the contents of 16,000 licences , but surely the system itself was wrong , when , by the mere mistake of a clerk , a difference could be made to a merchant of 15,000l . Such a power , which in its very nature was so liable to be abused , ought not to be entrusted to any government . It was a system besides , which led to an habitual disregard of morality and honour in the concerns of trade . It had been well observed by the learned judge who presided in the high court of Admiralty , that the whole system of the commerce of the country , was one of simulation and dissimulation , and that our commerce crept along the shores of the enemy in darkness and silence , waiting for an opportunity of carrying the simulative means by which it was endeavoured to be supported into effect . Most injurious was the effect which this conduct towards neutrals had upon our prize courts , whose decisions had once been so highly respected all over the civilized world . An eminent and rising civilian ( Dr. Phillimore ) had said in a late publication , that it was now as much the habit of our prize courts to restore enemy 's property , as it was before to condemn it ; and , that it was as much a matter of course to confiscate neutral property , as it was 1047 before to restore it . Such was the picture of our prize courts under the present system : such the effect of the Orders in Council on the neutral ! Not merely was this system of licenced commerce carried on by means of simulated papers and every species of dissimulation , but it led to private violations of morality and honour of the most alarming description . He knew an instance in which a merchant made false entries in his books with respect to a cargo on board a vessel under licence ; and this fraud , which formerly would have been the ruin of him and his connection , was treated by the learned judge who presided in the high Court of Admiralty as an instance of sub-simulation , forming a part of the system of simulation by which the whole commerce of the country was maintained . What a contrast was here to the old English method of carrying on trade ! Such were the effects to which this baneful system led ; not the least evil attendant upon which was the preference given to the merchants of London over those of the outports . The merchants at the outports were unable to follow the continual variations of the Board of Trade like those of London ; and this was another proof of the badness of the system.—To whom , however , were these licences frequently granted ? To foreigners , with foreign vessels , manned by foreign crews , to import the produce of the enemy .