? Was the Dublin university nothing ? Were tythes nothing ? Were bishoprics nothing ? Was the half million by which the Protestant church was supported nothing ? Would the right hon . gentleman then consider the small , though respectable number of persons for whose use these endowments were intended ? And would he then compare them to the overflowing numbers for whose religious instruction 8,000l . was thought too much ? In fact , there was not in the world a richer than the Protestant , nor a poorer than the Catholic church of Ireland . Christianity was the title of the Irish to education . The grant was not to 1231 gratify a sect , but to cherish a branch of the Christian religion . To deny the necessary grant , was an attempt to starve the people out of their faith , which could not be successful . To deprive the people of Ireland of education , was a struggle for a new victory over them . It was not only destroying their temporal rights , but their spiritual faculties ; it was not only persecuting them in this world , but an endeavour to damn them in the next . said , that he ought to apologise for rising on this occasion , because , in fact , he had no new arguments to adduce in favour of the enlargement of this grant . There was a novelty , however , that night , which he thought it necessary to notice . The right hon . gentleman did certainly , on former occasions , oppose this grant ; and when he became the minister of the King , he withdrew the additional sum given by parliament to make it more adequate to its purposes . But the novelty of that night was , that the right hon . gentleman opposed the enlarged grant , not as the minister of the King , but of the Prince Regent ; not as in old ordinary times , but at this new sera . According to the principles avowed by the right hon . gentleman , it would have been more manly and fair to have undone the grant altogether , than to starve it as he was now doing . The right hon . Secretary for the Home Department had thrown out his loose assertion with regard to the instances of proselytism , merely , he imagined , for alarm . He defied him to mention where the proselytes were made , and how many they were . It was strange that the gentlemen opposite , who talked so much of the danger of foreign influence over the Catholics of Ireland , should thus oppose the very means by which that foreign influence would most likely be done away . He called upon the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , to follow up his intolerant principles by cutting up this establishment altogether , or to agree to the amendment of his right hon . friend . observed , that while he and his colleagues were accused of innovation , the charge preferred against them was founded on the fact of their having resisted innovation . The grant proposed for Maynooth college had been regularly granted from 1801 to 1806 , without any alteration being made ; but in 1807 , when the then administration were doing every thing in their power to encourage the Roman Catholic religion ( in 1232 which they were right—as they thought it wise to do so ) , they , in one session of parliament , procured a grant of 12 or 13,000l . for the support of Maynooth college . This grant was merely the act of that parliament ; it was not embodied in the Appropriation act , and consequently with that parliament , when shortly after it was dissolved , it fell . After the new parliament had met , it was thought that this grant was not warranted by circumstances , and therefore he and his friends had conceived it to be their duty to return to the old one . It was for doing