meant merely to answer what had fallen from the last speaker , and having , as he trusted , refuted all the objections he had made , be would now sit down with the hopes that the House would not be prevented by the gloomy picture drawn by the hon . gentleman , from concurring in the Address to his royal highness the Prince Regent . . I do not rise , Sir , to explain , but to demand of the right hon . gentleman to explain , whether he meant any personal allusion . in some words that fell from him that appeared to me to be of no very delicate description . . I could 64 have meant none . The lines are Pope's—the metaphor is that of a spider spinning a new web after one has been destroyed . I thought it applicable to the pertinacious manner in which the hon . gentleman appeared to me to have been reviving his prophecies over again ; but I do assure him , that I would not have so applied it could I have imagined that he would have so construed it ; and that were I even indifferent to his disapprobation , which I am not , I could not be so indifferent to my own , as to descend to the grossness of any such personal allusion . . I am perfectly satisfied with the explanation given by the right hon . gent . ; and I am sure that had the same words been so applied to him , he would have felt it necessary to call for an explanation . could not conceive in what respect our affairs in the peninsula had in the smallest degree been improved . If we viewed the efforts of our armies , in what had they succeeded ? What attempt had lord Wellington made in which he had not been baffled ? He made the most vigorous efforts to capture Badajos ; had he succeeded ? No ; on the contrary , in addition to the immense loss of British soldiers , even 25,000 Spaniards had been destroyed , or had fallen into the hands of the French . But as Badajos was a place of the most vital importance to the occupiers of Portugal , these losses were not deemed too much to obtain possession of it ; the battle of Albuera could have no-other object than its capture . Though victorious in the field , were we successful in our plan ? No , certainly not : for immediately we find lord Wellington re-pass the Guadiana . As to Ciudad Rodrigo , the gallant general could not imagine we had been more successful : although lord Wellington 's force consisted of 11 regiments of cavalry , 52 battalions of British infantry , besides 3 or 4,000 Germans , and numerous levies of Portuguese and Spaniards , yet life had failed in two attempts ; the French force only three divisions , opposed to him , were inferior in numbers , yet he could not pre ? vent their collecting supplies , advancing ( though encumbered by 1,500 waggons ) and throwing succour into the place . Could this be any addition to our military fame ? Could these discomfitures entwine laurels round the brow of the British army ? Lord Wellington was obliged to fly , to desert the level country , and to take refuge in ravines and mountains , which 65 sheltered him from the successful foe ; and when all these circumstances had taken place since the last session of parliament , how could it be said our affairs were in a more prosperous state now than then ? When he considered the differences subsisting between Spain and her colonies , in South America , and as it was well known that money ( which she drew in great abundance from those colonies ) was the source of power , the sinews of war , when he heard the Cortes declaring that their armies were in want of every thing , arms , ammunition , and accoutrements , could we hope , or