this question , whether , if we were at peace to morrow , all the world should be at liberty to trade freely with India except England herself ? The hon . gent . concluded with moving that the word `` now '' be left out of the motion before the House , for the purpose of inserting '' this day `` se'nnight . '' said , he had the satisfaction to state , that the hon . gent . had taken a very black and a very unfounded view of the revenue of the country ; for though it was true that the revenue of the present year was not equal to that of the last year , it was much greater than that of any former year ; and it was certainly wonderful that , with all the pressures on our commerce and manufactures , the revenue should still exceed what it had been on any year previous to the last . The diminution of trade during the three first quarters of the year had naturally produced a diminution of the customs ; but it would be seen from the last quarter , that a stop had been put to the continuance of that diminution . What was of still greater consequence , however , was , that the Excise exceeded during the last year , the year ending in January 1811 ; for the excise was truly the great source of our revenue , being four times as great as the customs . The total revenue was indeed two millions short of the revenue of the preceding year ; but then it was to be considered , that that year was the greatest which had ever been known , and was more than two millions beyond that of the former , year . The Excise , too , was riot what it would otherwise have been on account of the large distillation from sugar during the summer months , which operated against the new duty on spirits . But under all the circumstances , the excise was greater than that of the preceding year ; and the revenue , though not the greatest , was next to the greatest ever known . rose for the purpose of correcting a misstatement which had been made by an hon . general as to what had fallen from him in seconding the Address on the precedinge evening . He had merely stated , that though Spain was not absolutely so secure as Portugal , still she must be considered as absolutely unconquerable . observed , that , although the right hon . gent . had argued with . considerable address on the subject of the revenue , still he had not forced conviction on his mind . He had stated , that the revenue of the past year , though not perhaps so great as had been known , was considerably larger than that collected in the . receding year . Now , if the revenue was subject to such fluctuations , while the expences of the country were daily and certainly augmenting , he must be a bad financier , who , viewing such uncertainty of supply on the one hand , and such certainty of expence on the other , did not look about for some mode by which he might lessen the expenditure , so as to bring it on a level with those resources on which he could depend . The right hon . gent . had spoken of the Excise as being very productive ; but to him ( Mr. W. ) the customs appeared to be of more importance . Now , it was an incontrovertible fact , that the Customs had very much decreased , which was a fair criterion of the general state of the trade and commerce of the country . Then the question was , if the customs were falling , would not the Excise also sink ? Most assuredly it must ; for , by the trade which supported the Customs , individuals were enabled to pay the Excise . Did the right hon . gent . believe that