on this subject which was extremely disheartening . The existing evil was great , and was felt locally ; `` but , '' said the hon . gentleman , `` take care how you apply a remedy , for if you cure the evil in the metropolis , you will drive it out into the neigbourhood . '' Now , for his part he thought it advisable to cure the evil , if possible , where it did exist . It was to be lamented if it should go elsewhere , but if it did so , thither it ought to be followed , and there crushed too . The hon . gentleman , in the same breath in which he described the happy influence which the regulations in Spitalfields had occasioned , deprecated the adoption of the regulations proposed by his right hon . friend , lest , although advantageous to themselves , they might prove inconvenient to the neighbouring parishes . The fact was , that the question before the House involved the interests not of the metropolis alone , but of all the adjacent parts . Such an extensive subject was calculated to produce much discussion , and therefore it was probable that the inquiry would not be terminated so soon as was anticipated by his ' hon . and learned friend . His hon . and learned friend had touched on the nature of punishments , and had ascribed a great part of the moral depravity of the times to the particular mode of confinement to which prisoners were subjected ; but he apprehended that this was art inquiry which his hon . and learned friend did not wish should be referred to the Committee now proposed . It certainly was not desirable to engraft the business of a Committee of Penitentiary 206 Houses , upon the business of a Committee appointed for another purpose . There had already bean a Committee on that subject ; a report had been made by it , and notice given of a measure to be proposed arising out of that report . Whether it might or might not be expedient to revive the Committee to which he had alluded , was a question by itself ; but he was persuaded that the House would not accelerate the acquisition of the benefits so much needed at the present moment , by complicating the objects to which the attention of the Committee moved for by his right hon . friend was to be directed . His hon . and learned friend had asked , whether it was right to continue the practice of granting high rewards for the apprehension of culprits of a certain class ? This was a grave subject for deliberate discussion . It ought not to be lightly concluded that those rewards were disserviceable . It might be that they were so ; but this was by no means certain . It might be true , that the strength of the stimulus which high rewards offered on the detection of great offenders , operated inversely on the detection of petty offenders . It might , however , be true , that instead of abolishing rewards altogether , it would be wise to extend them to the detection of petty offences , in order that petty offenders might be stopped in their career , and not allowed to proceed to the commission of enormous crimes . On alt these subjects a variety of opinions must naturally exist ; but he could by no means allow that the Committee proposed by his right hon . friend could be so well calculated to discuss those opinions as one expressly constituted for that purpose . With respect to what the hon . gentleman had said of the familiarity that existed between the police officers and the culprits , there could be no doubt that stories of that description had been constantly written and told from Jonathan Wilds time down to the present moment . No one , however , could say that that familiarity , which was evidently not novel in its kind , had been the immediate cause of the late