, do we now see the whole Irish nation arising from slumber . We now , indeed , see the Irish Protestant clearing from his long abused sight the films of prejudice which long overhung it , and standing forward , at once the champion and the advocate of his Catholic fellow-subjects . Why , Sir , to the Irish Roman Catholic , in such a cause , success would indeed be joy , while failure can not be disgrace . Failure can not be disgrace , because he will have looked round him , and will have seen much of the talent , much of the integrity , and much of the real political influence of his Protestant brethren at once the patrons of his hopes , the champions of his cause , and the partners of his defeat . And is this the bond which the Irish government has ever believed that it can either disunite or destroy ? And how ? By the revival of a long dormant and originally questionable act , and by the publishing a circular letter from Mr . Pole to the chief magistrates of the country ! Why , it is indeed a giant whose arms you have bound with this thread—a thread , which may indeed gall and irritate him , but which can not coerce his strength for one moment , after he himself shall have chosen to exert it.—The Irish government is now contending , not with the Irish Catholics , but with the Irish people ; she is no longer raising her standard against a sect , but against a nation ! 555 It is a principle on which I believe I shall scarcely be contradicted , that , before we can make it up to our own minds to oppress , or even to suspect , any man , or body of men whatever , we ought at least to ask ourselves whether we do it under any apprehension of immediate and great evil , or whether we have any hope of good resulting from such a system . And let me ask the right hon . gentlemen opposite , his Majesty 's ministers , under the influence of what possible apprehension , or with the hope of what possible advantage do they still pertinaciously adhere to a system which has long been the characteristic disgrace of what has been called their government ? The right hon . and learned gentleman ( Sir John Nicholl ) in his speech seemed to apprehend much danger from what he termed the introduction of Catholic ambition into this House . Why , Sir , is that right hon . and learned gentleman not aware that there exist other dissentients from the established church besides Roman Catholics ? —Nay , is he not aware that he is , at this moment , surrounded by dissentient members in every part of the House ? —And does he really go so far as to say , that he has detected his dissenting friends in the habit of making , as he terms it , religion a stepping stone to power , of substituting polemical controversy , for parliamentary discussion ? The right hon . and learned gentleman seemed again to rest much of his apprehension upon this question ; `` Is the Catholic religion changed since the period when the penal statutes against it were enacted ? '' As a political profession , Sir , Popery is most materially changed . We have heard much of the canon of the Council of Lateran , which gives the Papist a power of departing from his oath when pledged to a heretic . Does the right hon . and learned gentleman then in the teeth of the written and specific disavowal of six Roman Catholic Universities , still believe that the Roman Catholic adheres to a profligate canon , which every Catholic from one end of Europe to the other has repeatedly , through every organ of his faith , denied , and which he revolts from , and laughs to scorn , as much as the right hon . and learned gentleman himself can