. baronet , that he had not the slighest suspicion of his not being at the House on Tuesday or Wednesday , or he should not have brought forward his motion on either of those days ; but observing the hon . baronet so constantly in his place on all other occasions , he could hardly have supposed he would then have been absent ; but he confessed , the impression of the hon . baronet 's motion upon his mind was such , that at all events he should have felt the necessity of bringing on his , and had the hon . baronet comprehended his objection to the motion as it originally stood , he was satisfied he would also see the expediency of rescinding that part of it . The motion of the hon . baronet , as he understood it , required of the police magistrates to state not only what were their qualifications when they began to act , but also to state what these qualifications were , and where they were to be found . To such a motion he must object , because there was an act of parliament which required that no magistrate should act without his qualification being registered : so far as they knew whet the qualification was when the magistrate was appointed , he had no objection , as that would be found in the office of the clerk of the peace ; but what those qualifications were , and where they were at the present time , could only be obtained from the magistrate himself , and by the 18th of Geo . 2 , he would be liable to a penalty of 100l . if he acted , without a qualification . This would be requiring of the magistrate to convict himself in a heavy penalty for the breach of that act , supposing him to have acted without such qualification . He did not know whether this would not be a violation of the fundamental principle of the constitution , to compel a man to criminate himself , and if so , the House could not agree to such a proposition . But the hon . baronet had said , there were many improper appointments of police magistrates ; he wished the hon . baronet would come boldly and manfully forward with his charges , and not state them in that narrow , pitiful way , without stating the particular charge , or naming the particular individual . He had appointed two or three police magistrates since he had the honour of holding his present office ; he would with the hon . baronet would state , 486 whether he meant to allude to any of these ? If he meant to state so , he gave the charge as direct and unequivocal a denial as words could convey . With respect to the conduct of the magistrates in regard to Alblas , the hon . baronet stated , that he did not understand what was the accusation against him . He had been asked some questions , which he declined to answer ; at the same time he was told he might or might not answer them . It was , therefore , unfair to argue upon the circumstances of that case ; but he must take it for granted , that there were circumstances sufficient in the opinion of the magistrate , Mr. Graham , to justify and call on him to commit the individual . What reason was there then to impute any improper conduct to Mr. Graham ? Instead of any imputation , in his opinion , he was deserving of public approbation and thanks . He must again repeat , he could wish the hon . baronet would not deal in dark and distant insinuations . Let him come forward manfully and boldly , and state his charges ; this would be more satisfactory to himself and to the House , than to be dealing in that sort of equivocal denial and unfounded assertion . said he had nothing to advance against the conduct of the police magistrates ; but thought