committee than in a committee of the whole House . felt it necessary to put several questions to the hon . member over the way , who had moved for the 681 re-appointment of the Committee . In the first place , he would ask , why , after the recommendation contained in the Regent 's Speech , that this subject should be taken early into consideration , if the committee were in truth necessary , its revival had not been proposed before four weeks of the session had elapsed ? Next , he wished to be informed , whether it was at all probable that the Report , supposing the committee again to be nominated , could be in the hands of members before the general concerns of the East India company were investigated on the question of the renewal of the Charter ? In the third place , he begged to know whether the hon . member believed that it was possible for the committee to embrace all the necessary objects of previous inquiry , so that full and complete explanation upon them might be afforded to the House ? It appeared to him , that unless the Report was in truth already prepared , and only waited the sanction of a committee , it could not be laid upon the table in sufficient time to be of the slightest use in the deliberation of the great ultimate question . The Chancellor of the Exchequer , as was usual with him whenever the slightest occasion offered , had indulged in a strain of exultation upon the present prosperous state of the country , which was calculated greatly to deceive the public : in reality , he could not avoid doing the right hon . gentleman the justice to think , that throughout the whole of his unfortunate administration , he had himself been grossly imposed upon , or he never would willingly have reduced the nation to its present condition of distress and wretchedness . An hon . gentleman , ( Mr. Grant ) , had asserted , that during the Protectorate the mercantile interest had been reduced almost to ruin , by a free trade to the settlements in the Indian seas , and joined in a petition to have a monopoly established . This statement was perfectly correct , but did it not always happen , that when a new channel of commercial profit was opened , it was choaked at first by greedy speculators , who suffered in the attempt ; but that future adventurers , availing themselves of former example , derived most important benefits from that which had proved the ruin of their predecessors ? Was not this opinion verified by the experience of our own day , and were not the years , or rather months , ( for it had not lasted a year ) of prospe-682 rity—so much the boast of ministers , to be attributed to this cause ? Was not the unbounded ' spirit of speculation which had raised that part of the revenue to a height it had never before attained , created by administration and the board of trade , who bad held out a fallacious idea , that successful commerce could be carried on to various situations , when nothing but almost indiscriminate ruin could ensue ? And by their means had not the Gazette been crowded with bankrupts—thus reducing whole families to irremediable and unmerited distress ? If these pleasing but delusive hopes had not been held out , the right hon . gentleman would neither before have had to congratulate the country on the flourishing state of our finances , nor would he now have had to lament the rapid decline of our national prosperity . His hon . friend ( Mr. Creevey ) and the two members for Liverpool , had depicted in colours that could not be too strong , the melancholy condition of that once prosperous town . They had shewn that many thousands of its inhabitants , formerly gaining by their industry an easy competence , were now reduced to beggary , and were compelled to seek relief with