of the question between America and this country , for the purpose of vindicating the British government . He did net pro- 1129 pose to follow him minutely , or even to enter generally into the subject , as it was not immediately before the House , but one part of it required some observation . There were many gentlemen in that House who concurred in admitting that it would be well to conciliate America , by repealing the obnoxious Orders , but who shrunk from the concession because an opinion prevailed , and which was fostered by the government , that America had conducted herself so haughtily and so arrogantly , that it would be quite derogatory to our national honour to conciliate her by those means which she required . This required some explanation . The question now at issue between this country and America had no reference to the origin of these decrees ; but whether we , having promised to repeal our Orders whenever the French decrees were repealed , such a repeal of those decrees had actually taken place as might call upon us for the fulfilment of our pledge—and whether America had urged her claims upon this subject in such an offensive manner as required from us a vigilance over our national honour , which might prevent us from sacrificing it to her arrogance . With regard to the first topic , he had read the correspondence between the American and English government , and it appeared from that correspondence that America considered France as having actually repealed her decrees . Our objection was , first , that the repeal was only conditional , namely , that France consented to repeal her decrees , provided that we repealed our Orders in Council ; and secondly , that it was not in toto , as she continued to practise her continental system . He saw , however , no objection to the mode of this repeal . France agreed to rescind her decrees , provided always , that we did away our system of blockade ; and in the correspondence between Mr. Foster and Mr. Monroe , it seemed to be perfectly understood that the blockade should cease . Suppose we had begun first ; we might have justly said to America , we will repeal our Orders in Council , but remember that we consent to do so upon the distinct condition that France shall also repeal her decrees . Then as to the second objection , that the repeal was not perfect which seemed to be the subject of dispute—the part we objected to was , to use their jargon , the denationalizing system ; but , in proof of the complete repeal , the Americans affirmed that there had been no instance of 1130 confiscation since on that ground . Captures there had been , but no confiscations ; and this was not contradicted by Mr. Foster , although he stated the duty of neutrals to be to force France to bring trade back to its former state . What , however , be chiefly wished to impress upon the attention of the House was , not so much whether these decrees bad been repealed or not , as that , if the House should be disposed to institute an inquiry into our commercial situation , nothing had been done on the part of the American government , so arrogantly or so haughtily , that we might not enter dispassionately upon the discussions pending between the two nations . With regard , indeed , to the belief of the repeal professed by America , it was no more than the exercise of common courtesy between one nation and another . Suppose we had begun , for instance , in repealing ; what should we have thought , if , when we bad notified our repeal of the Orders in Council , America had distrusted our declaration , and had said she would wait for evidence , wait till we gave proof that we had really repealed them ? She had , in fact , only confided in the French government , as