effects resulting from this benignity . It was said that the evil man did lived after him . ' This , his lordship was of opinion , was here illustrated , and that the effects of those penal laws still remained , and were felt in Ireland in no inconsiderable degree , notwithstanding they were now repealed . His lordship denied , however , that it was by conferring privileges on the higher orders that the situation of the great mass of the people could be ameliorated . The higher ranks of the Roman Catholics of Ireland had no claims , either as a matter of right , or as a matter of sound policy , to privileges which did not equally belong to the great mass of the people , who were not at all interested , nor seemed to be in the contemplation of the noble earl , while he set up the right of the higher ranks to the privileges which it was the object of his present motion to obtain for them . His lordship had not of late attended with any great minuteness to what was going on in Ireland ; but from all that he could learn , there did not seem to be any ground for imputing blame to the government of that country . The noble duke who was at the head of affairs in that country , he knew well , and this he could say , that a more manly , honourable , or generous person , did not exist , nor was it in his nature to act with unnecessary severity towards any individual , far less towards the great bulk of the population of a country over which he was placed as the head . Why then , he asked , should the House go into a Committee ? He recollected that previous to the Union , there were motions made for going into an enquiry into the state of Ireland , in a Committee of the whole House . Noble lords were then told , that 426 those measures would be improper , as the effect would be to raise expectations which would not be realised . In this way had things gone on for eleven years , year after year , and in the year 1806 , when noble lords , who had always been friendly to such inquiry , were in office , they did not absolutely refuse still to support the measure , but they recommended to the persons then petitioning for a redress of grievances , not to press the matter at that moment , but by their forbearance to evince their wisdom and patriotism . If this was so in 1806 , 7 , 8 , 9 , and 10 , what was there that altered the case in 1811 , or 1812 ? If noble lords chose , be should go back to 1801 , and 1802 , when it had been necessary for him ( lord Sidmouth ) to enforce martial law . No motion for inquiry was then thought necessary . Such effects had been produced by the conciliatory measures adopted from time to time for amending the situation of the Irish Catholics , that if an inquiry into the state of the country was not then thought necessary , he could not conceive that there was ground for supposing it necessary now . There seemed at the present moment to be a sensation in that Country , though not to the same degree , yet not altogether unlike that which unhappily prevailed at the time to which he had alluded . He hoped , therefore , that the noble lords opposite would not how by their example , tell the people of Ireland that they ought to lose sight , at the present moment , of that forbearance , wisdom , and patriotism , which in 1806 they had so much praised . He denied that there was , either at the time when Mr. Pitt thought it unseasonable to press the inquiry , or at the period to which he had already alluded , any obstacle which