be entertained whether that consequence is not visionary—nay , whether to admit the Catholics to a full participation of power , will not be sowing the seeds of disunion and contest in the government and in the empire . Discordant materials seldom coalesce and unite so as to produce strength . It may be asked , why should difference of religious opinions produce political discord ? It is sufficient to answer , that it always has produced that effect—that it produces it at the present moment—and that until human nature is altered , and man , under 509 the lights of the new philosophy , shall I cease to be a religious animal , it will probably continue to produce the same effect , and to be made ( as it has been termed ) a stepping stone to ambition , and to the acquisition of political power . It has , indeed , been asserted that this equality of political power will even tend to the security of the Protestant interests in Ireland ! —but , as the reasonings upon which the assertion was made , have not been disclosed , it seems difficult to conjecture how the increased power of the Catholics is to strengthen the security of the Irish Protestants , in the enjoyment either of their altars or of their estates ! ! The consolidation of the Empire ( which is the proposed advantage now under examination ) appears to have been much more effectually secured by the legislative union of the three kingdoms.—That union will be best cemented by the communication of commercial advantages , and of agricultural improvements ; by the interchange of personal kindness , and a free intercourse between the people ; by laying aside all local distinction , and considering the three kingdoms as one country ; by ceasing to misrepresent the truth , and to impose upon the ignorant by holding out to the Irish that they are a neglected , degraded , and oppressed part of the nation . Notwithstanding these misrepresentations the great body is attached to the empire , and not disposed to separate from Great Britain , or to unite themselves to France ; they promptly and gallantly enter our fleets and armies ; nay , it is frequently asserted in this House , that they fight the battles of the country , even beyond their proportionate numbers . The exclusion , which , in truth , does not extend to above forty offices , to high commands in the navy and army , and to seats in the legislature , situations certainly of high value to the superior order of the Catholics , and , by refined reasoning , of some value even to the lower orders , —does not come sufficiently near to the latter to affect them very sensibly ; and , probably , does not cause one man the less to enlist as a soldier , or to enter as a sailor . Let it , however , not be understood that any man ought unnecessarily to be excluded from situations that are open to his fellow subjects—but that is a question of political expediency . The constitution must balance , and , it is to be presumed , has weighed the advantages and disadvantages—and the disadvantages ( so far as respects the strength 510 and consolidation of the empire ) of excluding even the higher classes from the situations referred to , do not appear to possess that extreme importance which is attempted to be given to them . The hardship upon the higher classes is certainly considerable , but stands justified , by the grounds of expediency upon which the constitution has founded the exclusion . In point of principle , however , the hardship is diminished by the Union : since the Catholics , who , while Ireland was a separate kingdom , formed four-fifths of the population of that country , and were yet excluded from its government , may now , with more appearance of justice , be excluded from sharing in the government of the united empire , of whose entire population they form only one-fifth