motion as this should be brought before the House . Every person knew , that , from the impediment to commerce for several years past , many persons had fallen from opulence into great difficulties , such as could not be prevented by any conduct on their part . But men , now reduced to bankruptcy by such difficulties , might in course of time become possessed of considerable property ; and surely it would be a monstrous measure to shut them out from parliament , because they had been once unfortunate . The credit of the House was not , in his opinion , so much concerned in this affair as the hon . gentleman suspected . He had no objection that an inquiry should be made into the state of the law , but he did not see any object that could be gained by such a committee as the hon . gentleman wished for . was no advocate for the system of disqualifications ; but , as the law now stood , no great object could be gained by such a measure as the hon . gentleman proposed . The legal ingenuity of the hon . mover furnished him with means to show that , at least , members ought to have some qualification . An hon . gentleman thought it hard , that , in times of difficulty like the present , a motion of this 481 kind should be brought before the House ; but he thought , on the contrary , that such times were the fittest for the adoption of a measure of this kind . It was well known that all commerce , at present , was licensed by government . When a great part of the public money passed through the hands of those who lived by commerce ; when it was well known that many of those persons whose circumstances in life rendered them liable to bankruptcy , held seats in that House at such a time , a measure of this nature could not but be of the utmost utility , unless they were inclined to use the language of the poet , and write over the doors of that House , `` broken and bankrupt fortunes mended here . '' These were the times in which we ought to be strict , and no man should be allowed to sit in that House with the suspicion of the public upon him . The right , hon . gentleman opposite had said , that though bankrupts this day they might have , in a few days after , as much property as would qualify them for a seat in parliament ; but that was not the question . The law required certain qualifications as a security for the upright conduct of a person filling the situation of a representative of-the people , and when he ceased to possess such qualifications it was much to be dreaded , that , instead of filling his place with the integrity of an honest independent man , he would seek every means of improving his shattered circumstances . He thought that something should be done upon the subject of the motion . With respect to the monstrous privilege possessed by members of parliament , which screened them from the payment of their just debts , it was a stigma upon the House , and he did not care how soon it was removed . rose to explain . He did not object to the disqualification as it now existed , but to the making of any change in the law at the present time . thought the motion inadequate to the object in view , but would support it as it may do some good . He wished , however , that a more general measure had been proposed . said , that as the law now stood , the qualifications for a member of parliament were different in England and Ireland . The principle upon which the law was founded in Ireland was a wise one ; it supposed , that to secure integrity , independence was necessary . According to the