all religious descriptions of his subjects . Our squabble and difficulty here , is about the admission to a few political offices . Hear , Sir , what was the enactment of Henry 4 , of France , upon that subject . , in explanation , disavowed any wish to re-enact the restrictions from which the Catholics had already been relieved . So far was he from entertaining any disposition of that nature , that , were such a proposition made , it would meet with his decided opposition . Nor had he , as represented by the right hon . gentleman , intimated any conviction that the exclusion of the Catholics should be perpetual ; and he really thought that , in his original speech , he had sufficiently guarded himself from such a misconception . , in explanation , admitted that the right hon . and learned gentleman had , with respect to the first subject , sufficiently guarded himself in words from the imputation of being favourable to the re-enactment of the restrictions on the Catholics ; but his argument certainly tended the other way . He was happy , however , that the right hon . and learned gentleman had an opportunity afforded him of distinctly disclaiming any such disposition . With respect to the other point , he had certainly misconceived the right hon . and learned gentleman through the whole of his speech ; for he had decidedly understood him to say , that in his opinion the time would never arrive for granting to the Catholics a participation in the rights of their fellow subjects . said , he considered it necessary to offer an apology to the House for presuming to address them , after the brilliant and eloquent speech of the right hon . gentlemen who had just sat down . Indeed , he should not have ventured to address them that evening , if he had not been particularly called upon to do so , from the pointed manner in which that right hon . gentleman had thought proper to allude to him . And he thought on that account he was not altogether making an unreasonable request to the House , when he solicited a few moments attention from them . He was neither surprized at the speech of the right hon . gentleman , nor at his conclusion . It was not the first time he had heard that right hon . gentleman make a most brilliant display of talents , and conclude that display with a declaration of his intention of giving such a 548 miserably bad vote . He declared he knew no man more distinguished in that way than that right hon . gentleman ; and in following him through his long speech , he really did not know whether he ought most to admire the brilliancy of his talents , or to lament the prostitution of them ; for he could not but call the employment of great talents in a bad cause , prostitution , —the employment of those talents to produce bad and wicked impressions , ( cries of Order ) . He confessed that one doctrine introduced by that right hon . gentleman was entirely new to him , and that was , that if any member chose to give notice of a motion on a question of great public importance , that that motion was not to be argued , but was at once to be pronounced upon . On that question , however , he was not afraid of meeting him , when it should come to be discussed . But with what propriety did the right hon . gentleman take upon him to be his lecturer upon this occasion ? Was he , who composed a part of that administration who violated their promises to the people of Ireland , to stand up and abuse any gentleman who might presume to urge the violation of that solemn compact ? Certainly it suited him , of all men , the least , to come forward and arraign any member for his presuming to state to the House that the