the 1204 option or imprisonment to courts martial , would be rendered more general . said , that as it was not probable he should be present to take any part in the discussion which was soon to take place upon the subject of military punishments , he begged leave to take that opportunity of entering his solemn protest against the practice of punishment by flogging . As a punishment , it was absurd and inconsistent with every end of punishment—it was equally incompetent to reform the culprit , or to deter others . The greater part of the leading military authorities of the country had all been-unanimous in condemning the practice . Sir Robert Wilson , general Stuart , general Money , and a variety of others , the most experienced and distinguished officers in the service , had employed all their talents and influence to root out the practice from the army . It had its principle in torture , and therefore must always be most objectionable , for two reasons . First , that it could not fail to turn the feelings of the people witnessing the horrid spectacle , in favour of the sufferer , however criminal ; and next , that it had a direct and inevitable tendency to brutalize the people habituated to the practice of it . In stating this , he mentioned nothing but what had been already stated ; His object , however , at the present was , rather to enter his protest generally against the practice , than to enter then into any argumentative view of the question.—There was another point to which he wished to advert before he sat down . There was , he believed , no clause in the present act , limiting the power of the crown as to the enlistment of foreign troops . No one could read the Convention act without seeing and admiring the jealous precaution of our ancestors at the time of the Revolution , who would not suffer any denizen , not even a naturalized alien , to hold any place of trust or influence under the crown . It would be well to see something like the same spirit more active now than it appeared to be , now when foreigners were not only finding their way into regiments , but into commissions and commands ; even the 10th light dragoons , `` the Prince 's Own , '' hitherto made up of English subjects , was now filling with foreigners of every description . This once English corps might now be said to have been Germanized . Germans of all desriptions—Germans who were prisoners of war , had been seduced 1205 from their allegiance to their native country , and prevailed upon to enter into the `` Prince 's Own . '' He had authority for stating that foreigners , to the number of fifty and sixty at a time , had been enlisted into this very regiment , the 10th light dragoons . He asked if this was decent at a time when there was known to be prevalent throughout the country so sore a feeling and jealousy upon this topic ? He complained also of the sending 149 men from the Hulks into one regiment at Jersey—one of the best disciplined and most morally conducted in the service . It had been said , that for men from the hulks they were well conducted ; but was it a favour to any regiment to have even the pick and choose of the hulks—to have attached to them a corps d'elite of condemned culprits and felons ? The men originally belonging to the regiment were feelingly described by their commander as coming to him with broken hearts to complain of and deplore the miserable and disgraceful association into which they had so undeservedly fallen . The hon . and learned gentleman in concluding , repeated his protest against the flogging system , which he reprobated as most impolitic , sanguinary and barbarous . said , he should not then enter into the question of the necessity or impolicy of corporal punishment ; but he should distinctly state