the military establishments of that country , and of rendering conspicuous the valour and discipline of the Portuguese armies , and has thereby contributed most essentially to the successful deliverance and defence of the kingdom of Portugal against the enemy . `` The Prince trusts that the House of Commons will enable him to continue , in the present year , the same support to Portugal which was afforded in the last , and from which such important advantages to the cause of the allies have already been derived . G. P. R. '' , in bringing the subject of military punishments again under the notice of the House , hoped he should be considered as performing , as was his intention , a duty to the army and to the people at large . He was persuaded that few gentlemen could be found who would differ with him in the sentiment , that they ought , if possible , to get rid of the punishment of flogging , or , as it was called by a circumlocution which seemed to imply that those who supported the practice were ashamed of the simple and direct word by which it was described , `` corporal punishment . '' But imprisonment was also a corporal punishment ; and his objection was not , therefore , to be taken as against this species of infliction generally , which he confessed to be necessary in the coercion of soldiers to their duty , which the slow progress of civil law would be inefficient in accomplishing . It was his object to contend , that there were other principles which might be acted upon , and other punishments , short of death , and even death itself , which might be inflicted more consistently with the good of the service—more consistently with the character and honour of the soldier , and more consistently with the character and honour of 1264 the nation . Gentlemen were not perhaps aware of the extent to which the present odious system led , or of its specific nature . Not only from the disgraceful kind of punishment , but from the manner in which it was considered by the civil law of the country , it was stamped with peculiar infamy , and this was the more important to be kept in view now , when the military system embraced the whole population of England , and every man above the age of 18 was liable to be brought into the ranks . Under such circumstances , it was indeed most important to bear in mind that legal disability went along with the infliction of the lash . Mr. Justice Blackstone put the individuals who had been punished by flogging on a footing with those who had been convicted of the worst and most disgraceful crimes , such as perjury and felony , and held it to be a just ground of challenge on a jury , that a person had been flogged . How the practice had crept into the army , he had , after the most diligent inquiry , found it impossible to trace ; but he had every reason to think that it was not of many years standing , and that it was only during the present war that it had been carried to a great extent ; and it was natural to believe that it had gone on , and would continue to increase , for it was in the very spirit of such punishments to require the greater severity , the longer they were established . What was at first sufficient to answer the purpose of terror , by degrees lost its force , till aggravated and more frequent examples became necessary , and humanity shuddered at the extremity to which cruelty and barbarity must be carried , and which after all , were unproductive of the effects anticipated from them . He was sure of being relieved from one part of the difficulty attendant upon the discussal of this subject , as every man to whom he addressed himself must view with disgust and abhorrence the abominable system of torture ,