fair , as a mere consolidated fund account , to place the item in that way ; but when it was known that Ireland had unfortunately been unable to pay her own expences , and that this part of the empire had been called upon to defray a proportion of them , it surely was most erroneous so to place this item , when it ought undoubtedly to have been placed on the contrary side . It was in truth of most essential importance , that the real state of the finances of the country should be taken into most serious consideration . Not only the great increase of our Funded Debt , but still more of the Unfunded Debt , combined with the diminishing resources of the country , formed the strongest grounds for apprehension . If the state of our finances was examined with that attention and consideration which the subject most seriously demanded , he feared it would be found that we were little able even to fulfil those obligations which the true interests of the country imposed , much less to carry on those desperate and extravagant projects in which we were so unhappily embarked . contended that his noble friend had taken an erroneous view of the subject . The produce of the year ending the 5th of January , 1812 , was a mere trifle short of that of the year ending the 5th of January , 1810 , but because it was not so great as that of the year ending the 5th of January , 1811 , the 688 produce of which was the most enormous of any year known before , his noble friend had contended that the resources of the country were diminishing , and that there was ground for alarm . He , on the contrary , was decidedly of opinion , not only that here was no ground for alarm , but that the finances of the country were in a flourishing and prosperous state . That the deficiency in the year ending the 5th of January , 1812 , as compared with that ending the 5th of January , 1811 , amounted to so much , was easily accounted for . In preceding years the interest of the loans had been provided for , by appropriating taxes already in their full collection ; but last year new taxes had been imposed to defray the interest of the loan , which could not be brought into a state of full collection by the 5th of January , in the present year , and which would thus account for several hundred thousand pounds of the comparative deficiency . There was , however , no falling off in the revenue , with the exception of the customs , a deficiency in which was of course to be expected ; but the increased produce of the taxes on general consumption , proved the general affluence . As to the interest from Ireland , it was taken credit for to meet the charge on the other side . With respect to the debt , he contended that no war could be adduced , in which so little unredeemed debt had been incurred . From 1803 to 1812 , the amount of the unredeemed debt incurred did not exceed seventy millions , whilst the sinking fund had increased six millions , being now more than double its amount in 1803 . From all these circumstances , be contended not only that there was no ground whatever for alarm , but that the finances of the country were in a prosperous and flourishing state . denied the inference drawn by the noble earl ; and maintained , that if the finances of the country were thoroughly examined , it would be found—he did not mean to say that we should be unable to resist a foreign foe , but—that it would be impracticable to carry on those wild projects in we were engaged . Would the noble earl affirm , that if the Bank were to withdraw 5,000,000l . from circulation , that we could go on ? Would not , in that case