called on to make additional sacrifices , for the House to be told in the Speech from the throne , that the trade and commerce of the nation were on the in crease , and that the revenue was improving . Now , however , they had been told nothing of this , and it was known that the revenue of the country had experienced a rapid decline . The House ought , therefore , to be in possession of all the facts on this subject before they proceeded to pledge themselves to a continuance of the continental war ; and it was his intention to submit a motion to that purport . 67 —He believed that the taxes of last year had experienced a diminution of no less a sum than 3½ millions , notwithstanding additional taxes had been imposed ; and that those taxes which composed what went by the name of the Consolidated Fund , had also experienced a decrease of 1½ millions , making in all a diminution of 5 millions . Ought not the House , therefore , to be put in possession of these circumstances , before they gave a pledge to carry on the present system of warfare ? Ought they not to be told how this deficiency was proposed to be Supplied ? Was it to be by an imposition of new taxes ? If this was intended , why were they not told so ? Were they to be taxed anew , when the present taxes were not realized ? The deficiency was reasonably a subject of great alarm . He would instance the case of the stockholder , who was secured on the consolidated fund . The funds for his payment were less during the last year by 1½ millions than in 1810 . Suppose , then , that this fund should be found inadequate to pay the stockholder , what was to be done ? If this fund was inadequate to pay the charge upon it , was the deficiency to be paid from the Sinking Fund ? All these subjects must certainly come before parliament ; and he intended to move , before he sat down , that the Address should be postponed to that day week , in order that the returns of taxes for the year 1811 , and of the produce of the Consolidated Fund and charges should be laid on the table , when they would know what state the revenue of the country was actually in , before they guaranteed the prosecution of the war in the peninsula . If successful in this motion , he should next move for returns of the Consolidated Fund , and of the Annual and War Taxes , & c. This was certainly the only antient parliamentary practice ; it was the practice of the best times of our history , of the reigns of king William and queen Anne ; during which periods , when communications were made to parliament , it was usual either to return he answer , or to take six , seven , or eight days before giving it . It was the more necessary that the House should be instructed what the revenue was before pledging themselves , because it was impossible not to see , from what appeared in those newspapers under the direction of government , that there was an evident intention on the part of government to mislead the country with respect to the amount of the taxes . The amount for the 68 existing quarter was compared with the quarter corresponding ending in 1810 , and that in 1809 , and art advance was then stated to have taken plaice , whereas , if the revenue of the whole year had been compared with that of the preceding year , the diminution would be found to amount to what he had already stated . As to what had been said in the Speech respecting the affairs of the East India Company , he hoped that the subject would receive mature consideration , and that when it was brought forward , gentlemen would be ready to decide upon