in the way he had mentioned , but he had certainly been one of the youngest officers in the service . When however he was told in the navy that no person could rise to the rank of a lieutenant , till after six years service , nor till the party was 19 years of age , that after that , two years were necessary to raise him to the rank of commander , and one more then before he could be made a post captain ; if he would put these together he would find that officers could not be promoted without having some experience . The punishments in the navy were not more frequent than formerly ; but though in these particulars he was obliged to contradict the noble lord , he should agree with him in his vote . To lay aside that discipline by which we had risen to our present height , would be an act of political suicide and madness unparalleled even in this age of experiment . expressed himself hostile to the abolition of corporal punishment . The Bill was then read a third time , and passed . rose to propose his clause , in doing which he made a number of 1292 observations on the arguments adduced against it . With respect to the effects of corporal punishment , the hon . baronet desired the House to bear in mind , that eight men died of it at Gibraltar , and that officers were actually dismissed for refusing to inflict it . It was impossible : to say what its consequences were in the West Indies and other hot climates . Whether the House would say that it ought to be done away altogether , or not , he was sure that many would agree that the crimes for which it was inflicted should be specified , and the extent to which it should be carried , and the instruments used for that purpose defined . He read the passage from Blackstone to which he had before referred ; and contended that it could not be difficult to devise other modes of punishment by the privation of ordinary privileges and enjoyments . He should certainly take the sense of the House on his clause . , though he did not think it desirable to vote the abolition of the punishment : altogether , thought it very proper to know the number of such punishments by courts-martial . It had been properly said by an hon . member ( Mr. Wilberforce ) that the House should have the means of judging what modifications might be enacted . He should therefore ask the Judge Advocate whether any serious inconvenience would occur , by giving a return of the number of punishments by regimental courts-martial , limiting it to the home service . would have no objection to lay this document before the House , but really the accounts of regimental courts-martial did not come officially before him . All he could say , was , that he understood generally that corporal punishments bad decreased in regimental courts-martial . wished the commitment to be postponed . The subject was of very great importance ; and he knew that several members , not present in the House , 'but professionally engaged in a distant part of the country , were very desirous of being present at the discussion . At any rate , he thought a Bill of such importance should not be discussed in a committee at that late hour . said , he only meant to move the commitment for the purpose of having the blanks filled up ; and he intended afterwards to move the recommitment on Friday next . wondered that this time should be chosen for the commitment of the Bill , when so many persons , anxious to be present at the discussion , were necessarily absent . He was not aware that any such importance could be attached to the filling up the blanks as to require the House now to go into a committee ; he therefore could not help concurring in opinion with his hon .