, and so in proportion for any higher degree of strength made or distilled in England from sugar , and imported or brought from thence into Scotland , an excise duty of 6s . 3½d . 15 . `` That during such suspension , there be charged for every gallon , English wine measure , of spirits , of a strength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof , made or distilled in Scotland from sugar , and imported and brought from thence into England , an excise duty of 7s . 11¼d . 16 . `` That during such suspension , there be charged for every gallon , English wine measure , of all such spirits as last aforesaid , of a greater strength than of one to ten over hydrometer proof , and not exceeding three per centum over and above the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof , an excise duty of 7s . 11¼d . and also a further excise duty proportioned to the degree of strength in which such spirits shall exceed the said strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof . 17 . `` That during such suspension , there be charged upon all rum , brandy , spirits , aqua vitas , or strong waters , ( except rum of the produce of the British plantations ) , imported into Great Britain , and for which the duties chargeable thereon shall not have been paid on the 14th of January , 1812 , or imported after that day , an additional duty of . 12l . 10s . per centum upon the produce and amount of the several duties of excise imposed for or in respect thereof , by any act or acts of parliament now in force . '' did not rise to object to the Resolutions , but to complain of the change that had been wrought in the constitution of the country , by the usage that had silently grown up amongst the people , of looking for the relief of the respective grievances of different trades and interests , to the executive government , and not to the constitutional source of appeal and redress , the parliament . He did not wish to impute any blame to the right hon . gent for the course he had pursued ; but he regretted that a practice had been silently growing up , which seemed to have rendered such a course of proceeding in some measure excusable . The government , however , had no reason for not acting decisively ; for since July last the King 's . 151 physicians entertained no expectations of his Majesty 's recovery ; therefore ministers might have acted as decisively and as promptly as the occasion and the interests of the parties required , if the agricultural and colonial interests were so far involved as to call for immediate and effectual relief . He did not see why ministers should not have seen in that circumstance a sufficient reason for assembling parliament . He meant no particular imputation upon the right hon . gent. , but he regretted that departure from the sound political maxims and conduct of their ancestors , which made parliament , and parliament alone , the great resort to the people for all species of redress which did not come within the laws of the country . In parliament all interests were represented , and in parliament were at all times to be found persons the best informed upon the several subjects upon which redress could be sought for . complimented the right hon . gent , on the candid manner in which he had made his observations ; at the same time he could not admit the existence of what had been called the growing practice of those without doors . When parliament was not sitting , the parties interested could only apply to the executive ; and even if parliament had then been sitting , the prohibition could not have been earlier than it was now to be . gave notice , on the part of a noble friend then absent (