law , as it 482 existed in Ireland , if a person , being a member of parliament , did not satisfy his creditors within the space of six months , he vacated his seat . He thought it derogatory to the dignity of an assembly representing the will of an entire people , that any person walking the streets could say of one of its members , 'he only paid me two shillings to the pound . ' It was proper to see that the qualification under which a member originally entered still existed . What could be so inconsistent with the dignity of such an assembly as to say of it , here are persons legislating for those whom they have deceived ? ' He thought that the law , as it existed at present , should be abolished , or the law adopted as it existed before in Ireland . thought that the difficulty of the times , alluded to by an hon . gentleman , should be considered rather as a motive for receiving than rejecting his motion . Whatever might be the fate of this motion , he was glad that it had produced such discussion . He concurred with those who had expressed themselves friendly to the abolition or correction of that privilege of members of parliament so very injurious to the rights of others . The motion was then negatived . expressed his regret , that he had not received the note of the right hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Ryder ) respecting his Order on the subject of Police Magistrates . ( See p . 401 . ) He had been absent from home on business of some importance , otherwise he should have answered that note , and appeared in his place to show the importance of the order to which he alluded . The police was an establishment of great expence to the nation , and he feared that most improper appointments had taken place in that department . It was well known , that from the establishment of the police act , certain qualifications were required for admission into the police magistracy . These qualifications had a most important object in view , namely , the security of the public ; but now , when members would quibble upon the law which regarded qualifications for that House , it was unlikely that upon a question of inferior magistracy , he would be allowed to collect such information as might perhaps tend to criminate those in whose hands were placed 483 the powers that give or took away place . The law sat forth , that as magistrates of counties were entrusted with great powers , it was expedient to make such regulations as might keep persons in mean situations from holding such offices . It was therefore enacted , in the time of George the second , That no person should act as a magistrate , who was not possessed of property to the amount of 100l . per annum , in the county in which he was to administer justice . This was intended to prevent magistrates becoming the tools of government , as he had often seen them prove themselves of late . At that time 100l . was a very considerable sum , and such an annual income was thought a tolerable independence , the possessor of which was not expected to be the tool of government , at least it was thought he could not be such from necessity . Justice at that time , he must observe , was not administered with such severity as it had been of late but at present , the country gentlemen to whom such powers as were given to magistrates might perhaps be entrusted with the greatest safety , were frequently overpowered by the union of the magistrates in adjoining counties . His object in moving for the Order which had been made by the House , was to see if ministers had any regard themselves to that law , which they had got passed under pretence of benefiting the public , while it imposed on them