punishments . It had been said , indeed , that no one doubted the fitness of the punishment to the crime . If that was true , he knew not to what purpose his noble friends about him had been speaking . These laws were , unfortunately , not the result of enlarged views , of general principles , but they sprung up one by one upon some momentary necessity ; and a noble secretary had astonished him by stating , that there was no general principle to rest upon . But unless all that he had ever thought , all that he had ever heard , all that he had ever read upon the subject , was utterly erroneous , there was no case in which general principles were more necessary to be attended to , and more capable of application than in enacting penal Jaws , especially when capital punishments came under consideration . To these he trusted their lordships would attend , and not suffer themselves to be drawn aside by these temporary outrages . But if a delay of three weeks could not be allowed in a case where 10,000 of their fellow subjects might be rendered liable to the pains of death , why had there been a delay of two months ? The enquiry might by this time have been complete . For six months during which these proceedings had been carried on , no one effectual step had been taken ; and yet ministers had the confidence to come now and say , 'Do not ask for delay—trust to us—shut your own eyes and ears , and sign the bloody warrant here presented to you ? No , he would not trust ministers before he signed that warrant : he must be satisfied that the offence was commensurate with the pains to be applied . He had no hesitation in saying , that such a punishment ought never to be applied to such an of- 977 fence ; and if their lordships had read one page of that excellent writer Judge Black-atone , they must be aware that he had distinctly said , that the mere frequency of an offence and difficulty of detection was not a ground for a capital punishment . His noble friend had stated , that there were laws in our statute book enacting death in similar cases . He knew it , and deeply regretted it , and wished they could be at once erased from the statute book , if it were for nothing else than to prevent their being resorted to as examples , when the indolence , the ignorance , or the weakness of government led them to enact such laws as this . Here , again , the enlightened Blackstone lent his great authority , for he said that these laws originated in the ignorance of the legislature and the weakness of government . He should have thought inquiry necessary as to this point It had been assumed that the existing law was ineffectual ; but before ministers assumed that fact , they ought to prove that every thing had been done to carry it into execution . On that head there was no information whatever , except the boasted exploit of having sent down two Westminster justices and two Bow-street runners ; who , though very conversant in the business of detecting thieves and footpads , were not therefore the roost proper to deal with the Nottingham manufacturers . That was their vigour ! But something else had been done worse even than that foolish expedient . There never was a maxim of greater wisdom than that uttered by the noble lord ( Byron ) , who had so ably addressed their lordships that night for the first time , that the military ought never to be employed except in extreme cases , and then they should be effectual , if possible , rather by the terror of their appearance , than their power of execution . But here they had been employed in a way the most ruinous to their own discipline , and the least efficient for the purpose of checking