manufacturing part of the country ? were they not proverbially a grave , plodding , quiet , discreet , sedate , business-involved class of men ? What but intolerable distress could drive such a class to lawless outrage ; and if the distress was too great to be borne , the legislature was bound to interpose some remedy , and not hang men because they could not suffer beyond human nature . I have now stated my objections to this measure , and condole with the new minister that such should be the first act of this new æra of the flourishing state of the empire . The proofs of such national prosperity were unfortunately but too 864 equivocal , if they were to be found only in such a measure as that which they are now about to pass , or in a rupture with America ; or in the midst of such general peril , in the alarming discontents and alienation of the Irish people . The man who can repose confidence in those ministers who have brought the empire to such a state , is not only , in my opinion , incapable of forming a sane judgment , but would deserve , while he ranted about our national prosperity , to be hung up in a cage to the gaze of the starving multitudes in this country , and himself be made the sport of those , upon whose miseries he could pass so cruel a mockery . If the Bill does pass without inquiry , I trust that the people of England will proceed to hold constitutional meetings , and resort to every constitutional mode of redress . I hope that they will at length make that voice be heard within these walls which has had for so long a time such little influence upon our counsels . said : —I rise , Sir , to give my decided support to this measure , the necessity of which I both acknowledge and lament . Though for the most part disposed to concur , on the subject of capital punishments , with an hon . and learn '' ed gentleman opposite ( sir S. Romilly , ) whose humane and enlightened exertions for mitigating the rigour of the Penal Code , entitle him to the gratitude of his country , yet on the other hand , I contend , that cases may occur ( of which I conceive the present to be an instance ) in which lenity to the aggressors , is cruelty to the injured . The first clause of this Bill , by which the perpetration of these outrages is rendered a capital offence , may not , it is true , facilitate the detection of the past , but will ( I trust ) be conducive to the prevention of similar enormities in future—whilst the second clause , which enforces the necessity of giving early information when an outrage has been committed , will powerfully second the exertions of the magistrates to bring the offenders to justice . When the punishment of death has long subsisted against a particular crime , it may perhaps be viewed with less terror by offenders , as the nature of the crime and that of the penalty attached to it are equally familiar to their minds ; but when it is for the first time enacted against an offence , to which a slighter punishment was attached before , it can not , I think , fail to deter many persons from engaging at all in the crime , and recall many others 865 to a sense of what they owe to themselves and to their families . We need not be afraid of the judgment of posterity on the subject of this law . Whilst they deprecate its rigour , they will acknowledge its necessity ; and only consider it as a temporary remedy for a temporary evil , arising , I trust , from temporary causes.—Sir , I should have thought that the candid and perspicuous statement of the right hon . Secretary on a former occasion , corroborated as it was by the