trusted that if such were the case , the suspension would not be merely for a year , but for 20 , 30 , or even 50 years . If such should not be the object of the Bill , he gave notice that he should propose to extend the suspension for a considerable period , in order that they might not be called upon to consider it from year to year , merely as a temporary measure . If such a Bill did not come before their lordships within a reasonable time , he gave notice that it was his intention to propose a measure of that description . , seeing a noble lord at the head of 826 the foreign department , in his place , wished to ask of that noble lord , whether in the present state of the negociation with the United States of America , it would be improper to lay before the House such Papers , or at least that part of the correspondence which it was notorious had already met the public eye ? He did not wish to make a motion for the correspondence in a negociation , unless it was the opinion of those who had the management of that negociation , that it would not be improper to communicate the correspondence , and he therefore wished to ascertain this fact , in order that he might give a short notice of a motion for such parts as it might not be deemed improper to communicate . said he had not received the commands of his royal highness the Prince Regent , to lay any of the Papers alluded to by the noble lord before the House . If the noble lord , however , would give notice of a day for a motion upon the subject , he should then be prepared to state distinctly to the House , whether or not it would be improper to communicate the correspondence moved for . said he was afraid he had been misunderstood by the noble lord . What he wished , in order to ascertain whether he should give notice of a motion was , to know whether it would be improper to communicate any part of the correspondence . Without having any extraordinary confidence in ministers , a confidence so far would of course be conceded to them , namely , that they having the management of a negociation would be the best judges whether it was improper or not to communicate any part of the correspondence . It was with this view that he asked the question . repeated that he had no commands from his royal highness the Prince Regent to lay any of the correspondence before the House , but that if the noble lord gave notice of a day for his motion , he should then be prepared distinctly to state his opinion upon the subject . having moved the second reading of the Bill for the more exemplary punishment of persons destroying or injuring any Stocking or Lace Frames , or other 827 machines or engines used in the Framework knitted manufactory , or any articles or goods in such Frames or Machines . declared , that in the present alarming situation of the county of Nottingham , he could have wished , instead of opposing , to have supported the measures of administration ; but , after the most mature consideration , he felt it altogether impossible to concur in voting for this Bill . Every body felt the danger of a numerous body of men leagued together in active opposition to the laws of the country , and who had hitherto defeated both the civil and the military power . This danger was the more alarming from the connection between the county of Nottingham and other manufacturing districts of the country . But however strongly he , in common with others , felt this danger , he could not concur in the present Bill , without violating a most important principle in penal legislature—a principle which he had already had the good fortune more than once to join with a majority of