proportion might be still greater , he apprehended that it was the greatest injustice to give any immunities to them without an intention at some future period to give all . On the religious part of the subject he thought the Roman Catholic doctrines were inadmissible ; but he was happy to say , that though he had come down to the House strongly prepossessed against the conduct of the right hon . Secretary ( Mr . Pole ) , his opinion was entirely altered in that respect , and he agreed that he had only done his duty . He had listened with pleasure to the eloquent display of a right hon . gentleman on the floor ( Mr. Canning ) on a former night ; but he must say of his speech as had been said of the speech of a Roman , on a former occasion , that he had displayed—'Satis eloquentiœ , sapientiœparum . ' Satisfied as he was with the defence which had been made for the Irish government , he should vote against the motion . opposed the vote on a ground not yet much insisted upon , and observed , that the supporters of the motion and its proposer differed much in their reasons for agreeing together that it was a fit one . For the noble lord who had brought it forward had declared , that he abstained from involving in it the consideration of the conduct of the . Irish government while that subject was under a legal process , and while so much irritation prevailed on the public mind . But this example , though , from the manner in which the House marked their sense of its propriety , it was evidently greatly approved of , was not followed by those who deemed it right to support the noble lord on those very grounds which he had disclaimed . An hon . and learned gentleman opposite , ( Sir A. Pigott ) indeed , had , on the con- 610 trary , declared , that these were the very considerations which induced him to give the noble lord his vote.—On the subject of concessions , he differed from some of his right hon . friends , for he was convinced that at some time concession ought to be made . But that was not now the question , for it had not yet come to be avowed in that House , as it had been elsewhere , that they ought to surrender at discretion , and give up every guard , defence , and security . He was for the preservation of the state and of the church in their ancient and political rights . Even on the grounds of the noble lord , to whose Letter he had alluded ( lord Grenville ) , he felt himself compelled to resist the present motion . With the worthy baronet who spoke last but one , he perfectly agreed that they ought not to drive Petitioners from their doors , but this doctrine was so universally avowed , that it seemed scarcely necessary to have dwelt at such length in inforcing it . As to the right hon . baronet 's attendance at the Waterford meeting , he seemed to have been misinformed as to what passed on that subject last night . His right honourable friend ( Mr . Pole ) had not urged it against him as a subject of crimination and charge , but had merely stated his difference of opinion from him , and instanced this meeting as one of those endeavoured to be turned to the purpose of making a delusive impression on the public mind ; that it was in direct contradiction to the law as laid down by the government , and sanctioned by the presence of a gentleman who had lately filled a high official situation . He thought the right hon . baronet had gone too far when he compared the government to the agitators , and accused them of having driven the Catholics from the attainment of legal objects by legal means . Was it so ? Was preventing the