lord G. Cavendish ) , that that noble lord would , on Monday se'nnight , submit to the House a motion respecting the present State of Ireland . wished to know if the right hon . gent , would have , any objection to state more specifically the object of the noble lord 's motion . replied , that the motion of his noble friend would relate to the present State of Ireland generally , and more particularly to the existing state of the Catholic population of that country . said , that in rising to submit to the Committee those measures , which , under existing circum stances , it might be proper for them to adopt , he felt it to be impossible to avoid adverting to what had been the course pursued in the last session of parliament . In doing this , it was not his wish to revive those controversies which had then taken place , but to take a proper view of what was the present state of the great object of their deliberations , as compared with hat it was at the former period . The House must feel with great regret the difference between the situation in which they were placed at present and that in which they had formerly stood . When last the subject came under their consideration , they could not but recollect how sanguine were their expectations of his Majesty 's speedy recovery , and they must necessarily bear in mind what now was the prospect before them . Then , they had reason to hope that before any great length of time had elapsed , the Sovereign would be enabled to resume his kingly functions ; but now , unfortunately , the prospect was very much darkened . In stead of having before them statements from the attendant physicians , declaring there was a great probability of his recovery , they had it now , on the authority of the same persons , that recovery was very improbable , although not altogether hopeless . It was impossible not to see that different circumstances must call forth different measures . The course of human action must necessarily be guided by events . It was not for men to foresee what would actually occur , and their best plans could only be formed to meet that which could rationally be expected . Formerly , when recovery was probable , it was their duty primarily to look to the restoration of his Majesty to health , and to the exercise of the sovereign authority , but , at the same time , to guard against any inconvenience that might arise from the temporary suspension of the kingly functions : now , when recovery was stated to be highly improbable , it was for them to look primarily to the improbability of his Majesty 's resuming the sovereign power , not leaving out of sight that it was possible he might yet recover . Formerly , they were called upon to make and arrangement which it was probable circum- 153 stances would only render necessary for a short period ; now , it was expedient to form one which might be expected to be permanent . The state of his Majesty 's health , at present , was represented to be such , that recovery was very improbable , though not altogether hopeless . The physician who Was most sanguine , he meant Dr. Simmons , had stated , that in younger cases about half the number afflicted usually recovered ; but in cases of persons who were more than seventy years of age , the recoveries were but as one in five . He had , however , added , that in the case of the King , from the singular strength of his Majesty 's constitution , he should rather class him with those who were but of sixty , than with those who were seventy years of age . It was , therefore , their duty , under all the melancholy circumstances of the case , to consider that as one in five of those who were so