Heligoland , complaining of the mode of granting licences for their trade , which he wished to be produced , in order to shew that even those individuals who were most benefited by the present system , were dissatisfied with the manner in which it was conducted.—It had also been his intention to move for a similar document from the merchants of Malta , but thinking that it might be fairly urged that its production would be detrimental to their commerce in future , he refrained from so doing . No such objection could be urged to the Memorials from Heligoland , as all trade there had ceased for the last eighteen months , although it might be extremely convenient for hon . gentlemen on the other side of the House to adopt such an excuse as a reason for refusing papers on which an accusation against them was proposed to be founded . The other document that he was desirous should be laid upon the table , was a return of any spirits imported from any of the ports of Holland since the 1st of October last , with copies of the licences in which such importations have been made . His motive for moving for these papers was , that he was informed that two cargoes of spirits had been introduced into this country under licence , at a time when such permission was generally refused . One of these cargoes had been sold , and the owner had derived an immense profit from it , but the other , owing to some informality , unconnected with the present question , had been seized and confiscated . It was not his design , should his motion be acceded to , to bring any particular cases before parliament , or to impute any intentional mal-practice to the Board of Trade , but merely to shew that the system of Licences was liable to abuses of this description . He did not mean to say that corruption existed any where , but it was not fit that such a temptation to it should be allowed . He concluded by moving that the papers he had referred to should be laid before the House . said , that the hon . member could not be more anxious than he and his colleagues of the Board of Trade were , that the general question of Licences should be discussed in some intelligible and tangible shape as soon as possible , and he trusted the hon . gentleman who bad given a notice on the subject , would bring it forward without delay . With regard to the first paper moved for , the Memorial from Heligoland , he thought the publication of it would be attended with very serious inconvenience , and notwithstanding what had been said , he felt it to be his indispensible duty to resist it . Whether it were true or not , that no trade had been carried on there for the last eighteen months , he did not know , but the production of this document would expose to the enemy the means which had been formerly resorted to , and might prevent any intercourse between that island and the continent in future . As to the other documents moved for , he had not the slightest objection to the whole world being made acquainted with their contents . He , however , wished to say a few words in explanation of what was an irregularity regarding them . It was undoubtedly correct , that at the time these two licences for the introduction of spirits from Holland were made out , the general importation was prohibited by the Board of Trade , and they wholly originated in a mistake of the clerk , who , in making out about nine or ten thousand licences , had improperly inserted the words which allowed the admission of spirits , but the persons who obtained them had derived no advantage from this inadvertence . One of the cargoes , as had been stated , had since been seized and forfeited , as it appeared that fraud had been