meaning , doubtless , that he had only advised the grant ; ) and he virtually declared that he would protect him in the enjoyment of it . If not counteracted by the vote of that night , the right hon . gent . might perhaps advise the Prince Regent to grant also a reversion of the office . He would again repeat , that it was a grant not decent towards the House of Commons ; and he trusted their sense of its indecency would be expressed that night . What effect such a decision might have on the right hon . gentleman would remain to be seen . He had remained minister when supported by very small majorities ; nay , even when in minorities he had still clung to power . Whether , should this Amendment be carried , he would still remain in power , what his future colleagues may be , what principles may prevail among them , could not be foreseen at present ; these were things which remained for the future knowledge of the House , and of the country.—He would again repeat , that it was a grant most obnoxious to the people . The place was odious in itself . It was not to the additional expence of 2,700l . that the House could object : had it been thrown into the fund provided for the relief of the widows and orphans of those gallant and meritorious men who had lost their lives in the service of their country , no objection could possibly have been made . The abolition of a place so obnoxious , and such an application of the salary attached to it , would have been congenial to the best feelings of the people . No one would then have been heard to complain with feelings of indignation , that a person had reaped from the scanty pittance destined for the relief of widows and orphans , a remuneratien for services performed to his prince . Was it not possible to give some other appointment for such services ? Why , an office attached to that very House was now vacant , through the death of the gallant officer who lately filled it , ( Mr. Colman ) , and what better or more appropriate place could have been found for rewarding the services of colonel M'Mahon ? Why , then , was the minister so unadvised , as to be the instrument of casting this odium 929 on the Prince , at the very commencement of his administration ? The office was most odious to the people , and though the emoluments might be small , yet the people would pay them with reluctance ; while , on the contrary , if the same sum was added to the Widows ' Fund , they would never think of begrudging it . In all these views he thought the appointment most improper ; and it was still more to be lamented , as it seemed to stamp a character on the commencement of the new reign . It was an appointment which would be remembered in future times , if not to the obloquy of the Prince Regent , at least , to the discredit of his advisers . It would be said , at least , that the Prince Regent had a minister who advised him to do that , the inauspicious remembrance of which would prevail for a period , longer even than that to which the reign of his royal father had extended . He felt persuaded , however , that the House would that night express an opinion , that the office ought not to be retained . admitted , that if it were expected that the people should continue with passive fortitude to bear the burdens necessarily imposed upon them , an example must be set by the highest authority , of a disposition to abolish all unnecessary drains on the resources of the country . Still , however , he must think that a great deal of warmth had pervaded the present discussion , which did not properly belong to it