the House ; for the question of that night was , whether Ireland should be preserved in her allegiance to the British crown by conciliation and justice , or driven into the arms of the enemy , by injustice , tyranny , and oppression ? This was the real question before the House , and not merely the claims of the Catholics , which formed only a part of the mass of grievances of which Ireland had to complain , and on which he would trouble the House of Commons more at length at a more favourable moment . Indeed , he had no intention of saying a word that night , and the few words he had uttered were extorted from him by the tone and the tenets which characterised the speech of the right hon . Secretary . For who could hear , without feelings of indignation , that justice and right was to be refused to a people merely because some of their advocates might have used indecorous and intemperate language in the assertion of their claims ? The right hon . Secretary had called on the Irish Catholics to come forward in an attitude of submission and humility ; with a tone and language that bespoke meekness , moderation , and forbearance . But while he was thus demanding from the Catholics every demonstration of mildness , submission and docility , he was himself making use of language , and insisting on topics , which no men , conscious of their rectitude and of the justice of their claims , could have temper to listen to , or patience to endure . As many honourable members had not yet spoken , and many valuable speeches might be expected from them , he begged leave to suggest the propriety of an adjournment . said , be wished to ask the noble lord opposite , whether it was the intention of his Majesty 's government to give any explanation to parliament , respecting the disturbances that existed in , and about the neighbourhood of Nottingham , disturbances which had now been going on for nearly a twelvemonth , gradually increasing in the numbers concerned in them , and in the extent of the depredations committed , and exhibiting as they increased principles and objects of a most formidable character . He did not mean , uninformed upon the subject as he was at present , to impute blame to his Majesty 's government , but when disturbances of so formidable a nature , so dangerous to the peace and so injurious to the character of the country , had been going on for so long a period , and instead of diminishing , appeared to be increasing in violence , he thought it was due to parliament that some explanation should be given , as to what measures had been taken by government to suppress them . said , he had no hesitation in giving what explanation he could respecting the disturbances which unhappily existed to a considerable extent in the county of Nottingham , disturbances in which men were combined to destroy their own comforts , and even their own means of subsistence , and at the same time adopting a system which had naturally excited alarm . There might be riots more alarming in appearance , but arising from a sudden ebullition of resentment , and therefore easily quelled in a short time ; but the system adopted in the county of Nottingham undoubtedly gave those disturbances a new character . It would not , of course , be expected , that on the present occasion he should enter into a detail of the circumstances attending these disturbances . His Majesty 's government were fully sensible of the importance of putting an end to these excesses , and whenever the subject came before the House , he was persuaded it would be found that they had not been inattentive or remiss in taking those measures which circumstances required . Two of the most intelligent magistrates had been sent from London to Nottingham , with all the means which they could command , in order to take