for instance , instead of 65,000l . a year , at which it had been calculated in 333 1804 , the next year rose to 84,000l . it was the existence of such facts as these that induced him to call on the House , to examine the matter in detail before they agreed to a new and permanent arrangement : and for this purpose it was his opinion that a Committee above stairs should be appointed , instead of proceeding in the blind and uninformed way they were now , by the right hon . gentleman opposite , advised to pursue . The House ought not to be contented with the mere information given by ministers , they ought to inquire into the subject themselves . Not that he meant to throw any imputation op the right hon . gentleman opposite , who had freely given an account of the expenditure of the Civil List , which , as far as the figures went , he had no doubt was correct ; but it afforded no insight into the state of the vouchers , why they had augmented in amount , and how the money had been called for ; and without this it was of little or no consequence to , the House to know , that instead of the estimated 10,000l . the expence of foreign ministers had amounted to 83,000l . for instance , if they could not at the same time ascertain why this was so , and what were the circumstances which demanded so great an increase . He might also offer similar observations respecting the Lord Chamberlain 's department , but it was unnecessary to enter into these partial details , when they were of necessity shut put from a comprehensive and general view of the question , in all its bearings and branches . His object was , that every thing belonging to the Civil List might be put on a footing honourable to the crown , and consistent with its dignity and splendour ; at the same time that every thing should be open to the public , whose interest ought to be consulted in any arrangements about to be made . Although in this sense he was an advocate for the strictest practical economy , yet he begged it to be understood , that there was not a man , in the country who would less entertain a wish to abridge , in the slightest degree , either the pomp or splendour of royalty . But , in his mind , the expenditure might be made much more palatable to the public , without being made less in amount ; and it was more to the mode in which the business was conducted , than to any objection which from his present information , he could have to its extent , that he was , in every point of consideration , decidedly adverse . On this 334 ground it was that he opposed the motion for the Speaker 's now leaving the chair . He wished to have a distant day fixed for that , as the matter now stood ; and he would have opposed the motion altogether , as he thought the bill ought not at all to be entertained , but from a consideration of its proposed purpose , to provide for the comfort and maintenance of the monarch in his distressed condition . It purported to make a provision for his Majesty in his illness , and he would not , by opposing it altogether , expose himself to misconstruction ; but his opinion of the measure was fixed ; and though he might not deem it expedient , from the circumstances he had noticed , to go to the length he should otherwise have been inclined to go , yet neither would he bring himself to acquiesce in a measure which seemed every way so prejudicial to the interest of the state And here he could not help calling the attention of the House to one part of the Bill , which he knew not by what mean '' had crept into it , as