colonial purposes . This was his first opinion ; but if that should be negatived , and if it should be thought that these duties ought to find their way into the Exchequer , then he would submit whether they ought not to be applied in aid of the public expenditure . But , if neither of these opinions should be held valid , he hoped that the abuses in the application of this revenue , which he had the power of proving , would be thought sufficiently important to deserve the attention of the House . To prove that these duties were the property of the inhabitants of Barbadoes , he would mention a few historical facts . In the beginning of the reign of Charles I , a grant of the whole island of Barbadoes , which was then worth norhing , was made to the earl of Carlisle ; during the troubles of the civil war and the Protectorate , however , many persons went over there as settlers , and it became , from a desert island , a very prosperous place . The earl of Carlisle died very much in debt , and his son transferred the grant of the island of Barbadoes to the earl of Kinnoul . The creditors of the first earl of Carlisle , hearing that the island had become a valuable possession , made some applications to the privy council , soon after the restoration of Charles the 2d , enforcing their claims upon the island of Barbadoes , under the grant of that island by patent to the earl of Carlisle by Charles the 1st , and as those claims most materially affected the rights and interests of the land-holders in Barbadoes , some of the planters came over to England , and to the same privy council made an offer of something like a royal revenue , if they were continued and secured in their rights and possessions . What was really conceded by the delegates of Barbadoes to the crown on this occasion is difficult to find out ; we have however the authority of lord Clarendon , who assisted at their privy council , for the facts , viz . that the patent to the first earl of Carlisle was surrendered , and lord Kinnoul was to have an annuity of 1,000l . per annum in perpetuity , and which he has to this day in satisfaction of his claims under lord Carlisle . We know , too , that a colonial act of the island of Barbadoes passed in 1665 , immediately after the return of the delegates from England , in which it 744 was declared , that in consideration of the charges incurred in maintaining his majesty 's authority there , they gave and granted to his majesty , and his successors , for ever , an impost , or custom upon the dead commodities of that island , at the rate of 4½ in specie , for every five score . But this money was raised for public service in that island for the raising and repairing of fortifications , & c.—none of it was intended to come to this country . ( Then the hon . member read the act of the island , with all the specific appropriations of this impost to colonial purposes . ) In the reign of Charles 2 , when the regulations for his revenue were adopted , no mention was made of this fund as a royal hereditary revenue ; nor was there any in that of James 2 , to whom the whole royal establishment was transferred , as held by his predecessor . In William 3 , indeed , this fund was recognized in two acts as among the small hereditary revenues of the crown : but when the civil list of queen Anne was arranged , a petition was presented from the planters of Barbadoes , stating , that the funds had been perverted from their original purpose , and praying that they might be applied to their legitimate use . In consequence , a committee of the House of Commons examined