House will receive favourably a statement of those grievances which they foment , in common with the great majority of their fellow subjects , and in respectfully representing which to your honourable House , they conceive themselves to be exercising the undoubted right and privilege of the subject . `` Your Petitioners beg leave to state , that , in their humble opinion , the restoration of triennial parliaments would be a powerful check upon corrupt practices , by producing more frequent appeals to the constituent body ; and , as the causes which led to their being formerly rendered septennial have now ceased to operate , your Petitioners hope that your honourable House will , in regard to the duration of parliaments , comply with the express wishes of the great bulk of the nation . Your Petitioners are satisfied , that , in the true spirit of the constitution , no pensioner , no placeman , or person in office under the crown , ought to elect , or to be elected , a representative of the Commons in Parliament , with the exception of such members of the House of Commons , as his Majesty may chuse as his confidential servants , or of such as ought to be in the House for the dispatch of public business . `` Your Petitioners are convinced that many abuses have crept into the laws regarding the election of representatives for counties and boroughs in Scotland ; that , under the present system , individuals may obtain a place amongst the freeholders , in a manner utterly inconsistent with the real intentions of the legislature ; whilst others are excluded from participating in the elective rights , who , from the interest they possess as landed proprietors in the county , ought not to be debarred from assisting in the choice of its representative . `` Your Petitioners are humbly of opinion , that , in many other essential points , a temperate and effectual Reform would be highly expedient . Whilst they deprecate every attempt at undue or unsafe innovation , they are firmly convinced , that , by recurring to the first and genuine principles of the constitution , a House of Commons may be returned in a manner calculated to diffuse universal satisfaction , under the sanction of whose wisdom and virtue such measures may be adopted , as may in- 379 crease the confidence of the nation in their representatives , and , by enabling them to participate more extensively in the blessings of the constitution , will induce them to make every sacrifice for its defence and preservation . `` May it therefore please your honourable House , to take these premises into consideration , and to grant such relief as to your honourable House shall seem fit and proper . '' then moved , `` That the Petition do lie on the table. '' —Ordered . , in pursuance of his notice , rose to move for leave to bring in a Bill to extend the provisions of the Act of the 51st of his Majesty to Mary Ann Dix , whose case had lately been brought before the House ( see p . 295 . ) and other persons similarly situated , under the writ 'de excommunicato capiendo . ' Acts of the same description as the 51st of his Majesty had been at different times passed , most of which contained a clause for the relief of persons committed for contempt , for non-payment of costs , and those who were suffering imprisonment under the writ he had just mentioned . This clause had not , however , been inserted last year , which he believed , had originated in mistake . To rectify that error was the object of his present motion . He here thought it necessary to say one or two words , in consequence of what had fallen from a right hon . and learned friend of his ( sir William Scott ) , in the course of the debate on a former evening . He regretted , that he was obliged to speak in the absence of