the highest commendation . ( Hear , hear ! ) But this matter was foreign to the question , and the only excuse he could make for having touched upon it was , that he was not answerable for its introduction.—He repeated his wish , that 881 the sum to be granted to the noble and gallant earl was larger . It was far from being adequate to the extent of his services , more especially when it was considered how much he had had in his power , and how much he had rejected ; but being anxious to avoid any thing like dissent on such a question , he would not press the adoption of a larger sum . He was sure , however , that the committee would cheerfully and unanimously join with his royal highness the Prince Regent in the noblest exercise of the regal prerogatives , by evincing the gratitude of the country to a distinguished individual who had rendered himself an honour to the present age , and an example to posterity . in explanation , complained that the right hon . gentleman had chosen entirely to misrepresent him . The right hon . gentleman first disclaimed all knowledge of military tactics , but immediately afterwards , `` Mark the humility of Shepherd Norval ! '' he pronounced a decided opinion on the conduct of the war in the peninsula . As for himself he had only contrasted as matters of fact the exploits of lord Wellington , with what had been done by the French general , who in the course of one campaign had sent 47,000 prisoners to France , and had taken Tarragona , Saguntum , and Valencia : and even though Suchet was the enemy of this country , he must be allowed to admire the great military talents which he had displayed . During the same period , we had little else to set off against such signal successes but the capture of Ciudad Rodrigo , a town that might be taken three or four times in the course of a campaign , and produce very little effect on the fate of the war . The right hon . gentleman had totally misrepresented him , when he thought fit to hold him up as a blazoner of the merit of the French general , and the depressor of that of the English one ; and the attempt of the right hon . gentleman to place him in such a situation was completely unjustifiable . The right hon . gentleman seemed , however , to scout the idea of taking this grant to lord Wellington from those sources of revenue that were at the immediate disposal of the crown . He seemed to consider these sources as disgraceful , and that it would be infamous to apply them when real merit was to be rewarded . This being the right hon . gentleman 's reasoning , he trusted he should have his vote for the abolition of these 882 sources of influence , when the subject of sinecure offices was brought under the consideration of the House . replied , that the hon . baronet had mistaken the nature of his reasoning on the subject of the pecuniary grants which it was in the power of the crown to bestow . The hon . baronet had been in the habit of calling such grants disgraceful to the receiver ; and yet had proposed that the present annuity to lord Wellington should come from revenue immediately at the disposal of the crown ; and when he used the term `` disgraceful , '' as applicable to them , it was only to shew that the hon . baronet was prepared to reward lord Wellington from a source which he , the hon . baronet , thought disgraceful . On the subject of sinecures , he had delivered his opinion on a former occasion , and would now state it to be simply this ; that the crown should have at its disposal the means of rewarding merit , but that it would be better if the funds for that purpose were