, that a vote of thanks should have been proposed to lord Minto , for , howeven unwillingly he 144 might do it , he felt himself conscientiously bound to oppose the measure . He thought the question was not , whether lord Minto had done certain services to the country , nor whether he had acted with a certain degree of judgment and vigilance creditable to himself and beneficial to the British possessions in India ; but whether he had performed such services , whether he had displayed such judgment and vigilance as might justly entitle him to so high an honour as receiving a vote of thanks from that House . Much had been already said , within those walls , of the prostitution of votes of thanks , and if the resolution then under discussion should be passed , it would , in his opinion , be another proof of that prostitution . Lord Minto might have great merit ; Batavia might be a possession of great value to this country ; but what had been done by lord Minto that could not have been done without him , ? What schemes of policy had he devised , what measures of utility had he effected , what achievements had he performed that could justify his absence ? Was it a customary procedure of that House to pass votes of thanks to those who had planned successful and important expeditions ? Certainly not . The First Lord of the Admiralty might have planned many which had been gloriously achieved ; but did it ever occur to that House to vote him their thanks ? He thought it was establishing a new and unnecessary precedent , and he regretted that the measure had been proposed , as it only tended to bring lord , Minto 's name and actions under a discussion from which they could not retire untouched , even though the resolution should be ultimately carried . The marquis Wellesley , indeed , had been thanked by that House for a noble and extensive plan for expelling the French from the Indian peninsula ; but he conceived there was a vast difference between the two projects , While , however , he dissented from the motion which would convey the thanks of that House to lord Minto , he should most willingly concur in every praise that it might be judged proper to bestow upon sir S. Auchmuty , and upon the officers and men serving under him . began by disclaiming any motives which might arise out of political or private acquaintance with the noble lord who was the object of the motion , in advocating the present vote of thanks . He would not go into any detail of the circumstances of the achieve- 145 ment so ably narrated by his right hon . friend , but would confine himself to the simple question ; which was , whether the result of this most important campaign did not deserve the thanks of that House . The conquest of the Mauritius and the island of Java was by far the most important colonial conquest made in our East Indian history ; not , perhaps , so much on account of the territorial acquisition thereby gained , but for the protection which our commerce in the Eastern seas would receive from this station . It was also important , because it struck the last blow at the power of France in the Indies , and because it deprived her of an island which was the depôt of all her annoyances to us there , and the rendezvous of all her privateers . It was not , in his mind , —what-ever the right hon . gent . on the other side might imagine , —the least important feature in the merits of lord Minto , that be went out of his way to collect information for the purposes of this conquest , and that be superintended the arrangements immediately preparatory to it . Neither did he think that the praise of having laid such an admirable plan for so successful a conquest , could be done away