conceive that their situation might afford a proper subject for the deliberation of parliament , to consider whether any , or what assistance should be furnished them.—There was one point of the new arrangement , however , on which both the right hon . and hon . gentlemen had thought fit to lay great stress . It was that part of the establishment which was reserved to attend on his Majesty 's person , and which was to be under the controul of her Majesty . There were various objections to this part of the proposition : the first was to the extent of the establishment so reserved . It might be recollected , that on a former 361 occasion he had stated it to be his opinion that the House would not do well if they provided in this respect , as if his Majesty must remain in the unhappy state in which he was at present placed : and that they ought to consider the possibility of his regaining complete consciousness , even should he never be enabled to resume the reins of government . But he was accused of not having put questions on this subject to the physicians . There was no reason for putting them . They had distinctly stated that there were intervals in which he was capable of enjoying the society of his family.— ( `` Not since July , '' from the Opposition Benches . ) —That was true ; but there was no reason to conclude that the thing was impossible ; and when cases of a similar description were considered , it appeared that it was not less probable since that period that his Majesty should recover the consciousness to which he alluded , than that `` before that period he should have recovered the power of being able to exercise the royal authority . If , therefore , the House at all took this circumstance into consideration they must determine that something like the dignity of a king should surround his Majesty , and surely that which was proposed was not too much for such a purpose . But the principal objection , it seemed , lay to this establishment being placed under the controul of the Queen . The hon . gentleman affected to perceive in that circumstance symptoms of a continuance of that most determined and settled distrust of his royal highness the Prince Regent , which , according to him , had pervaded the whole of the propositions which he had thought proper , on a former occasion , to submit to the adoption of parliament . Now , really , if the hon . gentlemen opposite could find out any motive by which the most despicable and most foolish of men could possibly be induced , under the present circumstances , to evince a deep and marked disrespect towards , and distrust of , his royal highness the Prince Regent , he left them to enjoy their discovery . For his part , he was not conscious of any feeling in his own mind so absurd . But let the House see what those who were so tenderly anxious about the Prince Regent 's feelings and character proposed . They contended , that because his Royal Highness was worthy of confidence ( in which he cordially concurred with them ) , that therefore the whole controul of his royal father 's household should be left in his hands . 362 They thought this would conduce to his ease and comfort . For his part , he could not conceive a more invidious situation than that in which such an arrangement would place the Prince Regent , nor could he imagine any thing more revolting to his royal highness 's feelings . The hon . gentleman opposite acknowledged that the care of his Majesty 's person ought to be entrusted to the Queen . If , therefore , any distrust of his royal highness existed , here was distrust of the blackest kind . But , surely , if it was right that the person of his Majesty should be placed under the care of the