added to and made one joint stock with the 5l . per cent . annuities , created by acts made in the 24th , 25th , 34th , 35th , 36th , 37th , 48th , 49th , 50th , and 51st years of his present Majesty , and the interest to commence from the 5th of January 1812 , which said annuities are to be redeemable at the same time , and in like manner , as the said annuities already established are now redeemable by parliament , and to be charged upon and made payable out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain . `` That the amount of Exchequer Bills which may be so exchanged shall not exceed , in the whole , the principal sum of 14 millions sterling . '' said , he was quite at a loss to suppose how the right hon . gentleman could expect to add the sum of 14 million to a fund which must have experienced a great depression . He approved of the principle of dividing as much as possible the sums to be raised among the different funds . If the right hon . gentleman 's object could be accomplished , he saw no objection to it , but he must put out of his calculation entirely , any advantages likely to result from a state of peace : to that state , however desirable , they must look with little hope , after the declaration of an eloquent statesman , that `` war was now the element in which we must live and move . '' The consequence of the present proposition , he believed , would be , that the stock would become a heavy stock . But after all , he would ask , what a loan were they to expect this year ? For this was but the commencement , the 806 prelude to the grand drama to which we were still to look . admitted the prima facie policy of funding in a stock , of which the capital subscribed in the case of the stock being paid off , was not subject to any extraordinary variation . It was obvious , that the immediate difference in the two modes of funding was considerable . He was of opinion , however , that the market would not be able to meet so large an accession ; and he believed that the previous knowledge of the right hon . gentleman 's intention to fund in the 5 per cents . had contributed to their depression , , from all he could learn , did not think the right hon . gentleman would be able to fund the Exchequer Bills this year to the amount proposed , and therefore he thought it better not to attempt it . He was also apprehensive that the system might be carried too far . said , there was hardly an argument resorted to by the hon . baronet , on the present occasion , which he did not urge against the proposition of the former year . He appeared to think that there was some difference between the notices of both years to the city , but he would state that , in point of fact , there was none . It was true , there was a greater depreciation in the present , but the excess proposed above the former did not amount to more than 2,000,000l . The hon . baronet might say that he did not succeed in his proposition last year . It was true he did not obtain the entire sum immediately , but he made up the deficiency only by enlarging the time . The hon . gentleman who spoke next , gave reason to suppose that the calculation had varied since the valuation was made ; but he believed , that since the offer went into the city , no diminution had taken place in the value of Exchequer Bills . The other hon . gentleman feared that the principle might be carried too far . He allowed that it might ; but the question was , whether it was