as at the subsequent period for the negociation for peace . The only 1009 thing that remained to be considered , was how best to carry on the war . Was it by adopting an offensive or defensive system of warfare , that the country enjoyed the surer prospect of succeeding in its objects ? It appeared to him that the former was the more advisable policy ; and it had been well characterised , in contrast to the opposite system , by one of the ablest writers on our military relations and resources , as a war of hope against a war of fear . If they looked back into the history of our wars , abundant evidence might be found of the superiority of the former policy over the latter . Let the House look to the wars in which this country was engaged during the reign of queen Anne , and ask themselves whether , if the chilling counsels of the hon . baronet had been acted upon—if it had been held impracticable at once to maintain an army on the Danube and another on the Ebro , the objects of that war would have been accomplished in the manner in which they had been ? At least , if they had not been fully accomplished , their failure was to be attributed to an unfortunate change of policy . In the Seven Years war , as it was generally called , when the king of Prussia was threatened by a coalition of the most formidable nature , the British government stood boldly and actively forward in his support . We united our strength to his , and he was maintained against all the embarrassments and the perils of his situation . We were successful ; and the king of Prussia was not ruined , because he did not despair . We acted on principles of the wisest policy , because we acted upon that feeling of perseverance , and that unconquerable energy of mind which find in danger itself the source of their growth and vigour . He recollected , too , that at a more recent period—in 1803 , when new plans were in execution for extending a general system of home defence , it was a frequent reproach to the government , at that time , that they neglected a more important and efficient line of policy in preparing for plans of foreign warfare . It could , however , hardly be said , that we had not of late acted efficiently upon this principle . After triumphing over France , wherever we had contended with her , and sweeping her flag from three quarters of the globe , was it advisable to stop suddenly short in this career , and withhold the means of future victory ? When the present war in Spain first broke 1010 out , there never perhaps existed in the country so strong : and universal a sentiment in favour of granting to that nation every assistance , and in every mode . He did net feel it necessary to go with the hon . baronet through the two first campaigns ; but supposing there had been errors in the manner in which they had been conducted , were those errors to plead for a correction of , or to be adduced as arguments against the policy itself ? Was the system to be entirely condemned on account of a few accidental defects ? There certainly had prevailed a great variety of opinion in the House , as to the most expedient mode of carrying on the war in the peninsula , and among other schemes the hon . baronet himself had , he believed , his plan of a campaign . If he recollected rightly , the hon . baronet wished to begin his operations in Catalonia ; but it was quite impossible that , after landing an army there , he should have advised its recall whenever the moment arrived of its being in danger . It might be urged undoubtedly , that we had met with some reverses—that we had been sometimes disappointed—but was it a