of this injurious compact led to , could not be denied , namely , that there may still be a nominal union , but that the separation of heart and mind would be real and permanent . stated himself to be satisfied as to the necessity of an inquiry into the policy of the measures which had been adopted with respect to the Catholics . He said , that similar proceedings to those which had recently aroused the suspicions of government , had taken place in Ireland during his administration in 1805 , and that so far was , he or any of the persons connected with him in the government , from being apprehensive of any ill consequences from them , that they had received every countenance and support . Whatever might be now thought on the subject , it was then his opinion , and he had thereby governed his conduct , that the application of the Catholics to the legislature would , in all probability , receive more attention and respect , when it was known that it had been forwarded by a numerous and respectable assembly of country gentlemen , and other individuals , whose rank or wealth entitled them to consideration ; and he recollected that it was in contemplation at the time to send a deputation to London , with the petition , composed of such persons , as a further means of imparting to it that dignity which it seemed to be now thought it could not receive from any thing of the 423 kind . With respect to the general question , out of which that before their lordships had grown ; he meant that of Catholic Emancipation ; he would not now trouble their lordships by entering on it at large , but he wished to draw their attention to a single point . He wished them to cast a retrospective glance on the penal laws . He would not require them to trace , their history from any very distant period ; their relaxation was that on which he was now about to observe . This commenced in the year 1778 . In the year 1792 , the concessions then made were followed up by others of a very important nature , and in 1793 the Catholics obtained , with several other privileges , the elective franchise . He would now state , that at no period , to which he had adverted , was there any hesitation or reluctance , manifested by the government . On the contrary , they had manifested a desire to go greater lengths than they did actually go , and were only prevented by the apprehension , that they might outstrip the feelings of the Irish legislature ; and thus , in an endeavour to obtain for the Catholics a greater benefit , frustrate their hopes even of the lesser . As to his own opinion , with respect to the remaining disabilities affecting the Catholics , he could not conceive that any penal laws should be continued in force , when the cause of their enactment no longer subsisted . The cause which had produced the enactment of those in question , did no longer subsist ; and that being the case , the sooner they were got rid of the better . declared that he felt himself little able to do justice to the subject now before the House , which he agreed with the noble earl with whom the motion had originated , in thinking , was one of considerable importance . He could not agree with the noble earl , however , in the view he had taken of the matter , but rather concurred in the very different view of it so ably stated by the noble earl on the other side , both as to the stale of Ireland , and the causes to which that state was to be attributed . The noble earl who had made the motion , argued the case as a matter of right , and at the same time seemed to contend for it as being a right which pertained not to