rank and station , he knows , from dear-bought experience , could not , under his present circumstances , be resumed without the risk of incurring new difficulties . The Prince thinks that he owes it to himself and to parliament to make this declaration to them with the same distinctness as he stated it to his Majesty 's government upon the first communication made to him of his Majesty 's benign intentions . With respect to the Prince 's claim to an account of the Revenues which accrued from the Duchy of Cornwall from the year 1762 to 1783 , however strong his confidence in the validity of his , claim , a confidence fortified by the greatest legal authorities , yet , as he trusts 174 that , through the gracious interposition of his Majesty , and the liberality of parliament , he shall be enabled otherwise to provide for those demands on his justice which alone induced him to assert his right , he now cheerfully relinquishes his , suit , and has directed his law officers to forego all further proceedings . `` —This , Mr. Sheridan contended , was a mere withdraw , not ah abandonment of the Prince 's claim , which remained in full force . felt himself called upon to offer a few observations , in consequence of the particular appeal which the right hon . gentleman bad thought proper to make to him , in the course of his speech . He begged leave to recal to the recollection of that right hon . gentleman , and of the Committee , that he had not drawn such a conclusion as was ascribed to him in the course of the observations which he had the honour to submit to their consideration that night , and he begged leave distinctly to disclaim all that reference to Parliamentary Reports , and the Annual Register , which the right hon . gentleman had thought proper to ascribe to him , and as for the extract from the Journals , which he had read , he was almost inclined to think that he had read it then for the first time . To recur , however , to what he had advanced in the course of the statement which he had the honour to submit to the Committee , he could not recollect that he had advanced any thing which expressed an opinion on the subject of those claims alluded to by the right hon . gentleman . He had been asked by one right hon . gentleman whether he had an Intention of bringing any thing forward on the subject of the revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall , to which he had a twofold answer to give . In the first instance , he had not any intention of bringing forward any mention of those claims , as he had always been of opinion , that there was no ground for them ; but be had never stated that he had any instructions on the subject from his Royal Highness , nor after such a testimonial as had been read by the right hon . gentleman , was it likely that he should have received such instructions , nor was it consistent with the honour of the Prince , after directing , in terms , his law officers to relinquish the suit , in consequence of the aid afforded him by parliament . It was as little reconcileable with the enlightened mind and acknowledged abilities of the right hon . gentleman , to ima- 175 gine , that , by possibility , any communication of such a nature should be made to him . He thought , therefore , that on this point , he stood fairly With the House , beyond the liability of misconception.—He had never expressed any opinion as proceeding from his Royal Highness ; he had only stated his own impression ; and he left it to the candour of the House , whether any interpretation other than what he had stated could be fairly placed Upon what had fallen from him.—He would now trouble the Committee with a few