all of them would make applications , either to government or to parliament ; and he hoped they would not be precluded by agreements made between this minister or that , and the East India Company . The matter was of the utmost importance to the out ports , and he hoped they would have justice done them . said , that the Committee on India Affairs had really brought forward a great deal of information , though it possibly might have brought forward still more . Besides the account between the East India Company and government , they had produced two very elaborate Reports , and he would take upon him to say , that any gentleman who would look into those reports , could not fail to get much information with respect to the propriety of a renewal of the company 's charter . With respect to the Ninth Report , which had been alluded to by an hon . gentleman , however pointed it might have been to the subject in 1780 , it was by no means so now ; circumstances had varied most materially since that period ; and if the House should now proceed on it , they would be very much misled by it . The Company were no party to the propositions then brought forward , but they had more than paid the 500,000l . to be paid annually , in the various disbursements they had made on behalf of government . As to the expectations of the merchants of England , he believed they were very , san- 677 guine , but feared they would be disappointed , for in the time of the Protectorate those who had fitted out ships were ruined by so doing , and the private trade now allowed to be carried on had filled the warehouses of the Company with goods that were unsaleable . The only reason why the Americans had prospered was , that they had been acting as neutrals , while we had been in a state of war . They had had a market in France , and through her with the whole continent of Europe . As to the Company paying Members in that House , he never heard of such a thing before . ( Mr. Whitbread said across the table , they pay the Board . ) Oh ! said Mr. Grant , is that what is meant ? With respect to private trade , he was certain the country could be no gainers ; for whatever might be gotten by the cheapness of many articles , would be more than over-balanced by the ruin of the merchants who embarked in it . said , the hon . gentleman who spoke last , had predicted that the merchants who embarked in the private trade to India would be ruined ; he begged only to lay in his claim that they might be indulged , and he would trust to their enterprise to carry them through . His hon . friend who began the debate , had set out by alluding to the speech of the Prince Regent at the opening of the session , and he could not avoid observing , that the House had now sat a month , and made no progress whatever towards tailing that part of the speech into consideration . He was sorry he was compelled to agree with his hon . friend in all he had stated with regard to Liverpool . He was sorry to say , that that lately opulent town had been shorn of its brightest beams ; for now , whoever went along the quays , not long since crowded with every species of merchandise , would behold the melancholy and mortifying signal of a broom at the mast-head of almost every other ship , to notify , alas ! that it was to be sold . Last year , not foreseeing the sudden and severe reverse which had taken place , the merchants of that once flourishing town came forward with a bill for providing new docks ; but now it was one universal scene of poverty and