; and on the other side , there was a difficulty in making a new precedent . In the case of the Charitable Corporation which had been cited , the money was not considered as public money , but as the money of individuals . In all the records we had of the proceedings upon that subject , we should find on reading the debates , that it was never stated as an embezzlement of public money , but merely as a breach of trust . It would be hard to call the money that the South Sea Company got hold of , public money ; it was private money the property of individuals . The hon . and learned gentleman who spoke last , had laid some stress on the cases of persons convicted and punished for offences contrary to law . He would , however , state on the other hand , that in the case of Mr. Wall , who had been expelled for perjury , there had been no punishment : and in the more recent case of Mr. Atkinson , no judgment had been given . In those cases , therefore , there had been no legal disabilities created : and yet the House expelled the member on the ground that it was the infamy of the offence , and not the punishment , which made the person unworthy of being a member . As to the practice of saving a point of law for the decision of the judges , although it was a common practice in civil cases , yet it was not common in criminal cases ; and he believed that it was done in this case at the particular request of Mr. Walsh 's counsel . If there had been a special verdict , and it had come before the House of Lords , ( but it was not likely that the prosecutor would have brought it there ) , he did not think a serious delay was to be apprehended . He believed that criminal appeals took the precedence of civil appeals ; and in the case of Hart and White , there did not appear to be any great delay . An hon . gentleman seemed to consider Mr. Walsh 's letter as an extenuation of his offence . Now , it appeared to him 1194 that it was quite the contrary . It appeared by that letter , that Mr. Walsh conceived that there would be no offence in the eyes of God or man in cheating Mr. Oldham for the benefit of his own family ; but he allowed that the seizing the money of his friend sir Thomas Plumer was not quite so proper . In this letter he saw nothing but the common cant of sentiment and morality , opposed to the plain dictates of reason and common honesty . An hon . baronet had compared the case of Mr. Mills with the present case ; but it appeared to him that there was a very great difference . Mr. Mills was imprisoned for debt , not upon execution , but upon mesne process . Any man in the kingdom who was not a member of parliament , might be in the same state , if any other individual chose to swear a larger debt than he could procure bail for . If this was allowed as a sufficient cause for expelling a member , any person might be so prevented from taking his seat in that House by any other person in the nation swearing , even the day before the election , that such person owed him such a sum of money . If it would be absurd to allow the unsupported , affidavit of a single individual to prevent a man from being elected a member of that House , it was evident that when once elected he ought not to be prevented from attending his parliamentary duty . In the case of colonel Cawthorne , that member was expelled , although he had been tried before a court martial appointed at the pleasure of the King . The object of the