item in the account was 1863l . 12s . 9d . for dragomans. , in former times when our missions to Constantinople were more of a commercial than a political nature , and belonged in fact more to the Levant Company than to the government the expence of dragomans was defrayed by the Levant Company ; but when it became necessary to send an embassy purely political to Constantinople , that Company refused to any longer defray the expence of the dragomans , and it of course fell upon government . Under these circumstances , it became his duty to pay the dragomans , and this he had done in the most economical manner . The various sums he had already enumerated amounted to above 30,000l , not one single shilling of which had in point of fact passed through his hands . The banker at Constantinople had advanced the money ; he examined the accounts , and regularly transmitted the vouchers to his government . The next item was for extraordinary expences . When he went on the mission , his salary as paid net to him , was fixed at 6,452l . but he soon found that it was impossible for him to live upon that salary , for his expences amounted to double that sum . He immediately informed his court of that circumstance . Being at that time unable on account of domestic circumstances to attend as much as he could have wished to all the details of his establishment , he requested his friend the Russian minister , M. de Italinski , to examine the state of his expenditure , and to give his opinion whether or not it was too large . [ Here Mr. Arbuthnot read a letter from M. de Italinski , stating that he thought his establishment much too small ; in particular , he said it was deficient in valets and livery servants , as a great degree of shew and splendour was necessary in that place . He also added , that as the price of every article was daily increasing , his expences would annually exceed 150,000 piastres , about 10,000l . ] Finding , as he had already stated , that he could not live upon his salary , he wrote home to his court stating the situation in which he found himself , and adding that unless his salary should be raised he could not remain at Constantinople . He begged leave here to mention another circum- 726 stance which had added considerably to his expences . When he was about to leave England to proceed upon his mission , he received directions to go to Vienna , instead of proceeding at once to Constantinople in a frigate as was at first intended . Sir A. Paget , our minister at Vienna , had signified a wish to come to England upon his private affairs , and he had been directed to carry on the business of that mission diving his absence . It afterwards appeared that Sir Arthur was not desirous of quitting his post ; but it was scarcely necessary to state that he had been put to a very considerable expence in travelling with his family across the continent , and during his stay at Vienna . While he was remaining , in that capital he had written to Constantinople to procure a house , as the palace was not completed ; he had also given directions for procuring a country residence , which was necessary ; and he likewise gave orders for the proper number of servants to be engaged . When he left Vienna to go to Constantinople , he applied to lord Nelson , who at that time commanded in the Mediterranean , for a frigate , but several months elapsed before he could procure one for his passage from Trieste . The result was , that a very considerable and unlooked for expence had been incurred ; and he could here state , that such extra-travelling expences , when incurred by foreign ministers , were invariably defrayed by government . The expence , indeed , which he had incurred