the enemy in 1810 could not be prevented . It was well known , as stated by the French commander in chief himself , that the French force destined for the attack on Portugal , was 110,000 men ; of this force 27,000 laid siege to Ciudad Rodrigo . Lord Wellington at that time had only with him 17,000 British , and 14,000 Portuguese , the latter completely untried . The British commander in chief never lost sight of the importance of relieving the place , if possible , and to the last moment had the object in view , but the Portuguese troops being then completely untried , it became a consideration of prudence how far it was advisable to try them under circumstances peculiarly disadvantageous . It was also to be considered , that the allied army must have fought the enemy with the Agueda in their rear , and that even if they had defeated the covering army , still , with the river in their rear , and embarrassed as they neces- 705 sarily would be with wounded , it was more than doubtful whether any advantage could thus be gained . The defence of Portugal was also of the greatest importance ; it was not merely one point that was to be attended to , but the ultimate defence of the country , and lord Wellington being certain that he could effectually defend Portugal by having resort to the lines of Torres Vedras , it was essential not to run the hazard of wasting unprofitably the troops through whom that defence was to be made . After marshal Massena had retreated from Portugal , lord Wellington 's attention was again called to Ciudad Rodrigo , but his operations in that quarter were interrupted by those of the enemy in Estremadura , to which province the pressure of the war was necessarily for a time removed . Subsequently to the cessation of these movements , other circumstances operated to delay the attack upon Ciudad Rodrigo . It was well known that there was no bridge over the Agueda near Ciudad Rodrigo , except the bridge of the place itself ; and at certain seasons of the year , the river was so much swollen by the mountain torrents , that it became impracticable to throw any bridge over it . Lord Wellington also judged it expedient , before laying siege to Ciudad Rodrigo , to have Almeida as a depot , for which purpose it was necessary that the fortifications should be restored , and he was happy to state that Almeida was now in a respectable state of defence.—In the capture of Ciudad Rodrigo there were many circumstances which must be highly satisfactory . When the enemy laid siege to it in 1810 , they completed the investment on the 10th of June , and the place did not surrender by capitulation till the 11th of July . Lord Wellington invested the place on the 8th of January , and this , it should be remembered , under all the disadvantages of a siege , in the depth of winter , and the place was taken by storm on the 19th of that months In recounting this , it was a subject of no ordinary satisfaction to observe the skill and ability manifested by the engineer and the artillery . Thus completing the proof that in every branch of our military service our superiority was decidedly manifest—our infantry , our cavalry , our engineers , our artillery , our commissariat , all were proved to be decidedly superior—a superiority resulting from a wise system at home carried into practice by the wisdom , the skill , and the exertions of our commander in chief 706 in Portugal . The enemy no longer vaunted of superiority , no longer boasted of driving British troops into the sea , it being now apparent to all the world , that with British hearts in British bosoms we maintained a decided superiority in whatever element we fought.—The capture of Ciudad Rodrigo , whilst it was of essential importance to those great interests which we were engaged in supporting ,