, without any violent stretch of fancy , be extended still farther , and sweep away both Houses of parliament in its progress . But he spoke with a consoling confidence , when he said , that such was not English law ; that such were not the principles upon which English law was built , nor its impartial dispensation regulated . But quitting altogether the ground he had taken upon the fair , obvious , and direct construction of this act , he hesitated not to say , that no construction that could be put upon it , even by ministers themselves , could rescue them from the charge of wanton and gross misconduct throughout the whole of these proceedings . Whether the Catholics had been capriciously testy , or but justly indignant : whether they had 472 been obstinate or firm—whether they had been wrong or right , were questions that did not at all affect the unquestionable fatuity of the Irish government . It was a system of misconduct uniform and consistent in all the great principles of error , and chequered with an alternate succession of folly and rashness—shifting from a timidity that made it contemptible to a desperation that made it dangerous . Of the far famed proclamation he should then say nothing . He should leave it to the noble and learned lord on the woolsack . He passed over its slovenly informality , but what should he say of the attempt to act upon it , and the dignified success of that attempt . How could he attempt to describe the irritable weakness with which it had been taken up , or the impotent meanness with which it had been abandoned . He would take their own construction , and make use of it to condemn their own proclamation . No person can be taken and committed to prison on charges for any other offences than either treason , felony , breach of the peace , or those cases provided for by the statute—now , the offence set forth in this proclamation came not under any of these classes ; persons so offending shall , when convicted—what ? be taken into custody and lodged in prison ? —No—shall be guilty of a high misdemeanour—and yet the proclamation orders all mayors , constables , & c. & c. to apprehend and hold to bail those persons so offending.—He challenged the noble and learned lord on the woolsack to controvert him , when he said that the apprehension of such persons under this act was illegal—the Lord Chancellor and Attorney General of Ireland did thus appear to have advised an illegal proceeding—and what did the chief justice Downes ? He actually committed persons apprehended by this proclamation . He was aware that as that person was likely to become the subject of some civil actions for those arrests , it would , be as well to speak of the matter tenderly , but he could not help thinking that the chief justice had been guilty of a breach of judicial decorum , of extra-judicial interference , that did not become one who ought to have been more sensible of the necessity of keeping personally aloof from all suspicion , in a question of such delicacy , and which he himself was soon to be called upon to decide . Conduct of that kind was pregnant with 473 the worst consequences , as it had a tendency to shake the confidence of the public , in the impartiality , integrity , and purity of the administration of public justice.—But was the conduct of the Irish government exempt from every other charge ? There was one from which nothing could rescue it—it was most impolitic . What was the object of the Catholic Committee ? The most laudable—the gratification of an honourable ambition . Could the Roman Catholic be tame , cold , or indifferent in such a pursuit ? He would be unworthy the privileges he looked for—he would not be worthy the few privileges that were left him—without the ambition of a freeman , he could be fit only to be a slave . Was