any magistrates to center the Catholic meetings therein mentioned , and disperse them , be would assert , that the magistrates had not a right to interfere but in cases of treason , felony , or breach of the peace . The offence for which the Catholic Committee were arraigned , was in the act itself a misdemeanour ; and that could only be proceeded against by ex officio information , or by presentment of the grand jury , to be tried in a court of over and terminer . He therefore doubted extremely , the legality of the authority which the proclamation gave the magistrates to commit the persons who assembled in Liffey-street chapel . He doubted much , either the authority of government to issue , or that of the magistrates to obey such an order ; and , indeed , he did not believe that one magistrate had acted upon it . It was just cause also for complaint , that the informations against the members of the Catholic Committee had been laid before the lord chief justice , that he was the person who had been applied to , when there were 800 other magistrates in Ireland who could have served the purpose as well . He thought this , to say the least of it , indecorous ; and one reason for his thinking so was , in the language held by the right hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr . Pole ) last year , `` because if any of these persons were brought to trial , he , the chief justice , must have presided on the occasion , and every stain on the administration of justice ought to be avoided . '' No person was less disposed than he to throw out reflections on the administration of justice : but really he thought , that the chief justice of Ireland 564 ought not to have been employed to issue a warrant against these persons . It was essential to the purity of justice , that no communication should take place between him and the crown on the subject of judicial matters ; and it would at least have been decent , that one of the many police magistrates whom government had at their disposal in Dublin , should have been employed in his stead . Had a similar application been made under similar circumstances , to the lord chief justice of the court of King's-bench , in England , he ( sir . A. P. ) was persuaded that that noble and learned lord would have refused to grant his warrant . In saying this , he by no means intended to throw any imputation on the individual , the accuracy of whose conduct he had been questioning . For all those who were appointed to administer justice , he had a sincere respect , but he had a most important duty to discharge , that of a member of the English and Irish parliament , which called upon him to protest against any irregular proceeding on the part of the judicature , if it might not indeed be stigmatized with a more unwelcome term . All these circumstances furnished reasons for going into an enquiry into the causes which had disturbed the tranquillity of Ireland , and that at a time when his Majesty 's indisposition had placed the Prince Regent in power , from whose gracious and benignant disposition the Catholics of Ireland had just reason to expect so much . Was it no impediment to the sacred right of petitioning , to say , that all the Irish Catholics , however scattered , must meet together in aggregate bodies , and not appoint committees out of the most intelligent of their number ? And was it by rendering necessary the assemblage of such large bodies of men , that government thought they would best prevent the occurrence of riots , tumults , and disorders in Ireland ? Was it the design of ministers to implicate the Prince Regent in their proceedings against Ireland ? If so , he trusted they would be effectually disappointed . He should certainly give