distress . The people of Liverpool had ever shewn themselves to be an active and enterprising set of men , and he thought they were at least entitled to the same advantages from their own government as had been granted by it to the Americans . thought the House would find no difficulty in throwing open , to a considerable extent , the trade with India , without infringing on the East India Company 's charter , or without endangering the security of our East Indian possessions . On this subject he conceived the hon . gentleman who had spoken last but one , had given a very satisfactory answer to the hon . gentleman who had commenced the debate . He rose at present merely to give expression to the surprise which he felt at the statement made by that hon . gentleman respecting the produce of the property tax at the 5th of January last ; Compared with the produce of the property tax for the year ending the 5th of January preceding . He apprehended , that instead of the deficiency of 1,100,000l . of he one year compared with the other , the real deficiency would be only 289,000l . But though the produce of the year , ending in 1811 , was less than that of the year ending in 1810 , by the sum of 289,000l . it was at the same time to be remarked , that it was greater by 700,000l . than that of the year preceding the former of these periods . Certainly , a deficiency of 289,000l . would not warrant the hon . gentleman in the desponding views which he had taken . But it was not fair to draw such a conclusion at any rate , on a comparison of two years only , and especially a comparison of the present year with the most productive year which the country had ever known . It was also to be considered that the produce was only diminished in comparison with this most productive and greatest of all years , and that it was greater for the present year than for all former years , with the exception of the year ending the 5th of January , 1811 . The increase at the 5th of January , 1811 , was also in a good measure owing to those measures which had been adopted in consequence of the recommendations of the House to bring in the arrears and to levy the tax more effectually , all which measures began to operate last year , and had the effect of swelling it in comparison of the present ; for the same increase could not be expected from these measures after they had been some time in operation . Comparing the whole receipts of the tax during last year and the present year together , it would be found that they amounted to 10,700,000l . for the present , and ten millions for the past year ; so that if the property tax of these two years were 679 compared together , independent of the arrears recovered in each year , it would be found that the increase was rather the excess of arrear recovered in the one year over that in the other . Instead of a deficiency then of 1,100,000l . it was only 289,000l . and comparing the total receipts , there was 700,000l . more for the present year , than for the third year back . He believed this statement was not far from correct , although he might be mistaken in a small degree . As to what had been stated respecting Liverpool by the hon . gentleman , if he meant that such was the general state of trade throughout the country , he could inform him , that though the trade of the present year was less than that of the preceding , it was greater than that of any other year , and that the preceding year was greater than any year ever known . said , the single question now before them was , whether a committee should be appointed or not