had reason to believe , however , that they had , within these few days , much subsided . Whether this was or was not the case , the House would soon possess the opportunity of inquiring into the subject , when a Bill , which was now in preparation , should be introduced . observed , that after what had fallen from the right hon . Secretary , 672 he should not himself now give any notice on the subject ; but he must ask , was not the existence of the late disgraceful riots at Nottingham , a primâ facie charge against the home administration . said , that the riots at Nottingham had not only not subsided , but were increasing , and loudly called for enquiry . stated , that he had received letters that morning which expressed that a greater degree of tranquillity prevailed in the country than had been for some months past . , after shortly adverting to the importance of the subject , especially as the great question of the East India Company 's Charter would soon come before the House , observed , that the Committee had already made two large reports , which contained a full account of the foreign transactions of the company , and that it only remained now to take into consideration the home department of the business , that the House might have before them a complete history of the finances of the East India Company . He apologised for the delay which had occurred , on the ground of the length of time requisite to prepare , arrange , and render intelligible tedious and complicated accounts . He wished to make only two slight alterations , which were , the substitution of Mr. Howarth and Mr. Lushington , in the room of lord Melville and Sir John Anstruther . He then moved , `` That a Select Committee be appointed to enquire into the present state of the affairs of the East India Company , and to report the same , as it shall appear to them , to the House , with their observations thereupon . '' objected to the motion altogether . For the purpose of shewing the importance of the subject , he begged that that part of the Prince Regent 's speech at the opening of the session , which recommended attention to the affairs of the British possessions in India , should be read . [ It being accordingly read by the clerk , the hon . gentleman proceeded . ] The charter of the Company was near its expiration : it was therefore highly important , that every sort of information should be obtained before the discussion of its renewal . It was on this ground he objected to the select committee , as utterly incompetent and inadequate to furnish that information . It was now the fifth session since that Com- 673 mittee had been appointed , and yet their accounts were so utterly unintelligible , that he was convinced that not one person in that House , nor out of it , understood a tittle of the matter . He proposed , therefore , a committee of the whole House , that the country might be able to see what was going forward . There were documents enough already an which an enquiry might be grounded . The first object of consideration should be the agreement of 1793 , by which it was guaranteed , that in consideration of an exclusive monopoly , the sum of 500,000l . should be annually paid to the public . Yet , in the course of 19 years this payment had been only once made ; and in another instance , the public had been called upon to advance a loan of 1,500,000l.—The next object for their consideration was , that the external or Indian debt of the Company , instead of being reduced from 8 to 2 millions as was stipulated in the act of 1793 , was increased to 30 millions ; the bond-debt from 2 to 7 millions ; although not one farthing ( except in one solitary