measure , he must enter his protest . The right hon . gentleman had no right , as a minister of the crown , to dole out those funds as he thought fit ; they were strictly the property of the subjects of this country , and ought this year to be brought into the Supply . He would not enter into the subject now , because an hon . and learned friend of his ( Mr. Brougham ) had already given notice of a motion respecting the Droits of Admiralty . When parliament gave to his Majesty 800,000l . per ann . for the Civil List , they little imagined that a fund of 8 millions additional remained behind . They little expected to have heard it laid down as law , that 8 million of the Droits of Admiralty , was as much the property of his Majesty , as the estate of any gentleman in that House belonged to him . The House had come to the determination of granting the Prince Regent 100,000l . He did not object to that ; but when they had given him the full measure which was demanded , it was not right that he should have it in his power , if any rapacious adviser should so direct him , previous to a declaration of war , ( he would suppose with America , ) to sweep the ships of that country from the sea , and thus put millions of money into his pocket . There was another point , of minor importance , which he also thought it necessary to notice ; he meant the Leeward Island Duties . These also , he contended , were the property of the public , and should be brought in aid of the supply . His present Majesty , he was aware , had toot given them up ; but they had been given up by Queen Anne , and by George the First and Second . When a new agreement was about to be made , it was right that these disputed matters should be settled ; and , before the Civil List act was passed , the House ought to come to a plain Understanding on these two great questions . As those matters were constituted at present , they were not 188 productive of so much benefit to the crown , as of evil to the public . What were they to think , when they saw those funds a constant source of corrupt influence ; when they beheld the law officers stand up and talk of the sacred claim , which the crown bad on them , and yet beheld ministers divide them among their relations and dependants ? He alluded to the Leeward Island Duties , the property of the public , which were parcelled out among the ministers and their adherents . This he was ready to prove , and , at a future day , he would submit a motion to the House on the subject . that he entirely coincided in what had fallen from the last speaker ; his opinion decisively was , that the Droits of Admiralty ought to be given up for the benefit of the public . This question , however , was now in the hands of an hon . and learned friend of his , quite able to do it justice . He now wished to advert to another subject , the arrangements of the household . By the plan of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , it was proposed to vote 170,000l . to the support and maintenance of the king and queen . This he thought a most immoderate sum . With respect to the means of supplying this expenditure , 100,000l . was to be taken from the Civil list , and 70,000l . to be provided by a vote of parliament . This vote he professed his intention of opposing in every stage . He thought that instead of the double transfer from the Prince 's income to the Civil List , and from the Civil List to his