was an infringement of the royal prerogative ? But , on the contrary , it established the right of interference vested in parliament , and corroborated the argument on which he rested . Having said thus much on the origin and nature of those funds , the hon . and learned gentleman proceeded to remark on the mode in which they were issued and applied . It appeared they were partly received by the registrar of the high court of Admiralty , and that they were partly in the hands of the receiver general of droits , the commissioners of prizes , and the bank of England . One thing was certain , that from whomsoever , or to whomsoever they came , they never went into the exchequer , —that they did not afterwards issue from thence , but were taken out of the bank of England , on the authority , not of the privy seal , but of a warrant under the sign-manual only . There was ' no responsibility whatever incurred either by the person who received them , or he who issued them ; and he believed , too , that there was not , even at the treasury , any account of the receipts or outgoings of this fund . That this manner of issue was unconstitutional , he conceived there was very little difficulty to prove ; and that on the authority of persons who would by no means be suspected of leaning to the popular side of the question . The first of these authorities was lord Coke , who , in his second Institute , held , that all warrants for the disposal of the public treasure by sign-manual , were illegal and of he effect , and that the king had no right to issue by his sign manual , except from funds arising out of his own chattels . In the celebrated case , commonly called the Devonshire Case , and also on the trial of Sir Walter Raleigh , it was laid down as clear law , that no public treasure , which Sir E. Coke ( 11 Rep. p. 916 ) says , is '' the ligament of peace , the sinews of war , and the preserver of the honour and safety of the realm , '' amongst which was reckoned 250 treasure trove , and all the other revenues of the crown , could be issued under the authority of the sign-manual alone . Lord Sommers was another great authority ; but the last of those authorities , lord Clarendon , was one which he thought would be universally acknowledged , as most above the suspicion of being influenced by a thirst for novelty , or a desire of acquiring popular opinion . In condemning , therefore , the practice which had now obtained , of so vast a revenue being in the possession of the crown , unchecked by any controul of parliament , or of any other authority , he was not advancing any new doctrine , or expressing sentiments peculiar to himself . Charles 2 had appointed a separate receiver , by commission , as treasurer of prize-money ; and he would take the liberty of reading to the House an account of the transaction , in the words of the eminent historian he had last mentioned . '' He '' ( lord Clarendon ) '' was required to affix his seal to a bill , making and constituting the lord Ashley , treasurer of all the money that should be raised upon the sale of all prizes which were or should be taken in the war then carrying on against the Dutch , with power to make all such offices as should be necessary for the service ; and that he should account for all monies so received to the king himself , and to no other person whatsoever , and pay and issue out all those monies which he should receive , in such manner as his Majesty should appoint by warrant under his sign manual , and by no other warrant : and that he should be free and