into the proceedings of the Secretary of State 's office , and take some measures to invigorate them . acquitted the right hon . the Secretary of State for the Home Department of any want of vigour ; as it had been allowed on all hands , that he had done every thing that could be done by an early interposition both of the civil and of the military power . He must , however , object to the Bill , because it was a clumsy expedient , and because it extended the long list of our capital punishments . In his opinion , the great defect of the legislature of this country for the last century had been , that when they found the people prone to the commission of crimes , they , in order to put a stop to them , enacted the penalty of death ; by which offenders had escaped punishment almost as much as if no law had been enacted at all . He was particularly averse from proceeding with the present Bill without enquiry , because the present was a period of tranquillity in Nottingham ; and there was , in consequence , no cause for haste . The statute book teemed with sentences inflicting the penalty of death ; and he thought it was a subject the revision of which would well become , the policy as well as the humanity of the House . So long back as 40 years , the penalty of death for offences was considered so lightly of , that the House came to a resolution , That no Bill imposing that penalty should be introduced without a previous committee . For that resolution the public were indebted to sir William Meredith , who , in 1772 , being on an enclosure committee , accidentally heard some of the interested parties complain that several of the peasants were refractory and troublesome , and that the only way to get rid of them would be by hanging a few . The hon . baronet was so 839 Struck by the injustice and wickedness of the observation , that he moved , and the House adopted the resolution . Following up the resolution , he ( Mr. W. ) intended to propose that it should be made a standing order of the House , that no Bill should be introduced having for its object the infliction of penalty of death without a previous committee . If a committee had been granted , as had been proposed by his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Abercromby ) they might have traced the origin of the evils , and found out other remedies perhaps ; but as the present Bill did not seem calculated to reach those evils , and as its very principle was objectionable , he should certainly vote against its being read a second time . contended , that when the law was openly violated , it was the duty of the legislature to enact severer laws . If the parent were not obeyed , while mild and indulgent , who would maintain that he ought not to change his countenance , and express his indignation ? The law proposed was a law not merely to prevent the breaking of frames , but to protect whatever was most dear to us in life . When gentlemen talked of sporting with the lives of others , he would ask , who sported with the lives of the people ? Who neglected the general safety ? and on whom must fall the awful responsibility , if a remedy were not promptly applied to those alarming evils which were under their consideration ? If the law were openly defied , and force continued to be opposed to force , while they were speaking there , thousands of lives might be swept away , and thousands might fall the victims of a too refined sensibility , and mistaken and puling feeling of humanity . He denied that there were more crimes visited with capital punishment in our code of laws than in any other ; and adverting to what had fallen