shores ? It was his sincere opinion , that the whole coast of France was completely at the mercy of his Majesty 's ministers . The noble lord next adverted to the coasting trade carried on by France , and which it was in our power to destroy . That trade existed to an extent almost incredible . It was in our power to dismantle their batteries , —to blow up their towers , —and , above all , to destroy that chain of signal-posts , by which a telegraphic communication was kept up from Flushing to Bayonne , and from the south-east point of Spain to Venice . Each of those signal posts could be successfully attacked by ten men , as except in a few situations they were exposed , and seldom had above two or three maimed soldiers to conduct them . He had no interest whatever in forcing those observations on the attention of the committee , and he hoped the right ' hon . gentleman would not think them altogether unworthy of his consideration . He should not , he said , attempt at that time to say more ; but he trusted that members who were far more capable to do justice to the subject than he could pretend to be , would turn it in their minds , and bring the subject forward , or that his Majesty 's ministers would investigate the truth and act accordingly . In either case he was certain attention to the hints he had thus thrown out could not fail of being attended with the most beneficial results to the country . He did not think ministers , in not having attended to the subject , were so much to blame as the House , for they were , or ought to be , the guardians of the public purse ; but he was 891 sorry to say the practice of the House was to vote estimates to a very great amount without at all troubling themselves to enquire how those estimates were applied . Besides the signal posts he had mentioned , there were placed along the whole coast of Spain many small parties of soldiers in churches , convents , and other buildings , for the purpose of keeping the people of the maritime towns in awe , and passing along supplies to the armies , which supplies it was in our power to intercept , as the only practicable military road was within a pistol shot of the margin of the sea . The smallest assistance would encourage the people to rise upon them . But without such assistance they were afraid to do so , knowing that the French would burn their houses , violate their wives , and murder themselves . This he had seen them do . During all the time he was off Catalonia , the French had barely sufficient force to defend themselves against the natives ; and in every enterprise which they undertook they were foiled . It was notorious , however , to all the world , that the attention of ministers was always engaged exclusively on one or two objects , and that they never took an extended view of things . If our commander on that coast had had discretionary powers to supply Figueras , which was the key of Catalonia , with provisions , it could not have been taken by force , for it was impregnable . If government would only act in a proper way , it was impossible that Buonaparte could go on a twelvemonth longer . The noble lord referred to the American war : had ministers during that war , instead of marching large armies through the country , only transported 10,000 men from one place to another , they would soon have laid waste the whole sea coast , and the country must have submitted . He wished the House to reflect on what he had already stated , respecting the reform of the Admiralty court laws ; for if they would appropriate one million a year which was nearly the double of what was actually derived from