slight , as the greatest loss experienced was caused by the explosion of a battery , which our victorious troops had taken possession of . A variety of different attacks were necessarily made ; each 135 was crowned with success , and it was difficult to say which had been conducted the best . The very able exertions of colonel Gillespie could not be praised too much . It was due to that gallant officer to state , that at the time he thus distinguished himself he was not in good health . He was very unwell , yet , unremitting in his exertions , he forgot his weakness in his zeal , and was only solicitous to discharge his duty . One instance of this he wished particularly to notice . When the enemy fled , and he saw the horse pursuing him , colonel Gillespie was heard to lament that he had no horse to join in the pursuit . A horse was then brought to him , which he was just about to mount , when exhausted by indisposition and the overstrained exertions he had made , he fainted on the spot . Colonel M'Leod also , who unfortunately lost his life in this operation , ought not to be forgotten . Than him , a braver officer had never drawn his sword in the service of his country . He fell , while nobly taking his part in the exertions of this glorious day . The destruction of the enemy had been immense , as an army of 10,000 men had been killed , made prisoners , or dispersed , with the exception of a small body , which had retired with the French general up the country . The conduct of lieutenant general sir S. Auchmuty , who commanded on this occasion , was entitled to the highest praise . In speaking of him , he had only to use the words of lord Minto . The right hon . gent . here quoted that part of the noble lord 's letter , where he observes , that his sovereign will not forget the share sir Samuel Auchmuty had in the operations , nor his countrymen fail to appreciate the man who had so eminently distinguished himself.—It was almost unnecessary to state , that wherever the navy could take a part in the operations , all that could be done was effected by their zeal and valour . The manner in which the subordination of the army had been spoken of was a subject of much congratulation . There never was an instance of an army being in a country which afforded such temptations to plunder , deporting itself in a manner more regular and correct.—On the importance of Java , as an acquisition of territory , he would not speak at present , as he wished to avoid touching on any subject on which a difference of opinion might exist to disturb that unanimity which he hoped would accompany the vote . He would , however , say that the conquest of Java was of 136 infinite importance . If it was not important as a colony gained to England , it was of great importance that it had been snatched from France . That the enemy had been dispossessed of it was ' of great importance to our East India possessions , as in the hands of France there was every reason to fear from the activity of the enemy , that it would be made the means of great annoyance to us . This had been perceived by the governor-general , and to him in particular were the thanks of the House due for the manner in which he had taken upon himself to prepare an expedition , and for the wisdom and skill with which all his arrangements had been made . He would therefore move , `` That the Thanks of this House be given to the right hon . Gilbert lord Minto , governor-general of the British possessions in the East Indies , for the wisdom and ability with which the military resources of the British empire in India