his Majesty 's health . It had been considered questionable , whether or not in the present stage of the proceeding , it was necessary to appoint any Committee for that purpose ; but as doubts had arisen in some quarters on that subject , it had been deemed advisable before the House proceeded to any ulterior measure , that they should enter into an inquiry by a Committee of their own ; the more especially as such an inquiry could be productive of very little delay . He therefore moved , '' That a Select Committee be appointed to examine the Physicians who have attended his Majesty , touching the state of his Majesty 's health since the examination of his Majesty 's Physicians before a Committee of this House in the last session of parliament , and to report such examination to the House . `` —The motion was agreed to , and a Committee accordingly appointed of 21 members , as follows : Mr. Secretary Ryder , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the Master of the Rolls , Mr. Ponsonby , Mr. Wilberforce , Mr. Sheridan , the Attorney General , Mr. W. Adam , Mr. A. H. Eyre , Mr. C. Long , Mr. Tierney , lord Jocelyn , sir J. Newport , sir J. Nicholl , Mr. Whitbread , lord Castlereagh , lord Milton , Mr. Canning , lord G. Cavendish , Mr. H. Addington , Mr. S. Bourne . reported to the House , that his royal highness the Prince Regent , having been attended with their Address of yesterday , was pleased to receive the same very graciously , and to give the following Answer : `` Gentlemen , `` I thank you for this dutiful and loyal Address . Your assurances of the continuance of your support in the great contest in which we are engaged , are highly gratifying to me , and I have the greatest satisfaction in receiving the new proof of your affection and loyalty to the King , my father , which is afforded by your readiness to provide amply and suitably for his comfort and dignity under the pressure of the severe calamity with which it has pleased the Almighty to afflict him . '' said , he rose for the purpose of laying before the House the Petition of a very humble individual ; but , he was sure , it would not , on that account , meet with less attention , particularly when it was known that this person had been treated with great oppression . The Petitioner was a young woman of the name of Dix , residing in Bristol , and who , for two years , had been imprisoned in the gaol of that city , having been excommunicated by the sentence of the Ecclesiastical Court . The circumstances were briefly these . Two women , of whom the petitioner was one , fell out , and abused each other in the street . In consequence of some expressions made use of by the Petitioner , her opponent instituted a suit against her in the Ecclesiastical Court , and at the end of a year and a half , she was sentenced to perform penance . Having failed in this , she was ultimately excommunicated . A process afterwards issued out of the King's-bench , under 100 which she was arrested ; and , for two years , she had continued a prisoner in the gaol of Bristol . Being a pauper , she had no means of subsisting herself there , but was relieved by her father , who was himself a pauper , and received occasional assistance from charitable persons . As the costs of the suit amounted to 30l . and she was destitute of money , no hope of her liberation from prison could be entertained , unless by the intervention of the House . In different Insolvent acts , clauses had been introduced for the relief of persons in her situation ; but in that which had passed last session , no such clause had been inserted . In the Perpetual act of the