and amount of tonnage of this country , compared with that of the foreigners engaged in our trade , which in 1806 and 1807 were nearly equal , in 1809 assumed a very different proportion ; and in 1810 there was an increase in the foreign shipping of upwards of 1,100,000 tons , and an increase of foreign seamen of more than double the number which the enemy had in the Scheldt and elsewhere , only four short years before—namely of from 29,000 to 60,000 ! If this fact does not dispose us to inquire into the consequences of these measures , I know not what will . What a nursery of seamen for the fleets of the enemy had this system prepared ! No wonder that the ship-owners of Hull and Shields will complain of the measures . If such be the ground of their complaint 's to parliament , and if these complaints are even borne out by the Custom-house papers of the right hon . gentleman opposite , I think I ought to expect even the support of that right hon . gentlemen himself to my motion . It appears that even the ship building is falling off considerably in this country ; and that comparing 1809 with 1806 , there is a decrease of one-half . The tonnage of 1811 is not yet presented . Such are the grounds on which I call on the House for inquiry . All this increase of foreign tonnage is at the expence of the tonnage and seamen of the Americans , a nation altogether harm- 1107 less , and naturally friendly to us ; a power with whom we have no rivalship—from whose prosperity and greatness we have nothing to apprehend ; and we have thrown this increase into the hands of powers naturally hostile to us , and either subject to or at the disposition of our enemy . Now , Sir , let us inquire what has been the effect of this Licencing system on our own country . Sure I am it is altogether novel in England , —not that trade should be interfered with , for that has formerly been frequently done , generally by laws , and particularly by Orders in Council , ( though seldom much to its advantage ) —but that this interference should be systematical , and that every day in the year trade should be controlled by the executive government . The trade of the country , at this day is not carried on by merchants residing at Liverpool , or London , or Hull , or any other of the great commercial cities , but by the President or Vice-President of the Board of Trade.—That body , for whom , as individuals , I have the highest respect , is not now employed as formerly , in devising means of hostility towards the enemy , or of protection to our own trade ; but the whole of their mornings are occupied with the assortment of cargoes , with inquiries after what goods are best calculated for this or that market , and with settling the proportions of the various sorts of goods that ought to be carried out in vessels of a given burden ; an employment to which , with whatever respect I may entertain for them , I can not but think , that of all human beings they are the most incompetent . I am speaking of the right hon . the Vice-President of the Board of Controul ( Mr. Rose ) not in his political capacity , not in his natural capacity , but merely in his mercantile capacity . ( Laugh . ) I may entertain a very different opinion of him in the one and in the other ; as in the same manner I may entertain a very different opinion of an hon . Secretary of the Treasury ( Mr. Wharton ) in his official and his poetical capacity—I allude to an hon . gentleman opposite who came out lately to the world as an epic poet.—It certainly wears rather a strange appearance to see the President and Vice-President of the Board