, that the great body of the Catholics were not at all affected by the exclusions under which they laboured ; the operation of which was confined to the gentlemen of the country . This assertion had been admirably refuted by the right hon . gentleman who followed , ( Mr. Canning ) in a speech , one of the most distinguished for eloquence which had ever been heard in that House . One part of that speech , however , he could by no means approve . It was a passage which savoured strongly of the doctrines of that administration , to which in its commencement the right hon . gentleman had belonged , comprehending as it did a sort of jogging to the country to be ready to renew the cry of `` No Popery . '' Of the other parts of the brilliant effusion to which he had alluded , it was impossible to speak too highly . `` Oh , profound ignorance of human nature ! '' had that right hon . gentleman eloquently and justly exclaimed , when he adverted to the argument that the exclusion of the higher orders from offices of dignity and state would not operate to the discouragement and depression of every class of the community . Was it hot most exhilarating to witness , as the House bad done last night , a gallant soldier , a native of the sister island ( general Cole , see p . 492 . ) take his seat after a long absence spent in military service , and receice the highest gratification which a military man could experience—the thanks of the representatives of a free people ? It was a circumstance which the posterity of that gallant general Would take a pride in recollecting , while the eloquent and impressive terms in which the thanks of the House were conveyed , would be read with sensibility by the successors and descendants of him who delivered them . ( Hear , hear ! ) But what would have been the feelings of a Catholic nobleman , blessed with virtuous , brave , and well educated sons , who by any accident might have been a spectator of this scene ? Would he not , in the bitterness of his heart , have exclaimed , `` My sons may bleed and die in the defence of 646 their country as ensigns and captains—they may tread the paths of glory , and deserve the honours which general Cole has received , but reap them , alas ! they never can ! '' ( Hear , hear ! ) . Was it surprising that the Catholics should show repeated symptoms of indignation at distinctions so utterly unreasonable ? It was a natural feeling ; and the consequence of it had been , that many Irishmen , ardent , brave , and enthusiastic , full of honour , eager for distinction , and unable to submit to those restrictions which limited their views of promotion in the British service , sought in foreign nations for that glory which they were denied at home . To this cause was it owing that a Lacy , a Lally , a Sheldon , an O'Farrel had devoted their military talents to the service of hostile countries . To this cause was it owing that in almost every great battle which had been fought on the continent—in the fields of Blenheim , of Ramilies , of Malplaquet , of Fontenoy , Irishmen had been brigaded against us . Such had hitherto been the case , and such must continue to be so . If the same barrier were interposed , the same effects would follow . Step by step the Irish Catholics had acquired the privileges which they possessed . Their spirit and intellect had burst forth with additional ardour since the removal of the restrictions in 1793 . This ardour must have vent . If we were not prepared to engage them on our side in the great battle which we had to fight with our inveterate-enemy , we should find both the physical force and the intellect—both the mea and