of them . The arguments used by the noble earl , in opposition to this motion , appeared to him to be found- 1058 ed in fallacy and involved in contradictions . The noble earl had thought proper to state , that when his noble friend and relative near him had given notice of this motion , he did not know to which of the Orders in Council it applied ; but when their lordships considered the obscurity and complexity of the whole system , which consisted of not less than twenty-four Orders in Council , they must feel sensible of the propriety of instituting an inquiry into the whole subject . His noble friend , in an address , which displayed his usual eloquence and ability , had called upon the House to enter into an examination of the grounds of the whole system ; he had cautiously , judiciously , temperately , and wisely dismissed from the discussion , every consideration of a personal nature—every view of the subject which might have the effect of giving his motion the appearance of establishing any contrast between the measures of this administration and the preceding . He was induced to adopt this course , not because he was prepared to shrink from the comparison , but because the trade of the country had been reduced to a situation which called for the inquiry which his noble friend proposed . This condition of our trade , in his opinion , had been produced by the Orders in Council solely ; no matter by what administration they had been issued ; and as the object of his noble friend was to remedy the evil that existed , he did not feel it necessary to examine minutely which of the Orders in Council had particularly produced the mischief . Upon the case made out , their lordships were bound to inquire . The noble earl had stated , that on this occasion he should not think it right to go into any inquiry respecting the state of our relations with America . He had fortunately , perhaps not strictly kept his promise , for although undoubtedly while important negociations were pending with that power , it would not be advisable to enter very minutely into a discussion of the circumstances of that negociation ; yet surely , though such a particular consideration of the question might not be expedient , it was impossible to discuss a subject which might have the effect of embroiling this country with the united states of America , without touching upon some of the circumstances of their existing relations . The noble earl had contended , that the Order of the 7th of January , 1807 , was as much complained of by the Americans as any of the other 1059 Orders in Council , and enquired whether his noble friend wished that Order to be repealed . His wish was , to inquire into the effect of that Order in Council as well as of the others , and the bent of his mind was , that it ought to be repealed ; but whether it affected the trade of this country or not , would be ascertained in the event of the adoption of the motion of his noble friend to appoint a committee to inquire into its operation . If it were found injurious , whether affecting the morality or the interests of trade , let it be rescinded . `` But , '' said the noble earl , `` it is rather singular that that Order which involves the principle of all the others , should have been obtained by the administration with which the noble mover was connected . '' Why did we see this constant attempt to resolve matters affecting the existence of the country into questions of personal responsibility ? At the time when that order had been issued , it had been the subject of motions in that House , and of protests , strong protests against its inefficacy , entered upon their lordships ' Journals , and signed by members of their lordships ' House . The truth was