importance , it was better to state the grievance in the House than out of it ; and whenever any attempt was made to place the letter of the Act of Union in competition with its spirit , he would always consider it his duty to notice it . By the Corn Intercourse Act of 1807 , which was founded on the Act of Union , all vessels laden with corn from England and Ireland , were permitted to enter the ports of the two countries respectively , as if coasters , without being subjected to the difficulties of a formal entry at the Custom-house . This provision was complied with in all the ports of this country , with the exception of Liverpool and Bristol . Of the conduct pursued at the former port he had some time since complained . His present complaint related only to the latter , and the ground of it was this : every person knew , that when a vessel was laden with corn , it was necessary , for its preservation from the water , which exuded through the side of the ship , that it should be protected by mats ; and as it was a cargo more likely than any other to shift , and thus endanger the safety of the crew and vessel , it was necessary that boards should be used to keep it steady . Now , when vessels arrived at the port of Bristol , laden with corn from Ireland , the Custom-house officers there insisted , that those mats and boards should be entered as being the produce of Russia . This was most unjust ; for no fraud could possibly be intended . Those mats and boards were much cheaper here than in Ireland ; and if any person thought proper to export them from that country , it would be at their own certain loss . He had received a representation from a respectable gentleman on the subject , and trusted that such an infraction '' of the spirit of the Corn Intercourse Act would no longer be permitted . said , that no application had been made either to the board of Customs or the Treasury , on the subject . If the circumstance had been stated to him , he would have apprised the Treasury of it , where , he was sure , no well-founded-complaint ever went unredressed . He would , however , immediately inquire into the circumstances . Certainly , the Custom-house officers at Bristol could have no wilful intention to infringe a law so , 753 beneficial to both countries . They might have conceived that some smuggling was intended , and perhaps the act to which the right hon . baronet referred , might stand in need of some amendment . again observed , that he preferred mentioning the business publicly , than having recourse to a private communication . rose , pursuant to notice , to call the attention of the House to the present state and condition of the Royal Marine Corps . He said , he felt so convinced that the claims of this deserving body of men wanted nothing but inquiry to make their justice and validity generally acknowledged , that he was only anxious that the inquiry might be promptly entered upon , and actively followed up , and should be more than satisfied if his motion should have even incidentally so favourable a result . The immediate object of his motion was the production of certain papers , and if he could prevail upon the House to grant those papers , it was his ultimate intention to found upon them a further motion for an Address to the Prince Regent , that he would be graciously pleased to take the present state of the Royal Marine Corps into his consideration . He was at the same time willing to avow , that should he receive from the First Lord of the Admiralty , any satisfactory declaration of his intentions to remedy what appeared to him to be serious grievances , he could have no objection to withdraw his motion .