of great consideration in the peninsula , had told the House that he was friendly to the Catholic claims ; and that concession to the Catholics ought to be speedily made . They were told , however , by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that he could not foresee a time when this could be done with safety . A noble lord ( Castlereagh , ) who had descended from the mountain ( alluding to the seat on which lord Castlereagh had recently sat ) to be a tower of strength to ministers , but who was probably only on trial yet ( for his indentures were not signed , and he might be off his bargain ) had frequently told them the impolicy of coming to a final determination upon an indefinite question . As the noble lord knew the Catholic question was again coming before the House , the country ought to be apprised how that noble lord meant to conduct himself ; and yet the House were nearly going to divide without knowing from him how he was to act ! He , who was the sole argument why they were now going into a committee on the State of the Nation , was to be allowed to leave the House that night without telling 1020 them upon what terms he accepted of office ! Did he mean to vote for the Catholic claims ? Did he not know that his right hon . friend had power to oppose him , and to oppose him successfully , if he was favourable to the Catholics ? It was delusion then , in him , to tell the Catholics that he was free to take whatever line on this subject he might approve of , while he knew that the person on his right hand ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) had entered into an undertaking sealed by power to frustrate all his attempts . That right hon . gentleman , of whom he could not suppose any thing so base and mean as to give up a question which he considered vital to the state , for the sake of an accession to his administration , could not now surely reduce himself to a single individual , and content himself with a vote in the cabinet . How a man with such opinions therefore could ever put pen to paper , and solicit such men as lord Grey or lord Grenville to join him—was what he was really astonished at . Such a junction if made could not have benefited the country . No man who valued his character could have acceded to it under the present circumstances . They had been told of the inconvenience of going into a State of the Nation , and that it was uncalled for at present . If there were no other reasons for going into a committee on the State of the Nation , than the situation to be filled by the noble lord , and the dangerous state of Ireland , they were surely sufficient . No doubt this would be inconvenient to ministers . So every ministry had uniformly said , for the last fifty years , in answer to similar motions ; and so long as they had power they never consented to them . The state of the nation , however , was really most alarming ; and the House had always , when difficulties were such as they were at present , thought it advisable to go into a committee.— '' Why , '' said an hon . gent . in the early part of the debate , `` why will you harass the minister ? '' It was his duty not to harass the minister , but to give such a vote as he considered for the good of his country ; but harassed he must be , and greatly harassed at present . He must be harassed by the falling off of friends who had deserted him in his utmost need , and obliged him to take up with any person who could make up any thing like an administration .