his present motion , which he understood was not likely to meet with opposition from any part of the House . The Bill now in existence would expire on the 5th of February . It would ill become him to say that he did not intend this as a permanent measure , and it would also ill become the House after what had already passed . He should , therefore , without further preface , move for leave to bring in a Bill to prohibit the granting of Offices in Reversion , or for joint lives , with benefit of survivorship.—Leave was accordingly given . rose to state the insuperable objections he felt to this new arrangement . After all the discussion the question had undergone , the House must be aware of the real nature and complexion of the measure then before them , and they ought not and would not lose sight of this fact , that they were dealing with a Bill to raise 70,000l . additional from the people . That circumstance , of itself , was sufficient to make them pause and demand inquiry . Several of his hon . friends had , in consequence , called for investigation on various points ; and , in answer to their demands , the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and his hon . and learned friend the Chancellor of the Duchy of Cornwall , had given what they termed explanations , but what he conceived the House had no right to receive as arguments sufficient to warrant them in supporting this money Bill . This want of explanation was one great cause to prevent the House from entertaining the measure . But the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , in answer to the inquiries of his hon . friends , observed , `` that this was a Bill to regulate his Majesty 's Household , and it was futile to answer it , by pointing out the grants made to sir Sidney Smith and a few others . Let the Bill stand on its own ground , and 382 make those inquiries hereafter . '' Now he ( Mr. Brougham ) would strenuously maintain this proposition , that the two objects of inquiry into the accounts , and passing this Bill , were inseparably connected , and if inquiry was not instituted , the Bill ought not to pass . The bare fact , that a new Civil List was about to be arranged , was sufficient to support him in this proposition , that parliament ought not now to do that which it had never before done , to grant a sum of 70,000l . per annum , and to recognise and sanction an annual excess of 124,000l . nay , of 9,000l . more than that , without a strict and detailed enquiry . Cursory explanations and elaborate speeches , however pleasant to individuals , did not afford a parliamentary ground of proceeding . To use the words of a right hon . gentleman , it was no more than the language of party , and the House must have evidence before it . What was the conduct pursued in the year 1804 , when a grant of only 60,000l . was asked ? The House had then no less than three Select Committees , who , after a laborous investigation , reported to the House the necessity which occasioned the application . That was an accurate and parliamentary proceeding—a proceeding adopted by Mr. Pitt and lord Sidmouth—who , though they were able to descant , as well as the ministers of the present day , on the general necessity of providing for the royal family , and could expatiate on the high price of provisions , and the depreciation of Banknotes , yet knew the duty they owed their country too well to call on the House to grant money on their speeches and representations . They did not depend on fine turned periods , in matters of mere arithmetic and calculation : no , they sent the matter to be investigated by a Committee . There