principle of the Catholic claims , and of explaining every circumstance in which he was considered personally implicated in the question , it would not be necessary to detain the House long upon those points . He had at different times distinctly stated , that there had been no promise given to the Catholics ; but that he had always considered , and had never hesitated to express the opinion , that he thought , that in a statesman-like view of the question , the measure of the Union would be incomplete without some concessions to the Catholics , and that their claims were likely to meet with fewer obstacles in a parliament of the empire , than in a parliament such as the Irish parliament was at that lime ; but he had never supposed , that such claims could be granted without some arrangement being devised , which would be satisfactory to the feelings of the Protestants as well as Catholics . Although he agreed in the general principle laid down by the noble lord , it appeared to him , that he had not sufficiently weighed the difficulties which were in the way . It appeared to him , that there was nothing more likely to injure the cause of the Catholics , to run down their character , or to give spirits to the common enemy from the hope of internal disunion , than the vague and indistinct manner in which this question had been brought before parliament year after year . He deprecated , also , those vague epithets and accusations , by which those who were of one side were charged with intolerance , and those on the other of indifference about the security of the constitution . He wished the real difficulties of the case to be fairly sounded : and when the question should be divested of all the difficulties which did not properly belong to it , he then wished that the principle of the claim should have fair play . In that case it would be for the deliberate wisdom of parliament to determine , whether concessions made to the Catholics might not be made perfectly reconcileable to the securit of the constitution and our establishments . He hoped that there would never be any indisposition in the Catholic mind to submit their claims fairly to the deliberate wisdom of parliament ; and whatever might be the decision , to unite themselves heartily with the rest of their countrymen in opposing the common enemy.—The subject of the Catholic claims had usually been considered in three different points of view . There was 637 one class who considered it as a question of strict right , and as such , thought that it ought not to be coupled with any other considerations . There was a second class ( to which he belonged ) that were favourable to the granting those claims , but who thought that the concession should be coupled with guards to the constitution more effectual than the present restrictions . The third class , who appeared not to have looked so deeply into the question , professed a determined resistance to the claims . He never , however , heard any class say , that the claims ought never to be conceded under any circumstances ; and he thought the right hon . and learned gentleman ( sir John Nicholl ) had been misunderstood upon this point . He had not mentioned a final decision as extending to all times , but only as applying to the indefinite grounds upon which the motion rested . As to those who contended for the measure , as a measure of strict right , he thought that it was unfortunate for them that the decision of parliament was not had on that particular point . The feelings of the Catholics now appeared to be , to turn their backs upon every thing in the shape of regulation ; but if the bare claim of right had been left to the decision of parliament , they would have found , from the very small number of supporters it would meet with