all persons who had infringed them , however high their rank , —in this state of things , said his lordship , `` the number of the discontented may be great , the ranks of the disloyal may be numerous , but Ireland is safe . '' entertained all due deference to the opinions just delivered , but the chief impression they had left upon his mind was , that the noble earl had not condescended to pay attention to the able and comprehensive speech of the noble mover ; and scarcely a sentence uttered had been in answer to it . The noble earl had stated a most extraordinary hypothesis with regard to the recent conduct of the Catholics , which could scarcely be seconded by any person who had remarked the late proceedings of that body . He had also passed a warm eulogium on the character of a noble duke with whom he was connected in bonds of relationship and friendship , at the head of the Irish government , and for whom he entertained unfeigned esteem ; but in contemplating a question of the importance now under discussion , he felt it necessary to separate his private from his public conduct : and although the noble duke might have been misled , he was convinced that he had never acted with wilful injustice . In the sister kingdom was exemplified this strange anomaly , that while the majority of the people over whom authority was exercised was of the Roman Catholic persuasion , the government itself was Protestant , and while four-fifths of the population were excluded from their most important privileges , one fifth only engrossed every , office of honour and emolument in church and state . The applications to parliament on this subject had been numerous , and the disappointments as frequent , arising from various causes , but chiefly from the intolerant spirit exhibited by the British government , which if now overcome would contribute more than any other measure that could possibly be devised to the tranquillity and pros- 417 perity of Ireland . What had been the conduct of ministers ? They had heaped upon the suffering people the grossest insults , which were returned only by forbearance and loyalty . It had been said during the debate that the Catholic inhabitants were not only disposed to , but had been guilty of the most disorderly conduct . Was this a correct statement , or , rather , was not the direct converse of the proposition true ? Or , supposing that the assertion were well founded , was it a matter of small importance to conciliate the affections and procure the support of four millions of people by a performance of what was in reality an act of strict justice ? It might be urged , if the House condescended to notice so humble an individual as himself , that during that time he had the honour of holding the reins of government these claims had not been allowed . It was true , and many cogent reasons might be stated , and it would be acknowledged on all sides , that the late administration laboured under many difficulties in this respect which it was not now necessary to detail . While , however , he resided at Dublin castle , he had proposed a plan of conciliation , which he was happy to find had been followed by his successor , with the most beneficial results . The Protestants of Ireland had considerably impeded the progress of emancipation : he did not mean to implicate in this heavy charge the whole of the establishment , but only , that part which arrogated to itself exclusively the title of friends to their king , their country , and the constitution , who called themselves the heads and leaders of the Protestant party in that island . They , indeed , claimed these distinctions ; but from experience he could affirm , that in morality , in loyalty , in patriotism , and in fidelity , the Catholics could not be exceeded . The only distinction was , that the