, there be granted to his Majesty , out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain , for that period , the additional yearly sum of 70,000l . 2 . `` That it is expedient that provision be made for defraying the expences incident to the assumption of the personal exercise of the royal authority by his royal highness the Prince Regent , in the name and on the behalf of his Majesty . '' rose and said : —Sir , the 161 plan of the right hon . gent . appears to me to contain more matter of complexity than has ever been stated in parliament ; and that , too , on a subject which might have been reduced to great simplicity . The first consideration is , what is the amount of the expence demanded from parliament , by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , on this occasion ; and , secondly , what is the ground and necessity for that expence ? In considering the subject , I must reverse the order which he has pursued , and apply myself to the latter part of his statement , in the first instance . He has there told us , that the Civil List is not adequate to meet those circumstances , for the support of which it is voted by parliament , and that , if We do not enlarge it , a permanent expence must be occasioned . That may be true ; but as neither I , nor the House , are aware of the reason by which this effect is created , I can not , with propriety , come to the conclusion drawn by the right hon . gent . Before parliament extends the amount of the Civil List , I consider it but just that proof should be adduced to shew that it is insufficient . The mere statement of the right hon . gent. , that a deficiency had taken place in the Civil List department , is not enough to authorize the House in granting his request , when he asks for an additional , sum . It is the duty of parliament to inquire , and know how the excess of expenditure has been occasioned—whether by negligence or extravagance—and whether the evil can be remedied without application to the legislature ? In Short , it should be made perfectly clear , that the assistance demanded is absolutely-necessary . The right hon . gent . has stated other branches of service connected with the Civil List , which , he thinks , in the existing state of things , must be increased ; because the present circumstances will cause an increased expense . I protest , Sir , it strikes my mind , that the most simple and obvious method to have adopted would have been to lay the business fully before parliament , and to have said , `` You have annually voted a certain sum for the due maintenance of the dignity of the Crown , and to defray the expence of his Majesty 's government . By the law , as it exists at present , you have made an alteration as to the appropriation of part of the property so voted . By the expiration of the Restrictions , the Civil List is likely to be tranferred to him who acts for and on behalf of the individual 162 who wears the crown—the splendour of the crown is provided for by the vote of parliament , and the person who wears it should also be considered—give , therefore , to him who exercises the royal functions , all that has been heretofore considered necessary for the splendour and dignity of the crown , and leave to the heir apparent to decide on what is proper for the dignity and comfort of his Majesty . '' I think the exact state of the Civil List should be laid before the House , that we may be enabled to judge whether it is more than adequate to the expenditure of the royal family under the present circumstances—whether it is only equal to it , or whether it