was still intended to keep from them that information he felt it his duty to call for . It had been stated by a right hon . gentleman ( and wisely stated ) that this country , actuated by a sincere desire to conciliate America , could bear more from her than from any other power . If this were wisely said in the first instance , surely it must follow , that it would be wise to act with a greater disposition to conciliate the government of America , than to conciliate the more ancient governments by exhibiting towards that country the strictest and most punctilious attention to decorum : The reasons which recommended such a line of policy were obvious ; but , so far from such a principle having been acted upon by his Majesty 's government , their conduct had been marked ( as he could show from the papers he required ) by the greatest inattention to the American envoy , by neglect , amounting to little less than diplomatic incivility , while the conduct of our ministers in America , since the recall of Mr. Erskine , had been in a corresponding degree inconciliatory . But all the means of showing this were to be refused him ; and he was the more surprized at this refusal in the present case , as the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Canning ) , who was the colleague of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , at the time the Orders in Council—those 'celebrated ' or 'famous ' Orders in Council ( they might take which term they pleased ) , were framed , though not in the habit of voting with him ( Mr. Whitbread ) , or with that side of the House on which he usually sat , had never refused papers called for , when a was proved that they 765 had been previously printed by order of the American government . That right hon . gentleman presumed then , as he ( Mr. W. ) presumed now , that it would be to insult that House , to refuse that information which was before every body else , and therefore never gave opposition to such a motion . The papers before the House at present came down to the end of Mr. Erskine 's mission . To that gentleman had succeeded as ambassador to America Mr. Jackson , who had not carried on the negociations between the two countries in such a manner as to conciliate America . So far from it , after he had been there a short time an open rupture broke out , and the recall of that minister was the consequence . He would not now move for the correspondence betweeen Mr. Jackson and the American government , as that business was gone by , and he had no wish to revive it , as to recall it to the memory of the world could do no good . To Mr. Jackson , after a long interval , succeeded Mr. Foster . The mission of Mr. Foster had commenced in auspiciously , and in prosecuting it , he had not given things an auspicious turn ; and it had at length terminated most unfortunately for both countries . He felt himself compelled to say that neither the instructions nor the conduct of Mr. Foster bore the appearance or had the effect long desired ; that of conciliating America . There was another correspondence of which he had to Speak , he meant the correspondence between the marquis of Wellesley and Mr. Pinckney . That correspondence had commenced in January 1809 , and terminated in February last year , on Mr. Pinckney 's quitting the country . Of Mr. Pinckney he hardly need say any thing ; he was a ma * of sound sense and strict integrity , and had uniformly appeared to be actuated by a sincere desire to conciliate the government of this country . Without losing sight of those interests which were intrusted to him by his country , he had always approached ministers with due diplomatic deference ,