a member of parliament , was unacquainted with such motives , he could only say that he was very sorry for it . The question was then put and carried , and the following members were named to form the Committee ; Mr. Secretary Ryder , Sir C. Price , Sir James Shaw , Sir William Curtis , Mr. Alderman Combe , Mr. Byng , Mr. Mellish , Sir F. Burdett , Lord 222 Cochrane , Sir . T. Turton , Mr. H. Thornton . Mr. Tierney , Lord Lowther , Mr. Leycester , Mr. Sheridan , Mr. Abercromby , col. Wood , Mr. Sturges Bourne , Mr. Hall , Mr. Robinson , Mr. Frankland . acquainted the House it was with extreme reluctance he had again to postpone the pending discussion of the important subject of the Catholics of Ireland . With the cause he believed all their lordships were acquainted , namely , the severe domestic affliction [ the death of the son of lord G. Cavendish ] which recently occurred in a family , with which his noble friend , who was to bring forward the motion , was nearly connected , and in which affliction he deeply participated . It was proposed to defer the discussion for a week , and no longer . His lordship then moved to discharge the order for summoning their lordships ' for Friday the 24th inst . and to renew the same for Friday the 31st inst . which was ordered accordingly . observed , that from an examination of the estimate laid before the House , of the annual charge upon the Civil List revenues , framed in 1804 , and the accounts of the disbursements for the seven following years , certain productions appeared to him to be necessary , before he could consent to give his vote for the second reading of this bill . It was impossible to understand from the papers which had been already produced , what arrangement it was necessary to make , or whether the sums which they should grant might exceed or fall short of what the occasion demanded . From these papers it appeared that the expenditure of the Civil List exceeded the revenue by upwards of . 124,000l . annually ; so that it was not fair to state the Civil List at 223 979,000l . per year , when the real sum expended was greater by 124,000l . Whether this additional expence was really necessary , it was impossible to say , without the production of more documents ; for all that could be learned from those already produced , was the actual excess , and the particular classes on which that excess had arisen . But this was not enough to enable the House to act in the manner which they were called on to do , because it did not allow them to see whether the excess was justifiable , or could admit of reduction ; and he should wish to have a Committee appointed for the purpose of inquiring into the actual state of the Civil List . This was certainly the first time that an addition had been demanded to the Civil List , without the appointment of a Committee to inquire into the subject , and without the production of more papers than had been thought fit to be laid before them on the present occasion ; but whether the course he recommended was or was not justified by precedent , he was certain that it was at all events the most rational and convenient . In what he was about to move for , he professed he was actuated by no wish to embarrass or retard ministers in carrying this business through the House ; but before the second reading of the bill took place , he could wish that the few papers he intended to move for before sitting down , should be some time before the House , that they might come to the discussion with every requisite information . To satisfy the House that these additional papers were necessary materials for the consideration of the present question , it