to reflect oh the conduct of lord Wellington or his troops . With regard to Spain , it was certainly most undeniably true , notwithstanding all that had that night been urged on the subject by the right hon . gent : that the enemy were in reality in the military possession of Spain . Was it becoming then in the House to state in their Address to the Regent , that the affairs of Spain wore a better aspect than they did in the former year , or to tell him that the situation of Spain was In any way improved by our defence of Portugal ? The situation of Spain was , indeed , now in a very different situation from what it had been in the former year . Since that time fortresses and armies bad been lost ; and though many opportunities occurred when assistance on our part could have been given at various points where it would have been effectual , no such assistance was ever given , and the opportunities were uniformly allowed to pass by unimproved . But , what were the opinions of the Spaniards themselves , who certainly were the best judges of the assistance derived by them from the British arms ? They had told us that the defence of Portugal was not the defence of Spain ; and that that was the Spanish feeling on the subject , was evident from every thing that had come to our knowledge.—With regard to America , he rejoiced to see that at last there was some prospect opening of an accommodation with that country . Still however the question recurred—had ministers done every thing to conciliate that country ; or had they not rather done every thing which it was possible for them to do , to provoke and exasperate the Americans ? And with regard to that subject , it was certainly most becoming for the House to express the feelings which such a system of misconduct ought to excite , to the Prince Regent.—He would now proceed to consider what had been said with respect to the state and condition of Ireland ; and after what had been done to provoke and exasperate the people of Ireland , he conceived that he should be disgraced in the opinion of every thinking man , con- 72 nected as he Was with that country , if he did not express his strong disapprobation of that part of the Address . After the measures which had been adopted , calculated only to disaffect and alienate the affections of the Irish people , it was indeed rather astonishing that any such word as satisfaction should be employed in reference to the situation of Ireland . By these measures , however , they had sufficiently proved that the Irish were united against them . They had hitherto been most disgracefully managed by their own disunion and disagreement ; but the policy of ministers had at length shewn to Britain , that Irishmen of every description were united in holding it in detestation . So far , therefore , were they from having succeeded in their plans respecting Ireland , that there was not one part of Ireland , he believed , which had not expressed its strong disapprobation , and that was not beginning to perceive that a union of all could alone protect them from the grasp of an insatiable enemy , from the oppression and tyranny of false and wicked ministers . explained , that he had been misapprehended in the expression he had employed , that the British army in Portugal was stronger at this time by 10,000 men than it was at the same period last year . He did not intend to be understood , that reinforcements to the extent of 10,000 men , had been sent out , but that on a calculation of the whole force , the augmentation was to that amount . , at the request of his noble friend ( earl Fitzwilliam ) who had given notice of a motion respecting the state of Ireland , for tomorrow se'nnight , moved to discharge the order