proposition just suggested , destroy at one blow their whole inquisitorial power . Admit it now , and it would be used hereafter as a precedent to check all inquiries into criminal abuses . observed , that a magistrate might possibly be qualified at the taking of his office , and a list of such qualification might easily be furnished by the regular officer appointed for such purposes ; but if he had changed his original qualification , the nature of that which he at present held could be obtained only from himself : and such inquiry , according to the present order , might lead him to criminate himself . As to the point of evidence insisted on by the last speaker , he conceived that the House might very possibly be disposed to allow an extract of its proceedings to be taken ; and such extract would , undoubtedly , be received as evidence against a person in any court of law in the kingdom . said he could not comprehend how the House could come at the qualification , unless the order stood as it was originally made . It appeared that a measure of great importance , namely , the qualification of magistrates , had been passed into a law ; and now when it came to be inquired into , it was alleged , that if application was made to the clerks , they could not give the necessary information as to the exact situation of these qualifications . It was , therefore , incumbent on the House to ascertain this point according to the enactment of the law ; and it appeared to him that that could only be done by suffering the order to stand as originally made . said , that the order as it stood must be productive of great inconvenience , without a possibility of coming at the truth . Police magistrates might have been duly qualified , and have given in a particular place , where that qualification lay at the time they became magistrates ; and yet having parted with that property , there was no way of coming at the fact where their qualification now lay , but by compelling them to ascertain it . This did not apply to police magistrates alone , but to every justice of peace in the kingdom . thought it would be easy to modify the matter effectually by an amendment of the present motion , in only adding a few words so as to reach that qualification under which the magistrate began to act . He was sure the House would ever be slow to exercise its inquisitorial power ; but so far as this went he thought it might very fairly be done . objected to the adjournment , as he had given two days notice , and had also sent a private intimation of his intention , and of the purport of his motion to the hon . baronet who had originally brought forward the subject . said , the right hon . gentleman gave his notice only on Monday evening , when almost all the members had left the House . For his own part , he knew nothing of it till he saw the notice yesterday afternoon , just before he came into the House . He should therefore vote for the adjournment of the debate to Friday . said , that the subject had been already exhausted , and that he did not rise to enforce what had been already said , but to explain the nature and grounds of his opposition to the Bill . It proceeded all along upon the violation of a great constitutional principle . The first duty of the Commons House of parliament was to stand between the people and the imposition of undue and oppressive burdens . In the present times , it was unfortunately but too often the duty of that House to impose heavy burdens upon the people , but it was their paramount duty , before they did so , to make themselves satisfied of that necessity , by previous and industrious investigation . If this