of importance ; for it was in that particular part , * See Vol . 19 , p.424 105 attempted to be shewn that the defalcation had been occasioned by temporary causes . The deduction appeared to have been made on the 14th of June , and the evidence on which it was founded was adduced on the 1st of July ! He could not avoid ' expressing his surprise , that the Report should have been made up at a period , when many of the members of the Committee had left town . He hoped `` his would not again occur , because it was not right that such a composition should be sent forth to the public , purporting to be the Report of the Committee . Having stated thus much , he would now move , `` That the several Accounts and Papers presented to the House in the last session of parliament relating to the Public Income and Expenditure of Ireland , be referred to a Select Committee ; and that they be directed to enquire and report to the House , what has been , during the last 21 years , ended the 5th of January 1812 , the increase and redemption of the public funded debt of Ireland , and what was the state and amount thereof on the said day ; what has been the progress of the permanent revenue of Ireland during the same period , and what may be the expected future annual produce of the taxes now existing in that country ; what has been the total expenditure of Ireland in each year of the same period , distinguishing the amount expended on account of the joint expenditure of Great Britain and Ireland , or which may appear to be still due on that account ; and what was the amount of the unfunded debt and demands outstanding and unprovided for in Ireland on the 5th of January 1812 : And likewise to take into their consideration the accounts relating to the trade and navigation of Ireland during the same period , and report the same to the House , together with their observations upon the whole of the matters referred to them : '' said , it would be necessary that some of the documents connected with the motion should be brought down to the latest possible date , and not , as they at present stood , to January 1811 . He could assure the right hon baronet , that he never had the smallest intention of depriving him of the fame and glory of originating this measure . He should be very sorry to think that the fame of the right hon . baronet stood on so slight a foundation , as to be affected by such a circumstance . He certainly remembered the occurrence ; but , as it did 106 not make a very strong impression on his mind , perhaps the recollection of the right hon . baronet was more accurate . There had been a distinct and specific motion on the Finance of Ireland , and it appeared to him and others , as he stated at the time , that it would be better to have an inquiry on the subject , before a discussion was entered into . If he did not forget , he in his speech on the occasion , gave a notice on that very point . But , the moment the Resolutions were disposed of , the right hon . baronet , attacking his fame and glory , took the matter out of his hands , and immediately made a motion of that very description to which he had alluded in his speech . It was then negatived , and , being renewed on a future day , was acceded to . But it had not been taken up in consequence of any thing which fell from the right hon . baronet ; for notice of such an intention had been given before he made his motion . If the right hon . baronet felt it right to step out of the way to make the