. Many of the cases figured by the noble lord , now no longer existed ; and the expences of the proceedings in ecclesiastical courts were not such as he supposed . The points which ecclesiastical courts were called on to decide , however , were not so limited as the noble lord supposed . It was their duty to decide on the matrimonial and testamentary law ; on tythes , and on many other of the civil rights of mankind . He 306 should not say that such jurisdiction ought to be conferred on the consistorial courts ; but of this he was certain ; that for centuries they had enjoyed such a jurisdiction ; and that this being the case , that House would not wish , without mature deliberation , to interfere with , far less to overturn them . Our laws , made in barbarous times , and founded on feudal principles , had been improved as we advanced in civilization . So also had our ecclesiastical law been improved , and under the guidance of our courts of common law had approximated to the changes in the situation of the country . It was said , however , that our inferior ecclesiastical jurisdictions had acted improperly in many respects , and for those improper acts they were now , on the complaint of the noble lord , called on to hold up their hand before the bar of the country.—The noble lord had evidently been assisted in drawing up the cases which he had submitted to the House , and he was sorry to say that the information that he appeared to have received , was extremely defective . Out of the multitude of courts that possessed an ecclesiastical jurisdiction , and from the whole extent of its exercise , the noble lord had been able to select only seven instances of what he called abuse or oppression . He had also greatly erred in terming those causes they were in point of fact merely suits , the ordinary and regular process appointed for all those who claimed legal redress for an illegal wrong . The exchequer court , no more than the ecclesiastical courts , Could get rid of the duty of granting this process , or shut their doors against any individual who sought his remedy in the usual forms . Two of the cases adduced by the noble mover respected church rates , but the obligation was the same on the subject in this point , as in the instance of poor-rates . It was equally a just and legal debt in both cases . If in issuing a citation , the person supposed to be the wrong doer , did not chuse to appear , he certainly aggravated his offence , and if appearing to the citation , he should make a dishonest defence , he again added to the causes of his own hardship and suffering . As to the subject of defamation , this was , he felt it right to intimate to the noble lord , the only part of ecclesiastical jurisdiction which he had adverted to , that was connected with the doctrine de salute animœ . The noble lord , indeed seemed to have been been instructed very imperfectly , and he believed 307 he was right in saying that his instructor had been a proctor of no great eminence or practice , and whose talents and acquirements , perhaps , did not entitle him to more than he enjoyed . He entertained no doubt of the noble lord 's fair intention , but he certainly on this occasion had undertaken to sail under inauspicious convoy.—The peculiar circumstances of this case had been asserted to be extremely severe ; but was it not an important consideration , whether or no the characters and reputation of women should be insulted and reviled with impunity , and no protection be afforded by the law ? Could any man of ordinary feelings endure that his mother , wife or sister , should be publicly and indecently branded with terms of opprobrium ? It was no sufficient justification on any