would speedily be brought before their lordships , which would bring all its important relations under review . With these observations he could be content to reserve himself for future opportunities , but for one singular assertion of the noble lord , that he trusted that the House , and the public , would concur in supporting the government of the Prince Regent , in pursuance of the sentiments contained in the address . Was it to be conceived , that in opposing measures of administration which he thought were fraught with danger and ruin , he was withholding that support which was necessary to the Prince Regent in his conduct of the government of this kingdom ? No ! Re the ministers whom they might , he would give them his support in what was just and necessary for the conduct of the government ; but , if impolitic , unjust , and ruinous measures were proposed or acted upon , his duty to that House , to the public , and to the Prince Regent himself , would certainly induce him to raise his voice as loudly as he could against them . He said this more especially , because it was not possible for him , though he did not oppose the present address , to recede from the opinions which he had previously delivered on many subjects of the greatest and most essential interest to the nation . adverted to the state of Ireland , and the question relative to the Catholics . There was now an opportunity to do what would be beneficial with a good grace . He thought that the late exemplary conduct of the Catholics of Ireland , under circumstances of great irritation , ought to make its due impression on their lordships ' minds . He recommended them to beware , lest they might lose the only opportunity that might be afforded them . adverted to what had been said respecting the avoidance of topics not mentioned in the speech . He had been in parliament thirty years , and he knew that it was a parliamentary practice to submit amendments , not merely on points of the speech , but on such as were omitted in it . It might be very proper and parliamentary to move an amendment to the Address , stating that the House would take immediately into its consideration the state of Ireland , in order to bring forward such measures as might be necessary and useful for that country , and the kingdom at large . He did not mean , 14 that certain recent transactions in Ireland should be the subject of such an enquiry , considering them not as of the immediate essence of the question , but rather as measures of police and regulation , which it was not necessary for government to bring forward , nor for parliament at present to take up ; particularly as such matters were in the course of coming into the courts of law , to be decided there by judges and juries . His grace did not mean to animadvert upon what was a pending question of law . But the noble secretary of state had gone a little farther . He had , if he understood him rightly , intimated , that he would raise his voice from one end of the land to the other , in support of the sentiments in the Address to the Prince Regent , pledging them to support his government . As he had defended the whole system of the ministry , his grace wished to know what this sort of call meant . Was it a call similar to that which was excited in the country some time ago , when the present ministry came into power ? They might call 'vasty spirits from the deep , ' but he hoped they would not come up : if they did come , the call would only end in destruction . said , that he had not objected to the propriety of moving an amendment on points omitted . The noble duke had misunderstood him . When he