it was essential that it should be held , by allowing it to be supposed that they so far countenanced mass , as to put it on a level with the established religion of the country—allowing it to be regarded as a matter of indifference whether persons went to the church , to mass , or to the synagogue . He hoped the House would stop short of this . If they did not , they might have an established church , but they would have an indifferent and divided people ; and if so , they would not long have an established church . Union , he contended , was of the essence of our religion . On the protection of our church he was satisfied , in a great measure , depended the welfare of the state . The more the one was encroached on , the less dependence could be placed on the solidity of the other . He must therefore oppose the motion of the noble earl , for the House going into a Committee . said , the present question ought to be considered on the broad ground of justice and policy . The Catholics had reason to expect , that after the Union they would obtain the privileges which were so long disputed ; if it was not for that conviction , he understood that they would not have given their support to the measure ; and if this was the case , had they not a strong claim of justice upon their part ? If no mischief was likely to arise from granting their request , what objection could be stated against it ? Where were the dreadful consequences which some persons seemed to anticipate , from allowing them the right to sit and vote in parliament ? If he stated the number of peers at ten or twelve , he supposed it would be the outside ; and supposing in the House of Commons , that one half of the Irish members were to be returned by that body , what mischief could arise from the admission of 50 Catholic members among a body consisting of nearly 700 ? He had always remarked , that on every question that related to the Roman Catholics , the great majority of the members at present returned by that country voted as they would have done if 429 they were Catholics ; so that the evil to be apprehended from a number of Catholic members voting in the same way with a similar number of Protestant members , was of a nature altogether incomprehensible to him . He did not see in what manner they could be supposed to destroy the constitution . God forbid that the constituation should stand on such a ground as to be so easily and so unaccountably shaken . But supposing them to arrive at the high offices of state , still he could see no danger . Was it natural to suppose , that the illustrious person now entrusted with the government of the country , would appoint such Catholics to those offices as were likely to overturn the government , any more than he would appoint Protestants of a similar description ? Again : to look to the case of the magistrates and sheriffs : the sheriff was appointed by the crown , and of course was affected by a similar security . The magistrate was recommended by persons high in influence and respectability , and in this case as in the others , there was no chance of a preference in favour of disaffected principles . If , therefore , no harm was likely to happen from granting this boon to the Roman Catholics of Ireland , why should they refuse it ? They had heard a great deal that night of the benefits which were already conferred upon the lower orders , and they had heard that the present claims would affect the higher exclusively , but this appeared to him a most superficial argument . The lower classes were only guided by persons of better education , and if this measure was granted , they