the motion . said he did not more for the papers from an idea that they contained any thing of importance , but merely for the purpose of grounding a Resolution upon them . said , that it was not because his motion would be confined to the mere case of the Petitioner , that he had requested the Petition they had just heard to be read , but in order to open to the consideration of the House the nature and intent of the abuses to which he now rose to call their attention . When he first read the Petitioner 's statement of the difficulties and grievous hardships to which she had been exposed , he did not think that they made a fit case to bring before parliament ; because he could not believe it possible , that the laws of the country were inadequate to the remedy of evils so oppressive and unjust . When , however , upon further enquiry , he found that there was actually no remedy whatever , he was induced to examine into the nature , origin , and general history of the Ecclesiastical Jurisdictions , and the result of that enquiry impressed him with a conviction of the necessity of parliamentary interposition to rescue the subject from their unconstitutional and exorbitant power . It was because he thus found that abuses existed in the Ecclesiastical Courts , which had elsewhere no remedy , that he was induced to extend his motion beyond the particular case of the petitioner ; and lest the 296 House should think that he did not submit sufficient reasons for this extension of it , he begged to state the origin and history of Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in this country , and its state at present . In tracing the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction to its origin , the noble lord did not think it necessary to go higher than the time immediately preceding the Conquest . At that early period of our history , the ecclesiastical and temporal power went hand in hand . The bishops and barons sat in the same hundreds and councils together . William the conqueror , however , no sooner had the power , than he separated the spiritual and temporal jurisdictions from one another . Whether that monarch thus acted from the love of adopting the fashions of his own country , as mentioned in the old chronicles of Henry the first , or whether he wished to get rid of the Trial by Jury , that valuable remnant of gothic jurisprudence , he would not attempt to decide ; but certain it was , that the first difference between the spiritual and temporal jurisdiction was established by William the first . It was he who laid the foundation of that power which afterwards rose to such enormous and fearful magnitude ; and he was confident that in thus stating the origin of the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction of which he now complained , he was not enlisting the prepossessions of the House in its favour . The origin , in fact , of this separate Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction was in the effort of a successful invader of this country to put down its ancient civil institutions.—In the reign succeeding that of William the first , these courts from various causes obtained no great , additional support ; but as the clergy of those days well knew how to improve any footing they got , it must be supposed , though history did not render it apparent , that they continued to encroach and acquire strength . This appeared to be the case , as even in the vigorous reign of Henry 2 , they had become so powerful , that the archbishop of Canterbury told the king of the abridgement of his power of nomination to benefices , the Pope having taken that privilege from all laymen . After this period , followed the troubles which harrassed the land , during which the clergy were not idler and continued systematically to encroach upon the other authorities of the state . Indeed , they never failed to take advantage of all troublesome times to press