the cause of the disturbed state of Ireland , at that late hour of the night he would not go into a minute investigation of it . In his opinion , it was owing to ancient feuds and ancient jealousies ; to the mingling of two different nations speaking different languages , and having different habits ; to a double clergy ; perhaps to an oppressive state of the tythes ; but most of all ( a cause which he was surprised the noble marquis had forgotten ) to , the great proportion of absentee landlords . He was fully persuaded that the residence of great men on their estates in Ireland would do more towards rendering the population of that country tranquil and obedient to the laws , than all the motions and speeches that could be brought forward and uttered , even were they as comprehensive and as eloquent as those which had been heard and spoken that evening . That the concession of the Catholic claims would not at all affect the great mass of Catholic population in Ireland , he was persuaded ; such was the opinion of all the respectable person who 457 had served his Majesty in Ireland for many years such was also the opinion of Mr . Tone , Mr. O'Connor , and every rebel and traitor that had been apprehended in Ireland for many years . A very great change of opinion also must have taken place in the minds of the noble lords opposite , on this subject . When a right hon . gentleman , now unfortunately no more ( Mr. Fox ) , was in office , they thought that the state and temper of the times were not fit for a discussion of the Catholic claims . After the death of that right hon . gentleman , the session passed away , and no mention was made of the claims . The noble lords opposite were subsequently willing to decline bringing them forward , in order to effect the great purpose of their staying in his Majesty 's councils . If he were asked what was the cause of the general joy on the noble lords ' quitting office , he might perhaps say that it was the general sense of their inefficiency . But if the noble lords themselves were examined on the rack , they must declare , that it was the satisfaction felt at the establishment of an administration determined not to agitate a subject which the people of England thought mischievous in the extreme . In 1810 , the noble lord ( Grenville ) publicly and distinctly stated , that in his opinion the temper of the country was not fit for the agitation of the Catholic question , and the noble lord declined bringing forward that question . But it seemed that since that time , the case was completely changed . At the former period , when the Catholics were anxious on the subject , the noble lords dissuaded them from bringing it forward : but now the noble lords wished to bring it on whether the Catholics liked it or not . What alteration had taken place , to justify this change of opinion ? Had not the Catholics attempted to beard government ? Had they not attempted to beard parliament ? Had they not , in their various publications , touched on every topic of a serious and alarming nature ? There did not , however , seem to be much cordiality between the Catholics and the noble lords ; their names were never mentioned in the Dublin papers in the advertisements of the Catholic Committee . He had enquired the reason , and he had been told that the Catholics did not , wish those noble lords to make their cause the stepping-stone to power , and that they did not much like the cheeks , which even those noble lords themselves thought should remain , upon 458 them . Much had been said of the urgency of the subject . He did not wish to undervalue that urgency ; but he must , for his own part