where was the daily watch ? He would ask whether all the precautions of the nightly watch would provide a remedy against the daring highway robberies committed in the open day ? Perhaps , however , he was premature in his complaints , and that his right hon . friend had some plan in store to meet this crying evil ; but he must say that there was much more than he had stated , both in the police and in the state of Crimes , which loudly demanded the interference of that House ; the streets were infested with criminals of different deception , and there were other causes of less magnitude , which concurred to the depravation of the public morals ; he considered the encouragement of lotteries as one ; nor was the paltry gain of 500,000l . a year sufficient , to compensate for the great evils they produced . He did not means invidiously to introduce any thing like politics into , the present discussion , but he could not help thinking , that the disposal of commissionerships and other offices , operated , as an inducement with government to countenance the continuance of Lotteries , productive , as they were , of incalculable mischief . There were other means of moral improvement , such as the instruction of the poor , which has would not now enlarge upon , but would sit down with expressing his hope that the motion of his right hon . friend would be with drawn , and submitted in a much more comprehensive form . could not refrain front making a few observations on the , present important subject , although he could not hope to add any weight to the arguments so ably urged by his hon . and learned friend . He regretted , however , that his hon . and learned friend had sat down , without proposing an amendment , for the 203 purpose of extending the objects to which the Committee were to direct their attention , and he trusted that such an amendment would yet be proposed . There were one or two circumstances which proved the absolute necessity of such an extension of object . In the first place , if the House attended to the nature of those most horrible and barbarous outrages which for two months had kept the metropolis in a state of perpetual alarm , and more particularly the atrocious murder of Mr. Marr 's family , ( the authors of which had never yet been discovered , ) it would be evident , that had the nightly watch of the metropolis been in the best possible state , those outrages and that murder could not have been prevented . They originated in a set of villains about the town , whose existence was not imputable to any deficiency in the nightly watch . In the second place , if the nightly watch could operate upon them , of what nature would be that operation ? Unless some change could be produced in the disposition of those villains , the only effect that could by possibility be occasioned would be to drive them out of the metropolis into the environs . The surrounding villages would be deluged with depredators , against whom they would have no protection . He confessed that he had long been extremely scandalized ( if he might use that term ) by the number of accounts which had reached him of the familiarity that existed between the officers of the police and the disturbers of the public peace . This familiar intercourse was a matter of general notoriety , and surely it must , in a variety of ways , have a most deteriorating effect on the public morals . It must operate on the thieves themselves , who could not consider themselves so sufficiently as they might , the objects of public detestation , when they knew they could sit and enjoy themselves in their favourite public-houses until some one should be called out whose measure of guilt was full . It must also operate on the officers of the police themselves ,