of the monopoly . He should , therefore , propose the postponement of the second reading till to-morrow se'nnight . stated , that the object of the present Bill merely was to extend the time and enlarge the powers for carrying the design of the former Bill into effect . This was its principle , and he saw no reason for the delay proposed by his noble friend . It was of great importance to those concerned , that if the Bill was to pass at all , it should pass speedily . If long delays were allowed , the Bill might be got rid of by a side wind . If his noble friend objected to any of the details of the Bill , the committee was the proper place in which to state them When the Bill should be amended in the committee , some time might be permitted to elapse between the commitment and the third reading . said , that the osten- 1076 sible intent of the Bill certainly was to carry into effect the provisions of the former Bill ; but he rather thought it would be found , that the enactment went beyond that ; and as the second reading had been generally understood to be the proper stage in which to discuss the principle of any measure , he should persist in his motion for delay . opposed this also , and contended that the committal at least ought to be fixed for a more distant day . There was no good reason for hurrying the Bill in this manner through the House . The session was not so far advanced that the loss of the Bill could be seriously dreaded merely from a delay of a few days . Lord Erskine opposed the delay , and lord Redesdale supported it , observing that there were certainly some provisions in it that required consideration . After a few words from the Lord Chancellor , stating that he had approved the second reading now , because the amendments , if any were required , might be made in the committee , it was agreed that the Bill should be committed on Thursday . moved for the appointment of a committee , to inquire into the best means of ventilating the place , in which their lordships sat , and adverted to the uncomfortable feeling which must be excited , and which he himself had experienced from the vast number of small holes in the floor . One might catch cold even in a post-chaise in summer , if the chaise were full of small holes . He was the more alive to this subject , from the experience he had had in the courts where he had long practised . had no objection to the committee merely for the purpose of enquiry , but at the same time said , that the plan recommended by Mr. Davy had not as yet had its fair trial . The House had undoubtedly been rendered more comfortable since that plan had been adopted . had the greatest respect for Mr. Davy ; but if any of their lordships would come on Wednesday , and sit with him to hear a Scotch cause , with 500 holes under that table , all the philosophers in the world could hardly persuade him that his situation was of a very comfortable nature . had often suffered se- 1077 verely from oppressive heat in the House ; and of the two extremes , he should certainly prefer cold to heat . requested the noble lord , who was a very good lawyer , to come and hear the Scotch cause , and then he would probably alter his opinion . rose to move , that the order be discharged . After what had already passed ; after the eyes of the noble Secretary of State had been a little opened , he had expected him to have himself moved the discharge of the order . The Bill proposed to punish with death those who entered a house , whether with force or not , and damaged a piece of lace ,