respect to the smallness of the expence of the year 1798 , he begged to observe , that that was a year of great disturbance in Ireland , during a great part of which the courts of justice were closed , and therefore the expence of prosecution was not so great.—Agreed to . When the Resolution was proposed for 1220 granting 21,600l . to the Trustees of the Linen and Hempen Manufactures of Ireland , to be by the said Trustees applied in such manner as shall appear to them to be conducive to promote and encourage the said Manufactures , wished to know , before this sum was voted , what had become of a debt due to the board ? and thought the grant should be suspended until some information was obtained on the subject . said , he understood that the board were taking steps to recover the debt alluded to , but whether it had actually been paid or not he did not know . Knowing the high respectability of the noblemen and gentlemen who composed the Linen board , he had taken it for granted that the proper means had been adopted for the recovery of the money ; he would , however , make an enquiry upon the subject , —Agreed to . then moved , that a sum of 8,900l . be granted for draining Bogs in Ireland ; the sum granted last year for this purpose was 12,000l . which , with what had been previously granted , and what was now proposed , made altogether about 29,000l . A detailed account of the proceedings of these commissioners was before the House , from which it appeared that a very large portion of the bogs of Ireland had already been surveyed . It was now proposed that they should extend their surveys into Connamara , of the western side of Ireland , for which purpose it was necessary that the commissioners should be continued another year , when they would finish their labours . The Committee , he was sure , must be aware of the very great importance of the object for which this sum was now claimed , and he hoped it would be the last that parliament would be called upon to grant . expressed a hope , that , in future , before grants of this kind were made , the House would have an opportunity of determining on their utility , and not be led on , step by step , in considerable disbursements for inconsiderable objects . In his opinion , the survey of all Ireland might have been effected for one third of the sum voted for this purpose . Besides , a very large proportion of these bogs , for the survey of which the public paid , belonged to noblemen and gentlemen , who were very able to have them surveyed , without increasing the public burthens . The idea originally stated , when this plan was ushered in , was , that a sufficient quantity 1221 of hemp would be raised to render us independent of any supplies from the Baltic ; but , from what he now saw , the scheme appeared likely to promote no one useful object . regretted that the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Foster ) who first proposed the plan , was not in his place to vindicate himself from the charges of the right hon . baronet . It was impossible , from the nature of the undertaking , that the expence should be fully ascertained at the outset . He considered it as a complete geological surrey , embracing 17–20ths of all the bogs in Ireland , and far from being so fruitless as described by the right hon . baronet.—Agreed to . said , there was an augmentation of 2,500l . in the grant this year , which arose partly from the expence which had been incurred in the repairs of the schools , and partly from the increase in the price of provisions . wished to know , why there should be a still further increase on the increase of 10,000l