was there to prevent them from the old British constitutional mode of petitioning by counties and by districts ? He hoped that the Catholics would now for ever close their book of conventions , and proceed in the old regular way of petitioning . He would allow , that it was highly natural for the Catholics to feel severely those restrictions which placed them on an inferior footing to the rest of their fellow subjects . He really thought that many gentlemen were completely mistaken in supposing that the Catholics would gain much political power by this measure , as it appeared to him that they now enjoyed a certain share of it , through those Protestant representatives chosen by their influence ; and he would just as soon see Catholic gentlemen representing the Catholic influence ; as see Protestants in that situation . The noble lord concluded by declaring it as his opinion , that it did infinite mischief to the Catholic cause to have the subject agitated so frequently in Parliament , without one practical measure being , proposed which had the least chance of meeting the views of 641 all parties , in reconciling the concessions to be made with the securities to be provided for the constitution . On the general principle , his opinion remained unaltered ; and he only wished to see some practical plan proposed which was likely to be acceded to . Until that was done , he thought those endless discussions on the subject did great injury to the cause , by committing members in a manner in consequence of the votes they had already given . rose at the same time with another hon . member , but the House expressing a general wish to hear Mr. W he began by declaring his regret , unconnected as he was with Ireland , except by being a member of the united parliament , to prevent other hon . gentlemen from delivering their opinion on the subject ; but , protracted as the debate had been , the speech which had just been made by the noble lord rendered him extremely anxious to assign his reasons for the vote he should give . The noble lord had complained of the indistinct and indefinite nature of the motion before the House ; he had termed the discussion an unintelligible one , and yet , to do the noble lord ample justice , he had contributed his full share to that unintelligibility , ( A laugh . ) He , ( Mr. W. ) was now , as he always had been , a warm friend to the consideration of the Catholic claims . Agreeing with the noble lord in some of his general propositions ( as well as he could understand them ) he entirely differed from him in thinking that the attainment of those claims had been retarded by the discussions to which the various motions on the subject had given rise . On the contrary , he maintained that discussion alone had raised the Catholics from that state of abject slavery in which they were once plunged—that to discussion alone were the Catholics indebted for all that `` light and life '' which they already possessed—and that to discussion alone would they owe the acquisition of those rights and privileges which were yet withheld from them . Instead , therefore , of advising them to remain in the state of torpor recommended by the noble lord , his strenuous advice to them would be to reiterate their claims until they obtained the accomplishment of their just wishes . The noble lord had balanced the difficulties and dangers which attended the question on both sides . He had enlarged on the necessity of securities for the constitutional establishments , and 642 yet the noble lord had concluded by admitting ( with what consistency he would riot pretend to determine ) that one of the best of those securities would be created by allowing Catholics to sit in parliament . Notwithstanding this admission , the noble lord arraigned , with great vehemence , the noble lord who originated the present discussion—his right hon