parent exercised a disposition to assist a child out of a fund belonging to himself . If that did not appear justifiable to the hon . and learned gentleman , be would have quite as much ground to argue on the subject at present , as if an inquiry 959 were gone into upon it.—Next came the case of captain Temple . This circumstance occurred the year before he came into government ; but he had no doubt that the grant was made to captain Temple , because the circumstance which occasioned the expence , grew out of the discharge of his duty . But did it follow that the claim of captain Tomlinson , or of any other officer , must necessarily be granted in the same way ? The hon . and learned gentleman said , that at the opening of captain Tomlinson 's trial , the judge declared that a verdict must be found of acquittal . This struck him differently from the mode in which it seemed to strike the hon . and learned gentleman . From all his experience in courts of justice , it appeared to him that captain Tomlinson must have been acquitted , not on the merits of the case but in consequence of come detect in the indictment . Let that , however , be as it might , if the alleged offence was not supposed to be committed in the discharge of his duty , captain Tomlinson 's case was not at all analogous to that of captain Temple . He would not refer to sir H. Popham 's case , because on that parliament had already pronounced a decision . But it was whimsical to hear the hon . and learned gentleman , who condemned the grant made to sir H. Popham , instance a case of claim , which he described as nearly similar in character , and then condemn government for not having attended to it ! This was a kind of double-handed stroke which the hon . and learned gentleman had made : 'You have granted , you are wrong—You have not granted , still you are wrong . '—He had now gone through most of the cases touched upon by the hon . and learned gentleman , and shewn that the charge of a misapplication of the fund was wholly unfounded . If the hon . and learned gentleman wished for further information in the shape of papers , he had no objection to their production ; but he was persuaded that the House would agree with him in thinking that no grounds had been laid for the appointment of a Committee . The House of Commons had abundant business without the multiplication of unnecessary committees , the increase of which in late years had already become a most serious evil . , in explanation , distinctly disclaimed the slightest intention of imputing to sir William Scott the least impropriety of conduct ; but he blamed the mode in which the item was described in 960 the paper . With respect to the conduct of government towards sir Home Popham and the other individual whom he had mentioned , all he had said was , that as their cases were the same , it ought to be explained why their treatment was different . stated the facts in the case of lord Keith in the same way as that in which they had been stated by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . He then proceeded to the best of his recollection , to detail those in the case of captain Tomlinson . Captain Tomlinson 's vessel had been repaired at Dartmouth . The person by whom it had been repaired , a man of the name of Tanner , became a bankrupt , and by his books it appeared that his charges were much less than those made to the Admiralty . It was discovered that these last were forged . Two bills of indictment were in consequence found , the one against Tanner , the other against captain Tomlinson . On opening the prosecution against Tanner , it appeared that the forgery had not