sums appropriated to different purposes . All their lordships undoubtedly felt the necessity of supporting now as well as at any former time , the dignity and state belonging to the exercise of the functions of royalty , and to the person in whatever situation , or labouring under whatever calamity , who continued to wear the crown . They all felt that it was not merely for a-sick person , but a sick king , for whom provision was to be made . He had often lamented that in all the arrangements of the civil list , two objects should have been combined so obviously dissimilar as the provision for the civil government of the country , and the expenditure for the royal household . This was not the proper opportunity for entering into such a consideration , but he did think it , in due time , a subject highly worthy of their lordships attention . An extreme case might , indeed , occur , which would render it expedient to make some alteration with reference to this arrangement , but except in such an extreme case , it was unquestionably the duty of the legislature to respect the contract which bad been entered into between the country and his Majesty , when he was competent to give or to withhold his assent . Upon the subject of the excesses incidental to the civil list , 691 the noble lord stated , that when in office , he had conceived it to be the most regular and expedient course to meet these excesses with any available fund in the uncontrouled possession of the crown , rather than to apply for parliamentary aid . A conversation then took place between lords Grenville and Liverpool as to the legal accountability of the King 's Lords Steward and Chamberlain to the Lord Treasurer , after which the Bill was read a third time . moved the second reading of the Bill to prohibit the granting of Offices in Reversion , or for joint lives , with benefit of survivorship . said , he understood that the hon . gentleman who brought this subject forward , had on a former evening stated himself not to be aware that any opposition might be expected . Now , if there had been any understanding to that effect , he begged leave to say that he was no party to it . He should expect more substantial reasons than any he had yet heard from the hon . gentleman , before he could give his vote for making that permanent which had hitherto only been adopted as a temporary measure . He understood the measure which had been adopted , to have originated in a wish of the Finance Committee , that those sinecure places might not be granted in reversion , which subsequently they might think it expedient to abolish ; and therefore a suspension of the power of the crown in this respect had been requested ; now , he would ask , could it be too much to desire that this branch of the prerogative of the crown might not be destroyed at least till the embryo plans of the hon . gentlemen , who thought proper to recommend such a measure , were known ? It might so happen , that when their plans were brought forward , the House might be of opinion they were such as ought not to be adopted , and then they would stand in the predicament of having lopped off a part of the prerogative of the crown , without supplying many other way the means of rewarding long and meritorious services . The prerogative of the crown he conceived to be a part of the rights of the sovereign , and he thought the House ought not to touch this branch of it until the 692 plan of what was to be substituted for it was known . It was useless , moreover , to pass it there , as he had no doubt it would be thrown out in another place . When the Bill left that House they might bid farewell to