were then removed of great consequence in practice and in theory . He had uniformly inculcated upon the Catholics , therefore , that what had happened once might happen again . Such was the ground upon which he had attended the Catholic meeting . But why , it had been said , did he not attend the privy council , and there give his opinion ? Because of his distance from the capital . If he could have attended , he would willingly have met the right hon . secretary ( Mr . Pole ) at council , and there openly stated his opinion , that nothing but the grossest infatuation , and most mischievous insanity , could have given rise to the construction which they put upon the Convention act As to the opinion of the judges of the court of King's-bench , he maintained , that he had a right to consider his own interpretation of the act to be correct , till the question had been decided upon in the last resort ; for he had often seen opinions of that kind set aside . And as to the opinion of the law officers , there , were upon the table two opinions of the Attorney-general , on the subject of warehousing sugar , one given in January , and the other in March , directly contradictory to each other . He could not be supposed to place much confidence in such opinions.—The right hon . baronet then adverted to the extracts which had been read from a Catholic pamphlet , in order to shew the violent and intemperate manner in which that body conducted themselves : but extracts read from a book , taken without connection with the context , might be made to 607 prove any thing . Supposing , however , they were sometimes intemperate , this might admit of some excuse from men smarting under a sense of unmerited grievance . It was strange reasoning to say , We admit the grievances , and the propriety of redressing them , but then this is not the time ; you must be cool—and not disturb our official repose with your intemperance . But even if there had been any thing in this , it was most unjust to charge the expressions of an individual upon a whole body . One of the passages , relating to the Commissioners of Charitable Donations , had stated , that their object appeared to be , to defeat the Catholic bequests . This was said to be unfounded . But it was not altogether unfounded ; and , to prove this , he adverted to the case of a Catholic widow , who left her property in charitable donations . The first bequest in the will was , 1,000l . to the poor of the city of Waterford , without distinction of religious persuasions . This might have secured the favour of the guardians of Charitable Donations ; but , in framing the statute , it bas been provided , that the commissioners might , in case of an illegal bequest ; apply the money to a purpose which they might think the nearest to the testator 's intention . In this case , they filed a bill in Chancery , to set the bequest aside . After this attempt to deprive the poor of Waterford of this property , was it surprizing that such should have been the opinion of the Catholics with respect to the commissioners , or that they should have entertained and expressed the most unfavourable opinions of these parliamentary guardians of Charitable Bequests , who endeavoured to do away the provisions of a will framed by this good Roman Catholic lady , in the most enlarged and exemplary spirit of liberality , and acted upon by her executor , the Roman Catholic bishop of Waterford , with the same enlightened and benevolent spirit . His right hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) could state what had taken place at the passing of the Convention bill . The preamble stated , that it was a declaration of the existing law ; and ,