and learned gentleman alluded to , but in my opinion , it would be still more accurate to say that it is a system which begins with forgery , is continued by perjury , and ends in enormous frauds . I will read 1111 a clause from the first licence that comes to my hand—for it is in them all—in 18,000 licences a year—and it is a clause which demands the most serious attention of the House . What are we to say when we find that the government of the country lends the sanction of its authority to such expressions as the following , in the licences from port to port : `` The vessel shall be allowed to proceed , notwithstanding all the documents which accompany the ship and cargo may represent the same to be destined to any neutral or hostile port , or to whomsoever such property may appear to belong . '' Notwithstanding , says his Majesty in Council—at least his Majesty is made to use such language—notwithstanding , says this paper , which is countersigned by his Majesty 's Secretary of State 18,000 times in a year , this trade is carried on by fraud and perjury , we will sanction that foulness , and we will give orders that these ships shall be enabled to pass through the British fleets . Perhaps the full import of this clause is not known to the House . It is proper they should be informed that papers are put on board stating the actual place from which the ship cleared out , signed in the proper and usual manner , with letters from the ship-owner to the proper persons ; and that these real documents form what is called the ship 's papers . By this licence the captain is enabled to take on board another set of papers , which are a forgery from beginning to end , and in case his vessel happens to be overhauled by our cruizers , he escapes detention . If the ship happen to clear from London , it is perhaps said to clear from Rotterdam , and the proper description is made out , as nearly as possible , in the hand-writing of the Custom-house officer at Rotterdam , and if it be necessary that the paper should be signed by a minister of state , as is the case in Holland , his hand writing must be forged , frequently that of the duke of Cadore , or perhaps , as I happened to see the other day , that of Napoleon himself . Not only are the names forged , but the seal is also forged , and the wax imitated . But this is not enough . A regular set of letters is also forged , containing a good deal of fictitious private anecdote , and a good deal of such news from Rotterdam as might be supposed to be interesting to mercantile people , and a letter from a merchant in Rotterdam to the ship owner . Thus provided , the vessel sails , and the 1112 object of the clause in the licence which I have just read , is to prevent her from being seized by any of our cruizers who may intercept her . This is what is meant by the general expression of— '' Notwithstanding all the documents which accompany the ship and cargo may represent the same , & c. & c. '' So much for the system of forgery on which this licence trade rests ; but all this is not enough . All this must be done with the privity of the merchant here , and of his clerks . That most respectable branch of society , and these young men , whom they are initiating into trade , are no longer at liberty to follow the system , by which our Childs and our Barings have risen to such respectability and eminence ; but from their very outset in fife , are now to be initiated in the humiliating mysteries of this fraudulent commerce . All these forgeries , too , are confirmed by the solemn