at the abolition of which he aimed . His task would , therefore , be shorter , as he had only to shew the impolicy of what must be confessed , on all hands , to be inhuman and barbarous . Yet even here he felt a considerable degree of embarrassment , arising from the difficulty of applying reasoning to what one would think the heart must determine on instantly before the judgment could be consulted . If the mind did not revolt at once from the mere statement of a practice so abominable , it would be no easy matter to convince the understanding 1265 of those who could bring themselves to cold reasoning and calculation on the subject . He would , however , attempt to offer some arguments one case , and , to begin , would revert to his former position , that the practice was not sanctioned by its antiquity . That it was not an ancient practice , a reference to the statute book would sufficiently evince . In the early statutes , the punishments of military offences , like those of other offences , were specified , and those offences , like other offences were universally referred to the decision of judges and a jury . The 18th of Henry the sixth declared military desertion to be felony without benefit of clergy , and provided that the offender should be tried by a jury . There were statutes of Henry 7 , and of Edward 6 , to the same effect . By those statutes , absence from the muster-roll was rendered punishable by a short imprisonment , while , by desertion , the punishment of death was declared to have been incurred . So it was during the reigns of Henry 8 , and Philip and Mary ; and up to that last named period , military offences were tried by the same tribunals as offences of every other description , and were punished by similar inflictions . He believed that any upholder of the present system of flogging would be very much put to it to show that it was the practice , even in the armies under the glorious duke of Marlborough.—He had heard from old persons , who had been long in the army , that they could remember but one instance of this species of punishment being inflicted , and in that one case the individual was sent out of the army . He himself recollected in his boyhood , having seen persons pointed out as having been drummed out of their regiment . To what then were they to attribute the change that had since taken place ? There were no drummings out of the army now . This could be accounted for only on the supposition that they could not discharge the soldier from the army , without conferring a benefit upon him ; and why ? Because in that line of life his reward was not adequate to the services he performed , and they were obliged to compel him to his duty by torture . This was the sole ground-work for the supposed necessity for continuing this cruel mode of punishment . An officer was not flogged . To dismiss him was considered a sufficient punishment for many offences ; but to dismiss a soldier was considered a reward . Here he could not help animadverting on 1266 what had fallen from an hon . and learned gentleman , the Judge-advocate , the other day . That hon . and learned gentleman had told them , by way of inducing a belief that flogging was almost extinct , that he had great consolation in stating , that only eight persons had in the course of the year been sentenced to receive lashes by general courts-martial , and that of these , the sentence had only been carried into execution ( to the number of 700 lashes , a number he should have thought beyond all human endurance ) upon one man , who had refused an offer of commuting the punishment into service abroad for life . What was the source of the hon