the Regent . Upon the subject of the Roman Catholics , his sentiments had not changed in the slightest degree . When he before had 1024 the honour of forming a part of administration , he had differed with his right hon . friend , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , on the principle of the question . He was friendly while his right hon . friend was directly opposed to their claims ; but he was against the agitation of the subject at that time , and he still remained of the same opinion . It might be right for the House to be informed of the principles which actuated hon . gentlemen on the other side of the House ; and it was fortunate that they had to night been stated in a manner which rendered equivocation impossible . Does , or does not , ( said the noble lord ) lord Grenville stand to his professions in the letter he addressed to the earl of Fingal ? ( Repeated cries of hear ! hear ! from Opposition ! ) It may be so ; but if any judgment can be formed from the sentiments expressed during the debates , I should say that he dismissed from his mind the whole system of guards and regulations laid down so distinctly in that letter . If the representations published are correct , I find his lordship in another place , within a short period exclaiming with vehemence , 'Where is the danger to the establishments ? Why do you not give an immediate assent to the demands , before you are compelled to do so ? Surely this is not very consistent conduct ; for there is no allusion made to any of the important safeguards before so much dwelt upon ; and when I read in the Letter of lords Grey and Grenville , that it is impossible for them to come into power , for ever so short a time , without recommending the immediate repeal of all the penal statutes against the Catholics , and no allusion to any protection for the Protestant church , I own I can not help being surprised . The conclusions drawn by the hon . gentleman who spoke last , make it clear that the change of system must be general and fundamental , and the real question now to be decided is , whether an act shall be done which shall compel the Prince Regent , contrary to the determinations of his mind , to change his government , for the purpose of enabling that government to advise his Royal Highness to repeal all the laws of restriction upon the Catholics . I am friend to the Catholic cause , under certain regulations , still . ( Hear ! hear ! and a laugh from Opposition ) . These marks of triumph I can easily understand they mean that those who shew them stand upon sure ground : but unless such a government can be formed as may induce 1025 the Regent to revoke the opinion he has given , the Bill may be brought in , but it can never become a law , and the new ministers must quit their seats in six weeks after they have occupied them—His lordship then proceeded to notice the curious reason that had been assigned for this change in opinion in the noble lords alluded to , which was the increased danger of the times . He was at a loss to discover it , whether he looked to our external or internal relations . Unless victory added to our insecurity , which might , perhaps , be contended by the other side , he could not ascertain the smallest ground for the assertion . In Ireland he thought that for political purposes the accounts of disturbances had been grossly exaggerated ; but if the Catholic emancipation were acceded to , they would not be confined to Ireland , and we might rue in England the baneful consequences of rashly granting a measure contrary to the well grounded prejudices of the great mass of the community . `` I wish (