nor to the grievances from which they sought relief : no , they were solely to look to the revenue drawn from a people so situated . His lordship could not help admiring the statesman , who bad penned that part of the Speech , and who , while he was holding up that paltry consideration to the attention of the House , seemed to have forgotten , that the only way to make revenue permanently productive , was to make the people happy , and to lend a willing ear to their just complaints . Things had , however , come to such a crisis in Ireland , that their lordships must have to decide on the grand question , during the present session . They could no longer hear of procrastination , of irresolution , or of further considerations . They must inevitably decide , during the present session , whether Ireland was to be treated as a sister kingdom ; whether the Irish were to be considered as British subjects ; and whether such a large proportion of the population of these realms were to be admitted within the pale of the constitution . The consequence of a refusal , his lordship would not anticipate , nor should he , perhaps , have dwelt on that topic , in the present instance , were it not , that , in a very few days , and , probably , in the course of the week , the subject would be brought distinctly and separately before their lordships . He was glad of the opportunity of giving that notice to noble lords , and hoped it would prove a sufficient apology for having introduced the subject that day . wished as much for unanimity on the present occasion , as the noble baron who had just sat down ; but to that wish he could not sacrifice a public principle . The noble baron had justly said , that on the day of the opening of the session , a general outline of the state of the nation was usually laid before the House , but it had never been deemed necessary to introduce into that outline , all the topics which might afterwards demand their lordships ' attention . The details , for instance , on foreign connections , were invariably reserved for future opportunities ; and he could not think of altering that established and approved line of conduct for the sake of unanimity . The present , his lordship was convinced , was not a fit day to dwell on such or any other details ; but the noble baron had entered a general protest against the whole of the 11 system pursued by the present ministers , and on that ground , he was ready to meet him the more willingly , as that system and those measures so condemned , bad stood the test of experience . Many opportunities would undoubtedly occur of canvassing the merits of their different opinions ; but , as the noble baron had been heard in support of his , it would not be , perhaps , too much to presume , that the same indulgence might be allowed to him . He was firmly convinced that the system the noble baron had so much condemned , was the only one that had saved , or could have saved this country : to the continuance of that system only , Europe could look for deliverance , and England for permanent safety ; in short , by the merits of that system his lordship and his colleagues were determined to stand or fall . As to the affairs of Ireland , the noble lord said he had given to that subject all the attention it deserved , with due consideration , as to the justice and expediency of the case , and he still persisted in his former opinion . The noble baron had , however , given notice that the matter would shortly be brought before the House , a notice rather unusual , when the Speech contained no allusion to the subject . He could not ,