to an officer , ( sir Home Popham ) , which was argued upon before , and had gone through a considerable deal of discussion ; and which grant was made to that officer under the idea of the peculiar pressure of losses arising from captures and other sources . But as to any grants from ministers to the relatives or dependants of ministers , he would venture to say , that with the exception of this 12,000l . there was no such thing . There certainly was no grant which could justify the hon . member in making against ministers that charge of abusive distribution of this property , which the hon . gentleman had thought proper to throw out against them . The hon . gentleman stated , that whenever the law officers of the crown mentioned this property , they considered it as the sacred and private property of the crown ; and yet that the ministers , in defiance of such declarations , dealt it out to their relatives and dependants . For his part he could state , and he did not know whether it was to him a misfortune or a merit , that for the last four years and a half that he had been in administration , neither himself , nor one of his relatives or connections , had received one single shilling of this money . It was his duty , however , to state , and it was also but justice to his predecessors to say , that if any man supposed that those funds , ( he meant the Droits of the Admiralty , and the 4½ percents duties , to which the hon . gentleman had likewise alluded ) had been misapplied , he did not wish to keep any such misapplication from the knowledge of parliament , by resisting any inquiry which gentlemen might choose to institute for that purpose . For his own part , however , he begged again to declare , that not one farthing from those funds had ever been received by him . in explanation , stated , that he had confined his observations to the 4½ percent . fund . He would pledge himself to prove that grants had been made . conceived that the hon . gentleman meant the , observation to be generally applied , for so he understood him in terms . restated his objections , notwithstanding the explanation of the right 191 hon . gentleman , to the additional grant of 70,000l . to the Prince Regent . observed , that of the 70,000l . which his Royal Highness received from the exchequer , a sum of 17,00l . was paid to her royal highness the Princess of Wales , and the difference between those two sums remained at the disposal of the Prince Regent . was disposed to vote any sum which could contribute to the comfort of his Majesty ; but he must object to the manner in which that splendour and comfort was proposed to be afforded , and to creating a new Civil List revenue . He wished to know why the whole of the Civil List establishment was not transferred to his royal highness the Prince Regent . Was it from any distrust of the Prince that it was not to be so transferred ? Did the right hon . gentleman suppose that his Royal Highness would not render all the comforts to his royal rather and sovereign of which he stood in need ? If it was necessary , he would give his Royal Highness 3 or 400,000l . in addition to the Civil List , if that could contribute to the happiness of his Majesty . Such a regulation as the one he now proposed would be infinitely more advantageous to the country . wished to say a few words respecting the Massage of the Prince in the year 1803 mentioned last night . It appeared that this Message had not only been misunderstood by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , but that it had also been misunderstood out of doors and in particular , that