divest it of all terms and names which only tend to distort it ; to separate it from general topics , with which it is very remotely connected ; to mark out the true point for consideration , and to keep that point constantly in view ; to ascertain where the presumption lies , and to which side the burden of proof belongs . It is not altogether unnecessary to guard ourselves on these particulars ; for , in these discussions , we are in the habit of hearing much of excluding the Catholics from their 'natural rights , ' of depriving them of their 'constitutional privileges , ' of Catholic 'emancipation , ' as if they were in a state of slavery ; we hear declamations on the odiousness of 'persecution and intolerance , ' and on the value of 'civil and religious liberty , ' as if there were many conflicting opinions upon those subjects . In the present enlightened state of society there is hardly an educated and intelligent person who does not hold in detestation and abhorrence , any approach towards persecution and intolerance , who does not hold , in the highest estimation , the blessings of civil and religious liberty . Surely it is not necessary that a man should cease to be a christian , in order not to be a bigot ? or should lay aside religious preference , and become equally indifferent to all religions , in order not to be intolerant . If those who , from a regard to toleration itself , and to civil liberty , are anxious to preserve the constitution , in church and state , as , at present , by law established , are yet to be charged with attempting to raise a cry of 'no Popery ' and of 'the church being in danger , ' when , in reality , an attempt is made artfully to raise a cry against them of bigotry , persecution , and intolerance , the artifice ought to be pointed out and guarded against . On the one hand , no person can seriously believe that those respectable members of the legislature , who think that further , concessions ought to be granted to the Catholics , have it in view to pull down the church of England and to introduce popery ; on the other hand , this admission may fairly be claimed from their candour , that those who think the concessions ought not to be granted , have yet no disposition to persecution and intolerance . The true ground , upon which we ought fairly to meet , is this : can these concessions be made with safety to the constitution ? if 502 they can , reason and justice appear to require that they should be granted ; if they can not , reason and justice , justice to the rest of the nation , to the Protestants of Ireland in particular , and even to the Catholics themselves , require that they should be withheld . Perhaps the very term , concessions will be objected to . The Catholics , it will be said , do not come to ask concessions , but to demand their rights , their birthrights , their natural rights . In this country it is rather too late to enter into a discussion of the 'natural rights of man . ' In constituted societies natural rights must necessarily be abridged for the promotion and security of social order . The constitution of this country has already defined what portion of those rights must be taken away ; we must presume that as large a portion of our natural rights has been left to us , as is consistent with the order and happiness of civil society ; if there has not , let it be fairly and openly avowed , that it is the constitution itself you propose to alter . Instead of thus avowing the real proposition , other terms are resorted to it is their 'constitutional privileges , their share in the constitution ' that the Catholics claim . The fallacy of this pretension exposes