of those who had expressed their opinions on the subject in terms so widely different . When the hon . general on the opposite side of the House asserted , that it was impossible a man should die from receiving 224 lashes , he must differ from him in opinion ; he had beard from very good authority many instances in which this had been the case . He did not mean to impeach the character of those officers who inflicted it : as long as it remained as the punishment for certain degrees of offence , they must do their duty in administering it . Notwithstanding the letter which had been read by the gallant general near him ( general Tarleton ) general Money had certainly published his pointed disapprobation of this punishment , and had said that desertion was the only crime for which it ought to be inflicted . He ( Mr. W. ) did not mean to say that the situation of the British soldier was in itself degrading , but he was certainly of opinion , this punishment was very degrading to the character of a British soldier . Was it known , that in every regiment there was a thief 's cat , and that according to the manner in which the knots Were tied , and their number , the 1289 severity of the flogging was greatly increased ? Was there not also a mode of prolonging punishment ? These were the circumstances which constituted the degradation , as they rendered the soldiers liable to suffer by the caprice of their officers , who had the power to increase these knots , and to prolong the punishment . Discussion had done infinite good in this , as it did in every case . Some years ago , when this subject was brought into discussion , it was not denied , that the punishment did exist , and that very generally ; but now it was declared to be the pride of several regiments , not to have such punishment attached to their discipline . There were no regiments now that boasted of being what were called flogging regiments . '' He must again declare , he could not agree with the hon . general that a man could not die from receiving 224 lashes . He would , on the contrary , undertake to prove at the bar , that such had been the case . The repetition of punishment for the same offence was in his eye an act of wanton cruelty . He declared he was so great an enemy to this punishment that he would give it a deathblow , if he could , without thinking it at all necessary to find any substitute for it . In the case of torture , if he were asked what he would substitute for it , he would directly answer— '' nothing . '' Torture ought not to be any where allowed ; but if it had been so in this country , and there was a question as to abolishing it , he would disdain to point out a substitute for that which ought never to have for a moment been endured . On the grounds , therefore , which he had often before expressed , he would vote for the clause . defended the present system , as greatly to be preferred to that of France , or any other country . He contended that imprisonment would not answer the end proposed , and that the best soldiers in the army would oppose that sort of punishment as useless to reclaim the negligent ; and that they would prefer the present system . of Kerry was an enemy to corporal punishment if it could be avoided , but experience had proved it to be necessary . All other modes of punishment had been resorted to without success , and he should therefore vote against the clause proposed to be introduced . rose . .—Sir F. Burdett , to exlain . said , he rose to reply to the arguments brought forward against his clause . observed that a reply was