it was only consistent with obvious justice , to indulge some latitude of this kind to the accused . How had the crown exercised its privilege on this occasion ? Twenty-three persons were challenged without any cause assigned , and , as it were , in forgetfulness of the right of the Catholics to be tried by a jury composed in the one-half of their own body . Was this acting in a manner that betokened the liberality , the candour , the justice , which ought always to mark the conduct of a British government ? He had understood that there was a want of respect shown in the mode in which the intention of the Irish administration had first been notified to the heads of the Catholic Committee . Lord Fingall did not receive his notice till the day on which the proclamation was issued.—He thought there was then in the existing situation of Ireland , and in the measures adopted by the government of that country , strong and satisfactory grounds for going into the proposed Committee . He believed that the Catholics had been acquitted by a Protestant jury , and that the Catholic body did stand acquitted in the sight of their Protestant brethren . He believed that a general and growing desire did pervade the Protestants of Ireland , 454 to see their Catholic countrymen admitted to a full participation of the constitution . It was his earnest hope that this example of retracted error and conquered prejudice would have a salutary operation upon the minds and the prejudices of the Protestants of this country . He trusted that England would not persist in blinding herself to the dictates of an enlarged and liberal policy , or be obstinately bent on the maintenance of injurious maxims and mischievous animosities , but that on the contrary the time would soon arrive when they should only be remembered to have been . There had unquestionably been abundant opportunity to operate on the feelings of the Catholics , to inflame their minds and to provoke their discontents ; yet where were they to look for the manifestation of any such effect . It was not at home in their domestic character as citizens , or in their conduct in the armies in Spain and , Portugal . This consideration surely should have weight with their lordships , and it was peculiarly deserving at the same time of their remembrance , that the laws as they now stood were not calculated to exclude the atheist , whom no laws were likely to bind , or the bigot , who unlike the Catholic refused to renounce his errors , or to listen to conviction ; but that they did serve to exclude and stigmatize those honourable and conscientious men , who refused to barter the religion of their forefathers for objects of temporal ambition , and against the justice of whose claim no sins cither moral or political could be adduced . argued in favour of the motion , contending , that it was of vital importance to the empire ; and that at such a momentous crisis as the present , the country ought not to be deprived of the active and hearty co-operation of so large a portion of its population . The security of every free government , and its characteristic superiority over every other , consisted in the feeling as well as acknowledgment on the part of the subjects of such a country , that they had an interest in its state and its maintenance . Let noble lords look at Ireland , and the manner in which it had been ruled from time immemorial , and he need not then ask them , if it were possible that the Irish people could entertain such a sentiment as that which he had described towards the government of England ? Why had this country been so long able to contend with the usurper of France , but because we had 455 derived from cur ancestors a system of government founded on common consent , and which every individual felt that it was his interest to maintain