it made no part of the instructions to those appointed to frame it . He alluded to that part relating to his Majesty 's Private Property . On this subject he found himself in great difficulty and was not aware of any argument that , could shew the propriety ; of legislating upon it . He would say nothing of the amount to which , on the accumulation of many years , it must have risen , but he might state that he could not nor did he believe any gentleman who heard him could come to a determination thus incidentally to bestow upon it legislative recognition . The Bill called on them to appoint three commissioners to superintend this fund , out of which they were to be paid 1,000l . per annum each , and the House might readily form an idea of what that sum must be which could afford so large a proportion for the mere auditing . He should be the last man in the House to hurt the feelings of the royal family , but , as a member of parliament , he must protest against their recognizing this fund , uninformed as they were as to its amount and nature . He must also protest against the oath intended to be administered to these commissioners , by which they would be bound never to betray the `` secrets of the prison house . '' By this means , if any part of this fund , which he did not mean to say was the case , —if any part of it should have arisen from sources not intended to have constituted private property , or to have been employed for private purposes , then parliament 335 would be excluded from the possibility of ascertaining the fact , and consequently from applying a remedy to the evil . In discussing this part of the , subject he was conscious of the delicacy of his situation , and that he was speaking of things not ordinarily within the view of parliament ; that he was consequently liable to misinterpretation , and in some quarters , of wilful misinterpretation ; he therefore wished that those royal personages most interested were present in the House to hear his sentiments . He was anxious that every syllable he uttered should be dealt out With becoming respect to the monarch and those nearest concerned , but at the same time he could not consent to give more than was consistent with the circumstances and honour of the country . With this impression , he hoped the House would allow him to go rather more into detail than he otherwise should have gone ; and he should not have done so , were it not a question of the greatest importance in every point of view.—The Bill professed to be `` a Bill for making provision for the better support and arrangement of his Majesty 's household , and for the care of his Majesty 's real and personal property during the continuance of his Majesty 's indisposition . '' Now , the House would consider the circumstances under which the Bill so framed came for discussion . An act passed for settling the regency for 12 months under certain restrictions , which act had very nearly expired . The restrictions contained in that act were such as the prince of Wales felt were not only painful , but injurious and insulting to the character of his royal highness . Since the passing of that act up to the present moment , his royal highness had conducted himself in such a manner , as not only to call forth the admiration of the country , but also to remove any suspicion , ( if any man had suspicion lurking in his mind at the time the act passed ) , that his future conduct would not be regulated in the same manner . The whole of his royal highness 's conduct had been directed by attention to the comforts of his royal father , and which had on all occasions done credit to himself , and would give the lie