512 the constitution already provides , namely a Protestant sovereign . In the first place , the constitution has hitherto not thought that alone a sufficient security ; but it has encircled the throne with Protestant ministers , and with a Protestant parliament . Stepping down however from that ground , yet looking prospectively to a future period , ( for , in a matter of such extreme importance , we must not confine our view to the present moment ) let us suppose a monarch secretly inclined to the Catholic religion , or one wholly indifferent to all religion , attached to Catholic favourites and Catholic ministers—that , in the House of Commons there-were a hundred Catholic members , besides the usual influence of the crown—that there were Catholics mixed in all parts of the state , in all the powers of the government , and in high military command—backed by four millions of population , under the influence of a Catholic priesthood ; that priesthood under the authority of a foreign power , —and that power , in effect , France ; —would there be no danger to your ecclesiastical establishments , or your civil liberties , or rather to both ? —for they will stand or fall together ! Even all the arrangements and barriers that could be formed might be swept away , and the nation be involved in the horrors of a civil and religious war . It might have no resource but in resistance and revolution : If such calamities are even possible , the risk should not be run ; even the risk , even the possibility , even the apprehension , would be a calamity . The nation would not passively deliver up their Protestant Church to a Catholic court , nor their civil liberties to an arbitrary government.—Let us not mistake the silence of the nation at this present moment for insensibility to this subject ; still less for acquiescence in these claims . If the table of the House is not covered with petitions , it is only because the people at large think , at present , that there is no chance of the claims being conceded ; but if they saw any appearance of it , the voice of the nation would probably be heard in pretty loud accents . Though the mild and benign spirit of toleration , which has long characterized our constitution , and actuated our church , has most happily extinguished religious antipathies , yet it is erroneous to suppose that the nation is become indifferent to its Protestant altars . It is anxious for their perfect security , not only from religious preference , but because they are 513 satisfied that with the Protestant ascendancy are intimately interwoven the civil liberties of the people . But , it may be asked , is the exclusion then necessarily to be perpetual ? certainly not—a change of circumstances may render an extension of privileges secure . The most important change is from ignorance to knowledge , from turbulence to civil and social order . The danger , in a considerable degree , arises from the great mass : of the Catholics , —those in whom the physical force of the body resides , —being , through their ignorance , under the entire dominion of their priesthood . This physical force , under that influence , connected with foreign authority , and guided by the higher classes fully sharing in political power , might be applied to the most dangerous purposes ; and , unless human nature itself is changed , the attempt of so applying it is probable . A participation of power between parties who materially differ upon some great principle , has never yet existed without each attempting to gain the ascendancy . This is no reflection on the Catholics . The love of power is universal . The Protestants equally possess it . They have the ascendency—they have it justly ; not only by the laws of the constitution , but as being four-fifths of the population of the empire.—They use it mildly and moderately ; they maintain full toleration ; under