. To this , however , he thought it could be rationally objected , that the terror of the law would in many cases operate , where the apprehension of lesser punishments would be found ineffectual . He , for his own part , could see no well-founded objection to try the effects of the measure which was proposed . The chief difficulty in the present case , he repeated , was the difficulty of detection under the existing applicable law ; and he believed at the same time , that the operating dread of the severer punishment would , in the present case , be attended with beneficial effects . In addition to this , he observed , that the act was proposed but as a temporary one , and therefore the legislature would have a future opportunity of revising it , on a consideration of its effects . 966 If it should prove ineffectual , they would have an opportunity of considering how far it would be wise or expedient to continue it . But considering ail the circumstances of the case , he was firmly of opinion , that the measures proposed in the Bill were the most proper for the adoption of the legislature ; and that the other House of Parliament were well grounded in sending it up for the concurrence of their lordships . He would therefore move , that this Bill be now read a second time . rose , and ( for the first time ) addressed their lordships as follows : complimented his noble friend who spoke last oh the ability which he had displayed in this his first speech in that House , and expressed his astonishment that ministers had not thought proper to reply to it . The rejection of a Bill brought forward under such circumstances , he admitted to be an evil ; but then , the present one was so extremely objectionable , that he felt it his duty to oppose it . He was not much surprised at this measure , for he never was surprised at seeing any thing foolish coming from the present ministers ; but the fact was , that the apprehension of such a law had already rendered the chances of detection less probable . This he had from the best authority . But he supposed , when he adverted to the general principle that the severity of the punishment increased the difficulty of detection and conviction , he should be told , that this was speculation and theory . They were for proceeding from day to day , without rudder or compass , as the winds and Waves carried them . But what was the real state of this case ? Here was a fact , that the apprehension of such a law had rendered detection more difficult ; and yet , in the face of this fact , they proposed to pass the law , as if there had been no other mode of getting at the opinion of parliament . Indeed , such a law was but a very bad way of sending out a strong expression of the opinion of the legislature against this Offence . Our penal code was too thick set with these penalties of death , to render that a very explicit declaration of the sense of parliament as to the enormity of the crime . The people would recollect , that the legislature had declared , that stealing to the value of 40s . from a canal , deserved death ; and with this in their minds , they 973 could not easily be persuaded that parliament was deeply impressed with the magnitude of the offence merely because it punished it with death . He was far , however , from thinking lightly of this crime ; for few crimes , could he more ruinous to the power , wealth , and prosperity of any country ; but it did not follow , that the conclusion drawn by the noble Secretary of State was correct , The noble Secretary admitted that the general principle , that the severity of the punishment increased the