advanced , and if it were necessary , he was at liberty to mention the name of his author ; and at the same time to say that if another book of that description fell into our hands , care would be taken of it , that gentlemen might see it and make their own comments . was of opinion that the argument to be deduced from the circumstance last mentioned cut quite the other way , as it shewed that even a capital punishment was more tolerable to the French army , than that of flogging . objected to a relaxation of discipline , though he thought severity of punishment in the Local Militia would be best avoided . supported the amendment , and contended that the abolition of flogging would tend not to relax , but to improve the discipline of the army . As to the book which they had been told was found , and afterwards lost , and which was to be taken such care of if found again , and for which he supposed the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer would advertise , offering large sums for its production , as he had done for another celebrated book ( the Delicate Investigation ) on a former occasion , it seemed after all to make against his argument , as it turned out that there was no proof of corporal punishment being inflicted in the French service , to prove which it was brought forward . said a few words in support of the original clause . was of opinion , that if corporal punishment was considered necessary in any part of the army , it was equally so in the Local Militia . said , that to his knowledge , the French prisoners at Gibraltar had borrowed our cats to flog their own people . professed himself to be adverse to the infliction of corporal punishment in the Local Militia . wished that some clause had been introduced which would direct a reference to the Secretary of State , previous to the infliction of corporal punishment . He did not know , at the same time , how to vote with the hon . baronet , as he conceived a case might arise to make corporal punishment necessary . moved for leave to bring in a Bill for declaring the seats of members , who should become bankrupt , vacant after a limited time . He did not think it necessary to preface his motion with any long speech . It was quite right , he thought , that a beggar should not be a member of that House . Its dignity and independence required that some measure of the nature of the present motion should be adopted . His Bill only went to assimilate the law of England to that now existing in Ireland . If an Irish member became bankrupt , his seat became vacant in six months after his bankruptcy , unless he produced a certificate from the commissioners . He did not know why English members should have privileges to which the Irish were not entitled . was of opinion that the preferable mode of proceeding would be for the House , in the first instance , to go into a committee to enquire into the privileges of members . He thought that adopting this measure at once would be to pass , in the public opinion , a great stigma on bankrupts , which , in the present state of the country , he could not think was altogether proper . approved of the proposed measure , though the period of six months might not be sufficient in many cases to enable a correct idea to be formed as to the state of the bankrupt 's affairs . He was , however , a friend to the measure , and thought that the publicity attendant on bankruptcy was one strong reason for the House adopting it . also approved of the measure .