official emoluments , for a priest , resident on the spot , if otherwise at liberty to discharge the office . How grateful should we feel for this rare concession ? What a striking contrast , I can not help begging leave to observe , between the liberal and beneficial conduct of our legislature at the present day , in this particular , and the penal restrictions , may I presume to say , of former periods ? When a Catholic priest , far from dreaming of such a thing as Stipendiary retribution 600 for his service would have considered himself as signally happy to be able to gain , even by stealth , at the most arduous risk , private admission into a gaol , for the purpose of exercising , without any hope , assuredly , or earthly fee or reward , in the most secret-wise , the functions of his sacred ministry , in behalf of its forlorn inmates of his profession ; and now ; to be not only thus openly and legally sanctioned in the public discharge of this important duty , but even stimulated to its execution , by an ample , permanent remuneration from the state.—What an incitement to the most strenuous co-operation on our side , in carrying into effect such excellent and charitable views ! `` I speak here , permit me to aver , right hon . Sir , only what I intimately feel on the occasion . Under this impression , it must necessarily afford roe unspeakable regret , hot to be able to submit to your consideration a fit person for the office in question , from the extreme want of priests that actually prevails at this juncture , throughout the district with which I am charged ; a circumstance that leaves ( I humbly beg pardon for this detail , ) not a few parochial chapels , to which are nevertheless attached , a numerous and wide-extended population , absolutely without divine service , even on Sundays.—I have the honour to be , & c . ( Signed . ) `` D . DELANY . '' Such , is the opinion , and such the language of a Roman Catholic bishop , respecting the advantages derived by Roman Catholics from this act , of which this work so strongly complains . Sir , as long as the Roman Catholics adopt the language of this book , and adhere to the positions laid down in it , I can not give my assent to a compliance with their demands . If , at any time , I should see a proper temper and disposition actuating the body of the Catholics , and this spirit of exaggeration and disaffection towards the government subside , I should be the last man in this House to oppose their pretensions . But until such a disposition is manifested by the Catholics , I feel it my duty to state distinctly , that I do not think it practicable , or possible , with security to the establishments , to put the Catholics upon an equal footing with the Protestans . said , the right hon . gentleman had repeatedly appealed to him , although he had not uttered one word during the course of the debate . But as 601 he had so appealed to him , he must beg leave to say a word or two on the manner and matter of the speech of the right hon . gentleman , whom he should be proud to call his friend . He really had a high opinion of the mind and comprehension of the right hon . gentleman ; but he had made no display on the present occasion of those talents for which he was willing to give him credit . On the contrary , he had taken a narrow and pitiful view of so great and important a question , and had stuffed his speech with endless extracts of the most miserable minutiæ , the most paltry and contemptible trash , and that in the discussion of a question the most momentous that could come under the consideration of