it would not be difficult to carry into effect those principles of reform which were suggested in 1782 , namely , supplying by contract instead of purveyance , abolishing useless offices in the household , and paying by salaries instead of perquisites . He should just mention one great abuse on this head . The charge for candles alone were 20,000l . and yet it might well be supposed , that the object of this royal illumination was not so much to administer satisfaction to the royal family by this transient splendour , as to put money in the pockets of those who had perquisites from those candles . In some departments no reform was necessary . None could be better managed than that of the Master of the Horse , where no such increase of expence had taken place as in most of the other departments.—The sixth head of expenditure consisted of Pensions , but these did not require any notice at present , as he believed the whole of their amount did not exceed the sum which was fixed in Mr. Burke 's bill . Neither should he say any thing on the , seventh and eighth classes of expenditure under the Civil List Revenue , but proceed to the ninth class , which contained various items well deserving the attention of the House , as he conceived it had been subject to great abuses . The estimate of 1804 , for Home Secret Service money , was 10,000l . and this sum was annually charged like an annuity , as if nothing ever caused it to vary in the slightest degree . This he considered as somewhat curious . The second item was for Special Service and Royal Bounty , which had greatly exceeded the estimate . This had been accounted for , by saying that some new classes of payments were added to this account ; but would the same apology apply for the rise from 12,000l . in 1804 , to 31,000l . in 1808 , and 32,000l . in 1810 ? Within the last year , however , it , appeared to be reduced to 19,496l . ; and he really thought some explanation was due to the House on a subject where such variations of expence took place.—The next head of expence to which he begged to call their atention , was that of Extraordinary Disbursements to Foreign Ministers . This , doubtless , was a subject of considerable delicacy ; and he might probably be told that it belonged-to the very nature of secret , service money of this sort , that the pur- 717 poses for which it was expended should not be disclosed . He was aware of the force of this reasoning , and that it might be both unjust to individuals and injurious to the interests of the country , to publish in what way these sums were disposed of : but he must be allowed to observe , that a very large sum was annually appropriated out of the supplies , for the purpose of secret service money ; and was it to be borne , that the same sort of expenditure should also be mixed up with the various charges on the Civil List revenue ? He should be most unwilling to examine with rigid severity into these disbursements to Foreign Ministers , particularly where they may have consisted in payments for secret service : but still it would be a fair subject of enquiry for a committee , what receipts and vouchers had been given in to the Treasury ; and still more , why two services had been mixed up together , and secret service money charged on the civil list , while so large an annual sum was appropriated by parliament for that very purpose , But the same reasons of delicacy and danger as to any explanation about secret service money would not extend to the equipage expenses of foreign ministers . It would be necessary for the committee to examine why large sums had been given for the outfit of some ministers who had never gone out to the place of