reversion , and if it were regulated , economy being the object , it would doubtless be abolished . Did the right hon . gentleman mean to say , that he , sitting in his place in that House , was not a practical contradiction of his own assertion ? Another proof might be found in the odious appointment of colonel M ' Mahon to the office of Paymaster of Widows Pensions , the abolition of which had been recommended thirty years ago , and yet there , too , no regulation was to be allowed ; because it was granted in reversion . If the Chancellor of the Exchequer had not the expectancy of lord Arden 's place , it might be investigated , and that was a complete exemplification of what the Chancellor of the Exchequer had denied . It was admitted on all hands , that these grants in reversion were a sort of forestalling of the prerogative of the crown , and no man who wished them to be abolished , had any desire to diminish the prerogative ; the object was to prevent designing ministers from granting favours to their own infants . He trusted , not with standing the specious arguments employed , that the House of Commons , as the representatives of the people , would passa Bill , from which their constituents expected , and would derive such important benefits . He could anticipate no disagreement between the two branches of the legislature upon a subject where the real duty of both was so obvious ; and under these circumstances he felt confident that the Lords would cordially join in a measure , which it was true the Chancellor of the Exchequer said was not important to be done , which the country exclaimed was important to be done , and which the House declared it was important to do . thought , that too much had been conceded by admitting that this was not a measure of economy . He did not give his support to this measure , from any idea that it would at all contribute to diminish the influence of the crown . To him it was quite clear , that the plan of granting places in reversion brought a burden upon the public at least three times greater than could arise from such places , if not given in this manner . The circumstance of bestowing these places sometimes upon persons even in their infancy , could 698 not , in his opinion , when mentioned out of doors , produce any thing but disgust . It was giving rewards where no feeling of gratitude , or sense of duty could exist . He thought such places were a blot upon the policy of the country ; and , upon these grounds , could not refuse his assent to the measure . thought there were two sorts of economy to which the House should attend , economy of public expenditure , and economy of public opinion . The public , he had no doubt , would pay their taxes with much more pleasure , and feel their burdens far lighter , if they were convinced that the public money was honestly and economically disposed of . Parliament was the best judge of what should be in the hands of the crown , and he would protest against any other doctrine . thought that this subject did not draw all its importance from the circumstance of its being a favourite measure with the public . If it were rejected now , it would give a proof of inconsistency on the part of that House , which would not be very creditable to its wisdom . I he right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had said , that it was an object of no great importance , and he certainly was not inclined to dissent , without much hesitation , from any opinion which that right hon . gentleman might express ; but he did not think that the House ought now to reject the measure merely upon the ground that that right hon . gentleman had