of hon . members with regard to the policy of the Spanish cause ; whatever may be the general sentiment on the subject , it always must be a proud sensation to the hearts of the British people , that Spain , goaded by insults , assailed by treachery , and almost overcome by power , found , in the arras of the British nation , a champion for her freedom , an avenger for her insults , and an advocate for her cause . Her armies , it is true , have been repulsed , and still may be again overcome by the better disciplined troops of France ; her ardour may for a moment be appalled by the victories of her enemies ; but , I trust , there can not be found any man able to persuade the British nation , that the Spanish people , formed in the same mould , and sprung from the same stock as those heroes who bled at Saragossa and Gerona , can be traitors to that sacred cause of liberty and independence , which they have so gloriously embraced . But , Sir , we should recollect , that it is not the cause of Spain and Portugal , alone , we are fighting in the peninsula , but the cause of England too . It is not a war merely for the protection of the freedom of the Portuguese ; but it is also a contest for the preservation of the liberties of Englishmen . It was the opinion of many of our most enlightened statesmen , that the battles of England 36 should be fought on a distant land ; nor will you ever sufficiently know the policy of that sentiment , till you have felt the horrors of a contest at home . In Ireland , unfortunately , we have felt them : we speak from experience , and our opinion is positive . The next circumstance which claims the attention of the House is , with regard to the late gallant achievement in India ; we can not but give every praise to the governor-general , lord Minto , for having so ably planned that expedition , which has been so gallantly executed by Sir Samuel Auchmuty , and the array under his command . I am aware there may be a difference of opinion , as to the advantages likely to arise from this capture to Great Britain , but I should conceive there can be no difference of opinion in thinking , that the French nation should not be the possessors of Java . It is a proud feeling to us all , that , notwithstanding the wrecks of ancient governments and ancient systems , by which we are surrounded—notwithstanding the threats of Buonaparté , or his vain boasts of ships , commerce , and colonies , his Royal Highness is able to declare to his parliament this day , to use his own words , 'by the conquest of Java , the colonial powers of France are extinguished in every part of the world . ' With regard to America , it must be with great satisfaction we learn , that the differences which existed between the two nations , concerning the affair of the Chesapeake , have been amicably adjusted ; and let me humbly hope , that this adjustment may be the forerunner of an ultimate , arrangement for that permanent friendship between the two nations , which must equally redound to the benefit of America , as it will to the advantage of Great Britain . Having , in a very cursory manner , attempted to allude to some of our foreign affairs , I feel extremely anxious to call the attention of the House to a subject , which directly interests us more than any . I have yet ventured to submit , I mean with regard to the internal condition of the empire . Notwithstanding the effects of the war , the wealth of England never was more visible than at the present time ; notwithstanding the heavy burthens necessarily imposed upon the people , we find them