the subject is accurate . The right hon . and learned gentleman had ; as I have before stated , contended that the Circular Letter was wrong in asserting , that any person who attended or Voted , or acted at any of the meetings alluded to , were guilty of a misdemeanor , * See Vol . 19 , p. 269 . 568 because he said , in that case any person who attended innocently , without taking any part in the business , or who even attended for the purpose of dispersing the meeting , might be arrested and held to bail . If I am wrong in my recollection upon this subject , if the fight hon . and learned gentleman really did doubt the legality of the proceedings of the Irish government , I should be glad to know how it happened , that he merely contented himself with moving for papers , and that he never brought forward any specific motion against the Irish government for acting illegally ? Was it not most strange and unaccountable , if the right hon . and learned gentleman and his friends on the other side thought that the Irish government had acted illegally upon that occasion , that not one of them had felt it necessary to bring the matter before the House , although it sat for months after the discussion I allude to ? —Sir , I must also observe , that in the long discussions which afterwards took place on the Catholic Petition , throughout the whole of that debate , not a syllable was uttered against the conduct of the Irish government . If the gentlemen opposite thought that the government had acted illegally , surely upon that occasion they would have mentioned it . I attended the House during that debate for the purpose of defending the Irish government , if any attack had been made upon it ; but not one word respecting the illegality of the proceeding was mentioned by any gentleman on the other side of the House . But , Sir , I must mention one more Circumstance , which will put the matter out of all doubt : an hon . gentleman on the other side of the House ( Mr. Hutchinson ) gave notice , last session , of a motion to repeal the Convention act : that hon . gentleman , however , did not bring it forward ; and in stating his reason for not doing so , he praised the Irish government for the lemency of their conduct , and said he was glad to find that they did not mean to enforce that law I felt it my duty to undeceive him I got up and desired that he would not forego his motion on that ground , I told him that the opinion of the Irish government remained unaltered ; and that if the lord lieutenant saw the same reason for putting the few in force that his grate had before seen , he would undoubtedly do so . * Not- * See Vol . 20 , p. 575 . 569 withstanding this declaration on my part , the hon . member did not press his motion . Thus the matter stood at the end of last session . When , therefore , I returned to Ireland , I contend that the Irish government had a right to feel with perfect confidence that their conduct was approved of by this House , not only that they enjoyed such approbation , but that there was no idea entertained by any man in it , that their construction of the law was not a just and correct one . Every man in Ireland was acquainted with what had passed in this House in the last session ; every man knew that the conduct of the Irish government had met with the approbation of parliament , and knew also that the legality of that conduct had not been questioned by a single individual . Under these circumstances , could I possibly have imagined , not only that the legality of that conduct would now have