not wish to use very strong terms while speaking of the dead ; but he , must agree with his hon . and learned friend 396 that it was a scandalous Bill , degrading and ignominious to the Prince , and tending to stigmatise , and dishonour , and vilify , the character of him who was by the course of nature destined to fill the throne . He perfectly agreed with the whole of the statement made last night by his hon . and learned friend , ( Mr . Adam . ) Nothing , in his mind , could be more clear than that statement , which shewed decidedly that what he ( Mr. Sheridan ) had asserted a few nights ago respecting the Message of the Prince in 1803 , and particularly respecting his claims on the duchy of Cornwall , was accurate . The claims of his royal highness on the duchy of Cornwall amounted to more than 700,000l . which was a much greater sum than the total of all demands upon him . But when lord Sidmouth made an arrangement in 1803 , the Prince had submitted to restraints for eight years , and had merely given back to him part of what was his due . It was a fact of which he was quite certain , and he was sure that if he had seen lord Sidmouth previous to this debate , that noble lord would have confirmed his opinion ; for , indeed , he stated the same thing from the very bench on which the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer sat , that the measure then adopted was far from any thing like a compromise . That noble lord stated , that he had made no allusion to any arrears said to be due to the Prince of Wales . The claim to those arrears was fortified by all the greatest legal authorities that could be consulted , and left the question clearly in favour of the rights of the Prince . It was on the 18th of February , that lord Sidmouth , then Mr. Addington , expressed himself to the effect he had stated . It was on the 28th of February that the Prince 's Message came down to the House , in which he relinquished the further prosecution of his suit , stating his reliance upon the affection of the King , and the liberality of parliament , to enable him to discharge those obligations which he had contracted . On the 4th of March an hon . gentleman who was member for Rochester made a motion in that House for an address to the Prince to resume his state , on the very principle of paying off the arrears of his debts : and nobody within those walls then argued on the message of the 28th of February , as compromising or bargaining away his claim . All which would have been impossible , had such a thing as a compromise been 397 understood from the Message . He had , however , no wish that his royal highness should now revive his claims . As to the debts which his royal highness acknowledged , many of them were of a nature binding on him by honour , if not by law . It was proposed to set apart 70,000l . of his present income for their liquidation : but was parliament to be the guarantee ? It was a voluntary trust made by the Prince ; and it was perfectly possible to revoke it . He did not mean to insinuate such a thing as that the Prince would revoke it , for he knew that he was incapable of doing so , and he was quite assured of the punctuality and sacredness with which he would ever regard it : but there was a possible contingency to be looked to , which , though in other respects unfortunately an almost hopeless one , might occur , namely , the recovery of his Majesty 's mental health , and his resumption of the duties of his high station ; which would