administration , which , being originally formed upon a had principle , was afterwards broken , then put together again , endured , and now as the House had that night been told , selected.—He would not be so imposed upon , however others might find it convenient ; and he would maintain his right to state what was his opinion with regard to the conduct of foreign powers.—He thought that both by Great Britain and France America had been most grievously ill-treated ; he scarcely knew by which the worse , but he knew 799 that France had the sooner repeated . He was sorry to confess it , but it was unfortunately true , that the American people , as well as the government , after submitting from hard necessity to insult after insult , were strongly disposed to war , and his wish was , if possible , to avert it.— '' Oh ! impotent attempt ! '' exclaimed the right hon . gentleman . `` Avert war by moving for papers ! '' He admitted that taken abstractedly , it was not likely to produce the effect , but if he had the good fortune to obtain the concurrence of enough of enlightened members who had read those documents , to carry his motion , he should at least shew to America , that notwithstanding the British minister for foreign affairs had so mis-conducted himself , and notwithstanding the instructions sent out to Mr. Foster , the House of Commons in its inquisitorial capacity called for papers , that they might be technically laid before it for their decision upon the conduct of ministers . It was true it might be a short step towards the hand of friendship , but it would be in advance , and it would not be continuing to recede to such a distance as would enable either party to draw the sword of war . On the American Bill , information respecting which had so recently been received in this country , an hon . gentleman had accused him of laying too great a stress . All that he had said was , that it afforded a slight opening for the possibility of conciliation . Great events sometime '' occurred from little causes , and it was not impossible that France might take umbrage at the measure , and that conciliation on the part of Great Britain might improve the impression which that umbrage was calculated to make in America . But with respect to the present disposition and feelings of the American country , he had no hesitation in expressing his decided opinion that they were hostile to this country ; and that , considered without the reference to which he had just alluded , the late measure still more strongly than any other manifested their inclination to war . The origin of the present system had been attributed to those with whom he had been in the habit of generally according in political opinion . But he disclaimed on the part of Mr. Fox—he disclaimed on the part of lord Howick and the administration connected with him , any share in the formation of the existing system . Their blockade was not a paper one , it was a blockade which the law of nations justified , 800 and for which they did not issue orders until they had ascertained the possession of naval means by which it might he enforced . But that was not the enquiry of that night . If the documents which he called for were produced , he would undertake to show that the Americans did not insist on the revocation of the Orders in Council of 1806 . Let America speak for herself on that subject—let not the House take the assertion of her claims from France , but from herself ; and when she spoke , she would say that there was no declaration so preposterous as that cited against her from the mouth of the French minister . He confessed he had been much surprized to hear an hon . gentleman behind , of great learning and research and experience