In the first place he could not agree with the right hon . gentleman , that parliament were making final arrangements as for the Prince 's coming to the throne . They were only making arrangements for the better management of the Household during his Majesty 's indisposition . It was no final arrangement , as for the Prince 's coming to the throne . It would not be dealing fairly with the House to say there was complete and utter despair of the king 's resuming the royal authority . Nothing existed to justify so dark and gloomy a view of the subject . If , therefore , parliament kept in mind the possibility of his Majesty 's recovery , they must also keep in mind the possibility of the Regent 's return to the situation of Prince of Wales . How , therefore , would they be justified , under such circumstances , in breaking down his Exchequer revenue ? With respect to another part of the subject connected with his royal highness , on this as well as on all other questions , wherever there was an alternative , the side which he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) took was always pronounced to be erroneous by the right hon . and hon . gentlemen opposite . They had so pronounced his proposition in the present instance . Had he come down to parliament with that which they now affected to prefer , he had himself not the smallest doubt but they would have been equally alert in their objections , and would have referred to what had passed on a former occasion . He should in that case have been asked by them , whether it was fair again to bring a matter before parliament , which had already been decided upon , and upon which it had given warning to future creditors of his Royal Highness that they would enjoy no legal obligation for the payment of their demands . 360 This , he was persuaded , had he proposed the measure now recommended by the right hon . gentlemen opposite , would have been the ground which they would have taken ; unless , indeed , he had experienced a singular good fortune , of which no precedent existed . He was persuaded , however , and he trusted that the House would think with him , that the mode proposed by the Bill , was the mode most consistent with their duty , both to his Royal Highness , and to the country . It had been asked , if it was intended to constitute two privy purses ? Certainly , it was intended to give his royal highness the Prince Regent a privy purse . To this the right hon . gentleman had no objection . Then as to the charges incurred during the present reign , it surely would not be right to encumber the Regent with them , nor with the , expences of the medical men , which the unhappy state of his Majesty rendered it necessary should be about his person . All these charges would come with propriety out of the 60,000l . allotted to his Majesty for such purposes . Adverting to what had been said by the right hon . gentleman respecting the Princesses , he observed that he had been very much misunderstood on that subject . The right hon . gentleman asserted that he had said , that when the Princesses were in town they would live with the Prince , and that when they were in the country they would live with the Queen . He had said no such thing . When asked if any arrangements had been made on the subject , he had replied that he had received no commands to make any distinct statement upon it to the House ; but that it did appear to him a thing desirable , and that it would appear to parliament desirable , to make some arrangement for that purpose . Deprived of that aid which their royal highnesses had been accustomed to receive from their father , he did