so that there was 1003 some progress made rather towards the exasperation than the cure of the evil ; and , really , experience was here along with theory , for , while the Bill was passing into a law , the spirit of insurrection had extended itself , and tidings had been received that much havoc had been made in the machinery of the woollen manufacture . But was it any wonder that people should be driven to desperation , and in their frenzy destroy the very funds to which they might look for the support of such existence as they might yet enjoy ? He wished gentlemen to consider seriously the facts that had transpired with respect to the population of Liverpool . A committee had been appointed to inquire into the state of the poor in that town , and the result of their inquiries was , that there had been in one month , namely January , 1812 , an increase of from 8,000 to 15,350 . Now , if throughout the whole kingdom , there was a corresponding increase , and if the best , indeed the only remedy which had been devised were a halter , for this kind of engine for appeasing hunger there promised , unfortunately , to be ample employment ; and he was of opinion , that ministers could not be too expeditious in proposing bounties for the growth of hemp ; and if the right hon . gentleman were to make a tour for the purpose of visiting our great manufacturing towns , however ornamental his present escort might be , he was sure that on such an occasion it would be very appropriately changed for a gibbet.—There was another topic on which he could not touch without the deepest regret that so great a scandal should exist . He was much grieved to see the name of the sovereign of the country thrust into the public papers , and made the `` common show and gaze o ' the time . '' He alluded to the Letter which the Prince Regent had been made to address to the lords Grenville and Grey . There was no act which the sovereign could do for which , by the constitution of this country , some adviser or another was not responsible ; and could the practical effects of this safeguard , which the constitution had provided for the subject , be any where more desirable than where the sovereign had been , as it were , trepanned by advice of the most insidious and treacherous nature ? Why , the Prince had been made a sort of go-between to parties , a mediator between factions , a thing quite unheard of heretofore . Many overtures for a coalition had been made from one party to another— 1004 the reign of his present Majesty had been rather fertile in such events , but no one had ever presumed to make his Majesty a go-between on those occasions . But it was natural to anticipate bad advice on this point , from a consideration of the advice which had been given on two occasions before . The first advice which his Royal Highness had received , was to issue a proclamation against the Catholics of Ireland—against a people who had ever evinced the most duteous and strenuous affection towards his Royal Highness . The next unfortunate measure to which he had been counselled , was to select , as a reward for an individual of his household , an office which lay under a parliamentary interdict—an office , for the salary of which parliament had now refused a supply ; and this , as though it were the wish of these sage and modest counsellors to insult the people whom they oppressed ; for it must be obvious that there was , in the ample storehouse of official dignity and emolument at their command , means sufficient to remunerate any services without having recourse to that , the appointment to which had been so properly marked with the stigma of public disapprobation . If his Royal Highness continued to receive advice of