and demanding an answer . To this letter an answer was returned on the 31st of the same month . On the 15th September he wrote again to lord Wellesley , on the subject of the blockade of Elsineur by Sir J. Saumarez , and on the circumstance of four American seamen having been impressed out of the Viola . On Dec. 6 , he received an answer to this letter , as far as it related to the blockade , but saying nothing on the subject of the American sea-men . With respect to them nothing appeared to have been done by government , but they were afterwards released by order of the Admiralty . Nothing had ever excited his surprise so much as the conduct of ministers at this period of the negociation . It was known to the whole world that one of the most nice and difficult points to be adjusted between Great Britain and America , was that relating to the seizure of American seamen . Surely then , when an opportunity offered of doing that which America wished , and which ministers admitted to be no more than justice , it might have been expected that they would eagerly embrace it with a view of conciliating America . This might surely have been expected from a minister , who knew how fatal to this country a rupture with America must prove . This , however , was not done , though , by the bye , Mr. Pinckney was apprised of the circumstance of the American claims being admitted to be just , yet , instead of eagerly embracing such an opportunity to conciliate , an answer was coldly and reluctantly wrung forth , not from the noble secretary of state for the foreign department , —not by letter from him—but practically by the discharge of these men by Sir William 768 Scott , in the high court of Admiralty ; thereby acknowledging the right and justice of the claim urged on the part of America . This was the conciliation of the noble secretary—that he permitted the sentence of a court of justice to give a practical answer to a foreign minister , whom he would not take the trouble of putting pen to paper to satisfy on so interesting a point ! On the 21st day of September , Mr. Pinckney wrote again , referring to his letters of the 30th April , 3d June , and 8th August , on the subject of the Berlin and Milan decrees , and asking an answer . To this no satisfactory answer was given . Letters dated December 8th and December 10th were written , and these leading to no satisfactory result ; Mr. Pinckney demanded his audience of leave . A passage in the speech of the Prince Regent to parliament , which appeared at a period not very remote from that last alluded to , on the subject of America , raised new hopes of an amicable termination of the pending negociations . The paragraph , though in itself very equivocal , merely stating that discussions were going on , and that every disposition existed to conciliate America , consistently with the honour and interests of this country , excited considerable expectations that the negociation was proceeding in a way from which there was every reason to hope the issue would be favourable . No such thing . At that time Mr. Pinckney had demanded his audience of leave , and the negociations in America were at an end . The negociations had at that period terminated , and they were resumed , and not continued , when Mr. Foster was sent from this country . After this , little appeared to have been done towards effecting the important object which both governments professed to have in view , from the correspondence between Mr. Foster and the American government , which was then on the table before him . It had been hoped when Mr. Foster was sent out , that he had new instructions , but on his arrival in America , it was found that he only went to offer