then carry the manufactures of France , and all the colonial produce , to the different ports of Europe ; while England would be excluded from ail participation in a commerce which she would thus provide for her enemy . We should then too behold , instead of a correction of frauds and perjuries , all those neutralizing gentlemen in our Admiralty courts again , who had realized such large fortunes on former occasions , and under the operation of a different system . The plan of the Orders in Council had not been adopted from any hasty suggestions , or any sudden start of policy ; a body of the most respectable merchants had attended the Board of Trade for the purposes of consultation ; and most of the cabinet ministers had been present . The trade of this country had continued to prosper under their operation until last year , when it suffered in consequence of the adoption of measures on the part of the enemy , which , he believed , had never been made use of by one nation towards another . The consequence of this unprecedented line of conduct was now recoiling on themselves . In cases of an ordinary description , it did not afford much consolation to one country , under circumstances of distress , to be satisfied that another 1125 country was placed in a similar situation ; but in this instance there was a satisfaction in knowing that those measures which the enemy had recourse to , for the purpose of inflicting an injury on us , were acting with increased force against himself . He could make it appear , from a reference to official documents , that the revenue of France had suffered considerably by those very measures . In 1807 , the amount of the French customs was 2,400,000l . sterling ; in 1808 , after the issuing of the Orders in Council , it had decreased 740,000l . ; and , in 1809 , 460,000l . more , notwithstanding a great increase which had been made in several of the duties . In 1810 , it had again risen to 2,000,000l . ; but this augmentation arose from the proceeds of the vessels seized in the Baltic ; it had resulted from the robberies committed on individuals . The discounts of the French bank , in the year 1810 , were 30,000,000l ; in 1811 , they had fallen to 16,000,000l . ; the profits in the former year were 10,000l . ; in the latter , they were only 4,500l . It was thus apparent , that the profits of the French bank were reduced to so small a sum , that there was scarcely a bank in England , conducted by private individuals , which did not divide as much . These statements were derived from authentic documents , and from the same documents it appeared also , that the French manufactures exported in 1810 amounted to fifty-four millions sterling , with a population of thirty millions ; while we , with a population of only twelve millions , exported , in the same year , to the amount of fifty-six millions sterling . Had it not been for these Orders in Council , however , now so much decried , we should have been counteracted every where—they had been and still-were our only protection . He would ask , in reply to the hon . and learned gentleman who had so strongly condemned the licence trade , as employing foreign seamen and vessels , and which he described as proceeding from the Orders in Council , in what manner our trade was to be carried on ? It would be , in his opinion , a deplorable trial for oar manufacturers were we to suspend all trade , all commerce , while we were endeavouring and contending for the admission of British ships into the ports of the continent . Considering , therefore , as be did , the Orders in Council to be a measure of sound policy , and manifest utility to the country , he should conclude with expressing his anxious