. The Resolution recommended the abolition of all offices which produced revenue without employment , and the regulation of those where the revenue and employment were disproportionate , with the exception of certain officers in attendance on the king , and having a respect for the situation of persons at present interested therein . The reports both of the Commissioners of 1783 , and of 1808 , recommended the abolition of the two offices of Paymaster and deputy Paymaster of Widows Pensions , as being unnecessary , the one having very little to do , the other nothing at all . The office of Paymaster had in particular been recommended to be done away on the demise of general Fox . Now , what had been done by ministers when that event took place ? Why , at a time when the House was not sitting , and parliament had no opportunity of addressing the Prince Regent on the subject , they had advised it to be given to colonel M'Mahon ? But then , said the Chancellor of the Exchequer , it was distinctly communicated to him , that he was to hold it subject to any future act of parliament . What was there in this ? why , colonel M'Mahon held his own private estate subject to any future act of parliament . That he must so hold his sinecure was known to him before , and his having been told so then , only proved that they were conscious they were flying in the teeth of those principles which had been recognized by the House and its Commissioners . It had been said that it was not granted to general Fox for life , any more than to colonel M'Mahon ; but if they turned to the report of 1783 , they would see that no reason had been given for not immediately abolishing it , but that it was then held by general Fox . If , then , they had acted consistently with that recommendation , on his death it would have been abolished . That the grant of it to colonel M'Mahon did not prevent its being subject to a future act of parliament , was certain , but it threw an obstacle in the way of its abolition , and on this ground he could not but object to the appointment ; With respect to what had been said on the subject of making an hon . gentleman a Master of Chancery , he could have wished it spared , and he regretted that his hon . friend had not confined himself to the appointments to offices which were purely sinecures . He censured the grant of Cashier of the Excise to aright hon . baronet , 120 at a time when the Committee were debating on the expediency of its being abolished . He could not but condemn that conduct which threw an impediment in the way of relieving the public from the intolerable weight of sinecures ; and , with the exception he had mentioned , fully concurred in the observations made by his hon . friend . When he considered what pains government had taken to fly in the face of the Resolutions of that House , he thought it extremely proper for them to pause before they granted the supplies . observed , that the last speaker had wished one of the late appointments had not been noticed , and he also could have wished that one bad been omitted—that of the Clerk of the Council . That office was not a new grant . It had been given to the hon . gentleman 25 years ago , and he had succeeded to it by the death of its late holder , instead of obtaining it by a new grant . Perhaps the hon . gentleman was not aware that a new writ had that day been moved for in the room of that gentleman , on account of his receiving that office . He was surprised to hear the last speaker say that the communication made to colonel M'Mahon on his appointment , only proved that government