That religious opinion may be a proper qualification , should not be brought into discussion ; otherwise it may be necessary to defend the propriety of requiring the sovereign himself to be Protestant ; —but the true point to be discussed ( from which ground the advocates of the Catholics should not be suffered to shift the question ) , is this , the necessity and safety of making the change , and which can only be established by some great change of circumstances . What , then , is this great change ? —Has the Roman Catholic religion changed its tendency and its great leading characters ? —Invidious imputations against that religion , ( which can only produce irritation , where mutual kindness is so desirable , ) should be carefully avoided . Whether the principles of a dispensing and a deposing power , and of keeping faith with heretics , now or ever did exist , need not be discussed . How far the abuse of such a pretension might take place to mislead the low and ignorant , may be one question 506 but against the enlightened Catholic , against the higher orders of that persuasion , the imputation of such principles must be unfounded . Particular tenets of the religion , such as transubstantiation , the worship of the . Virgin , and the like , are still less material in considering this question , which is to be , examined in a political , and not in a religious point of view . But the political tendency of the religion to arbitrary power and intolerance , and its leading characters , namely , the dominion of the priesthood over the flock , and the authority of the pope over the priesthood ; are these qualities changed ? —and while they exist , can these claims be safely admitted ? What is this power of the pope ? an authority of the most extensive kind , vested in a foreigner , not under the controul of the state ; and that foreigner ( whatever be the character of the individual who , at present , fills the station ) must be , as long as Europe remains in its present condition , a mere instrument in the hands of France . The influence of the priesthood over the flock , is also nearly without limit ; it is not confined to religious instruction , but extends itself into all their civil , their social , and their domestic concerns . The tendency of such an influence , under such an authority , has shewn itself in all past times . The existence of dangers from these circumstances has been so repeatedly admitted by the best friends of the Catholic cause , that it seems unnecessary to enter into a discussion of it . By the best friends of the Catholics are meant , not those who are endeavouring to mislead and inflame them for views of their own , but those respectable members of the two Houses of Parliament , who , at different times , have brought forward and supported their petitions . They have been sensible of these dangers , and have distinctly , and repeatedly admitted their existence . A short passage or two from the celebrated letter of a noble lord ( Grenville ) intitled to high respect , the Chancellor of the University of Oxford , will serve to prove the assertion . `` With the just and salutary extension of civil rights to your body , must be combined , if tranquillity and union be our object , other extensive and , complicated arrangements—all due provision must be made for the inviolable maintenance of the religious and civil establishments of the united kingdom : such at 507 least has always been my own declared opinions . `` — '' Among these measures I pointed out the proposal of vesting in the crown an effectual negative on the appointment of your bishops . That suggestion had previously been brought forward in the House of Commons to meet the just expectations , not of any bigotted or interested champions of intolerance ,