of justice , or of common sense or feeling . It depended on the humour , or caprice , of the person with whom the power was entrusted . It would be absurd to doubt the illegality of such proceedings . Nothing could be legal which was not defined . How this power had been used , he should not now inquire . It was sufficient for him at present to say , that more informations of this kind had been filed within the last two or three years than in all the period before , since the Revolution , It was impossible not to see , that , in the exercise of this arbitrary discretion , great partiality must take place ; that some persons were called up for judgment and others not . In one recent case , he alluded to that of White , for a libel , even the judge had gone the length of anticipating condemnation , before the jury had given their verdict . When the House saw these things ; when they saw , that , in virtue of these criminal informations , many persons had , in the most arbitrary and unjust manner , been sent to distant jails , must they not be convinced that the liberty of the press , one of the grandest bulwarks of the freedom of these kingdoms , was in the utmost danger of being annihilated ? When they saw the conductors of the press held to bail , time after time , at the pleasure of the person entrusted with the power of filing these criminal informations , must 24 they not be surprized that the press was at all free ? This the hon . baronet conceived was another great grievance ; and he felt surprized that the persons connected with the press were not terrified into complete silence , after the terrible examples they had seen . Even in case of acquittal , the punishment , in the way of costs , was severe . For though by law they would have been free from any farther expence , in the event of the Bill not being found , yet , by this mode of proceeding by criminal information , they were obliged to give bail , to renew it from time to time , and to proceed till they obtained a verdict of acquittal ; so much so , that the costs of obtaining the verdict of acquittal amounted of themselves to a most severe punishment . From the crown no costs could be obtained . He confessed he saw no ground for any such rule ; but , if the crown would carry on unjust prosecutions , particularly if the Attorney General would file groundless ex-officio informations , he thought that the party accused was well entitled to his costs . If such an officer was necessary , an an ex-officio filer of informations , he was also of opinion that there was more , or at least equal ground for making his an office for life , as that a judge should be for life . Some of the sentences recently imposed , too , operated most unjustly ; as for instance , in the cases of White and Hart , where Hart was sentenced to the same period of imprisonment with White , although Hart was only the servant . There was this additional hardship too , in Hart 's case , as he understood it , that he was even deprived the use of small beer , and was confined to the common jail allowance of water . The hon . baronet contended that the unnecessary severity of a government never failed to brutalize the people ; and when that was produced , it would be found a never-failing observation , that the conduct of the government was at the bottom of it . The education of a nation consisted not in teaching the people to read and write , though those were advantages which he was far from undervaluing , and which he heartily wished to see afforded to all ; but still he must say ,