consider what was the value of the acquisition . `` No , '' said the Chancellor of the Exchequer again , `` you must not inquire whether it is worth the many precious lives it has cost ? Whether we can quit it without leaving the natives 138 to certain destruction ? or whether certain destruction will not attend our troops if they remain ? '' These inquiries Were to be passed over ; inquiries which he would like to have answered by some of the East-India Directors , who , by some unlucky accident , on a question in which they were peculiarly concerned , were all absent from the House : Why , if the conquest was worth the blood it had cost , were they backward in giving their share of applause ? —There were no terms of approbation too strong as applied to sir Samuel Auchmuty , for his skill and intrepidity , because he had been compelled to engaged in a project , than which it was confessed none was more hazardous ; and at one time he had no choice between adventurous fortitude and a disgraceful retreat : either Fort Cornelis must be taken by storm , or the expedition relinquished ; for a regular siege would have destroyed our army . The right hon . gent . over the way would not deny , that before the storming of Fort Cornelis was determined upon , it had been in agitation whether the British troops should not abandon a project , the success of which was almost visionary , and the reward , if the object were attained , but a name . Why was it necessary that lord Minto should accompany the armament ? He had a rooted dislike to any civil controul being exercised over an army or navy . It savoured too much of the French revolution , where a deputy from the Convention always accompanied the troops—not to share the danger , but to participate in the glory.—He wished to speak with every respect of lord Minto—for personal respect he felt—but he could not but recollect something of his conduct in Corsica . towards the much lamented sir John Moore ; which , if it had succeeded in influencing that highly valuable officer , would have rendered him a proscribed man over the face of the earth . The right hon . gent . concluded by saying , that he must be informed of the essential necessity of lord Minto 's leaving the seat of government to superintend the operations of the expedition ; and till he had official proof of the great merit and value of his personal attendance he could not , though it might appear invidious , concur in the pompous and elaborate panegyric which had been framed on the wisdom and vigour of that noble lord 's system of operations . observed , that he had taken a far different view of the subject from 139 the right hon . gentleman , and hoped to convince the House , notwithstanding the plausibility of what had been just slated , that lord Minto fully deserved the compliment proposed to be paid to him . After professing that , in a question of this kind , he dismissed all party feelings , he admitted that it was extremely fit to inquire , whether the object that was to be attained , namely , the dislodgment of the enemy front a post where he might greatly annoy our trade , was or was not worthy the means employed and the expence incurred ; but he denied that those inquiries should extend to the question , whether it was wise or impolitic to retain possession of the island thus acquired ? No man , he believed , would doubt that it was extremely desirable that the French should be driven from a situation where they possessed such extensive means of annoyance to our trade in the Indian seas , especially when it was recollected that of late years particularly , the employment of this station against Great Britain had been made so important an object with the French government .