a very considerable expence . It was acknowledged that enormous abuses existed in the present system , and he took it for granted that those abuses might be traced to ministers themselves . It appeared to him highly desirable that the House should be put in possession of all that information for which he had called , and he should therefore certainly move that that part of the order which had been rescinded should be reinstated in the order . If this was not done , if magistrates were not called upon to shew what were their qualifications , when an enquiry into the state of the police was instituted , how could that House pretend to look into the conduct of public officers ? How could it be done , if they were not to be called upon , lest their answers should criminate themselves ? With a similar feeling , it had formerly been said , that lord Melville ought not to be called upon to account for the money which he had held in trust for the public . To him it appeared very important that the House should know whether the persons appointed 484 by ministers to fill important situations , were or were not such as they ought to be , according to their own act of parliament . If this information were withheld , what might not be the evil effects of such conduct on those who now held situations of authority ? When it was asserted that magistrates ought not to be called upon to state their qualifications , lest their answers should criminate themselves , how , he would ask , had those magistrates conducted themselves on a late occasion ? Had their conduct been regulated by such principle as that which it was contended , with a reference to them , ought to be constantly kept in view ? What had they been doing in the late examinations which had taken place of persons who were supposed to have been concerned in the murder of Mr. Marr 's family ? What had they been doing , but endeavouring to make men , whom they had ever so little reason to suspect , say that which might criminate themselves ? This inquisitorial power they had been in the habit of exercising daily , and what right had they to inflict the punishment which they had inflicted on persons brought before them ? What was now the situation of that unfortunate person who was in confinement on suspicion of being concerned in the late murders , Alblas ? What was he kept for ? Why was he put in chains , immured in a dungeon , and called upon every day to criminate himself ? It was stated in the daily prints , that the only circumstance against him was , his inability to account for a quarter of an hour of his time the night on which one of the murders was committed . He would not pretend to say , that the severity of those measures was not in some degree justified by the horrid atrocities that had been committed , but when the persons so used were found innocent , he thought it was but justice that some remuneration should have been given for the severities they had endured . The power which enabled a magistrate to act in this manner was too great not to be an object of much public jealousy ; if abused , the abuse should not be suffered to continue ; and to know that the qualifications which conferred such power were always found in the person who possessed them , was the object to which his order was directed . He would , therefore , move that that part of his order should be reinstated which had been rescinded on last Wednesday ; namely , `` That there be laid before this House , a return stating where 485 the qualifications of the Police Magistrates , under the Act 32 Geo . 3 , c. 53 , or under any subsequent act , are , and what they are . '' assured the hon