; but he could not suffer the present opportunity to go by without declaring , that the tax by which this revenue was raised was almost an intolerable grievance to the unfortunate inhabitants of those islands who were obliged to pay it . It was besides a grievance the more severe , seeing that the other islands were exempted from the payment thereof ; and it unquestionably had the worst influence on the prosperity and happiness of those islands . On this part of the subject he would not now speak at large , as an hon . friend of his , the member for Thetford ( Mr. Creevey ) had given notice of a motion relative there to.—Nor should he go at length into the nature of the fund formed by the surplus of the Scotch revenue , seeing that another hon friend of his had notified his intention of bringing it specifically before parliament . In the third Report of the Finance Committee , * this surplus was stated to be on an average , 86,000l . per annum . These united funds , which , in their nature , were annuities , amounting in the whole to not less than 180,000l . were , or were alleged to be , the sole and exclusive property of the crown.—The last great capital attached to the king , and which was the peculiar object of the present motion , was that which was under the name of the Droits of the Crown , and Droits of the King , as lord high admiral of England . The fund arising from those alleged droits was vested in the crown , because for the last century the station of lord high admiral was not conferred away from it . All sums arising from wreck and goods of pirates helped to swell this fund ; but the great bulk of it arose from prizes . All ships detained previously to a declaration of war ; all coming into port * For the Report , see vol . 11 , Appendix , p. cxxxiv . 244 from ignorance of hostilities between this and other countries ; all taken before the issuing of proclamation , and those taken by non-commissioned captors , were sold ; and the profits arising from their sequestration composed what was vulgarly called the Droits of Admiralty . It appeared by the last returns laid before the House on the 30th of May 1810 , that no less a sum than 7,344,677l . had been paid in to the Registrar of the high court of Admiralty since the year 1793 . Subsequent to the 30th of May 1810 , there was every reason to believe that a considerable increase must have taken place , and he was confident he should not exceed the actual net proceed of the fund , if he stated it in round numbers at eight million sterling . Thus , then it appeared that the crown was receiving an annual revenue of more than 180,000l . and a capital said to be vested in the crown , ascending to the enormous sum of eight millions . The questions , therefore , for the House to decide were these : Whether by law , the crown was separately possessed of these funds ? And supposing that by law the crown was so separately possessed of them , whether it was safe for the constitution that such a law should remain in force any longer ? The hon . and learned gentleman next observed , that those who maintained the affirmative of the first proposition , would have a task of no ordinary difficulty to perform . It was a thing highly dangerous , and he would say highly unconstitutional , that funds of such enormous amount , as those to which he had alluded , should be at the disposal of the crown , without any act of parliament , authorising such disposal . They were funds wholly appropriated to , the crown ; the crown possessed them , and no one was accountable for their application . No limit whatever was imposed upon the uses to