so far as relates to the bills of Tradesmen in the Department of the Lord Chamberlain , specifying the different heads of expence under which the same have been paid , and also the particular service to which applicable , where the amount has exceeded 500l . ; distinguishing each year , from the 5th of July 1804 to the 5th of July 1811 . '' said , as it was his wish that the Bill should be committed on Friday , it was desirable that the second reading might be as near to the going through a Committee as possible ; and for that purpose he moved that the second reading should be on Thursday . He had not the smallest objection to communicate to the House whatever 227 information might be judged requisite ; and adverting to the papers specified by the right hon . gentleman , he could see no objection to the production of them ; but he hoped that that right hon . gentleman would agree to raise the sums on which he wished much information in the department under the Lord Chamberlain to 500l . because he was himself satisfied that the excess had arisen on sums of a much larger description , though if it should be found that this was not sufficient , more detailed information would be afforded . He was not prepared to account for the excess of the subsequent years over the estimate , and particularly of the year immediately succeeding ; but he thought that it might partly be accounted for from an impossibility of suddenly reducing , after knowing the determination , a number of expences which had previously exceeded the estimate . This was a sort of justification for the expenditure of the year following the estimate , and accordingly it would be found that year greatly exceeded the subsequent year . The salaries of foreign ministers had been diminished , from the number of missions to which an end had been put ; but the extraordinary circumstances attending several of these missions of late years , would sufficiently justify , he trusted , an inquiry into the additional expence on that account . The papers moved for were ordered , and the second reading of the Bill was fixed for Thursday . moved , `` That a sum not exceeding 100,000l . be granted to his Majesty , for making provision for defraying the Expences incurred in consequence of the Assumption of the personal exercise of the Royal Authority , by his royal highness the Prince Regent in the name and on the behalf of his Majesty . '' said , that although he felt it personally unpleasant to make any remark on the present grant , yet the broad duty which he owed , to the public was imperious , and he would discharge it . The Prince Regent had now executed the functions of Regent for twelvemonths , and when all the expences attendant on the assumption of that office had been over , 228 the minister came forward with his outfit for the Regency . Every man must feel that the Prince Regent had been at great expences for the purpose alluded to ; and it was , he was confident , in the recollection of every one , that the Prince had with that delicacy which was one of the characteristics of his mind , and with a proper feeling for the burthened state of the people , refused to accept a sum of money last year . How , therefore , could the minister now , ask the House to vote this outfit ; particularly when he mentioned no distinct appropriation of it—when he rather stated it as a boon or a grant which had no precedent in our history ? No such outfit was ever voted by the parliament of England on the assumption of the monarchy ; and although he was most heartily disposed to vote any sum which would be appropriated to the meeting of the expences which the Prince Regent had already been at , yet he was anxious to guard against the recognition of such