saints , or other mysterious points of the Popish faith . But why did he not go into them ? Because he in effect took them for granted ; and argued from them without submitting to the inconvenience of proving them . I am sure I can not undertake to follow my right hon . and learned friend , for the purpose of either confuting or confirming his construction of the objectionable tenets of the Romish church ; nor does it appear to me necessary or useful to enter into that disquisition . It would be better suited to a convocation of divines , than to an assembly of legislators . When the legislature selected those points—transubstantiation , and the like—as tests , and as the foundations of their provisions against the admission of Papists into the state , it was surely not in the spirit of religious con- 523 troversy , —not as intending to dispute with priests and bishops upon the mysteries of their faith . It was not intended by those who originated the Catholic disqualifications , to decide on abstract points of theology . They took these articles of religious creed , as the signs of political opinion ; as the distinguishing characteristics of a faction in the state , acting under a foreign influence , connected with a banished dynasty , and hostile to the government and the constitution of their country . They Were the marks by which the criminal was designated , not the crime for which he was punished . In tracing the history of the penal laws , and of the long sufferings of Ireland , some gentlemen are fond of going back to remote and almost forgotten periods ; to periods when Ireland was treated as a conquered country ; and groaned under all those injuries and oppressions which grew not out of religious schism , but out of political and military subjugation . I do not think it necessary to go so far back either to recount the wrongs of Ireland , or to suggest the remedy for them . As reasonable would it be to refer to the Norman conquest for grievances applicable to this country , and to complain at this time of the tyranny of the curfew . But part of the way I must go back , to find the origin and object of the restrictions now under consideration : —I must go back as far as the Reformation . Blessed as that great event was in its general consequences to mankind , and eminently so to this country , by purifying religion of the gross corruptions and abuses which had been engrafted upon it , and introducing among us that enlightened and rational system of religious worship which we now happily enjoy : yet , like all great and violent changes in the state of human affairs , it was not productive of unmixed good , but brought with it a portion of inevitable evil . It strengthened the religious principle ; but it weakened throughout Europe for a time the principle of patriotism ; in some cases superseding it , in others coming in conflict with it . The sects into which the nations of Europe were divided by this event , were influenced by the zeal of religious controversy , more than by the love of country . The attachment of Catholics and Protestants to their respective persuasions , was often too strong for those ties of duty and affection which bind men to their native clime . In Germany the reformed religion had to 524 struggle against Catholic supremacy . In this country , where the doctrines of the reformation early prevailed , the Catholics continued to feel a community of interest with the Catholics of other nations , outweighing that which connected them with their Protestant fellow-subjects , the children of the same soil . Under these circumstances , it might perhaps be necessary for the safety of the state , that the dominant sect should place the others under restrictions and disqualifications , which should exclude them from all share in the government , and from all influence ,