be dispossessed of it , and proposed , as soon as the troops should return from the Mauritius , to employ them in this service . For this new enter prize he was then preparing , and he trusted that instructions to attempt it would arrive before the expedition was ready to sail . Instructions were received from this country , in April . It was afterwards apprehended that the season was too far advanced for it to be made at that time . Considerable naval difficulties had seemed to oppose themselves to the undertaking , and here peculiar credit was due to lord Minto . He had made such examinations with respect to the course of navigation to be pursued , as greatly forwarded the object in view . From the ordinary course of navigation in those seas , considerable obstructions were to be feared . These were so very great , that the officer to whom the naval part of the expedition was to be trusted , expressed considerable apprehensions on that head . These , however , were completely dissipated when the plan which lord Minto had formed was explained . Admiral Drury died in March , and the command in consequence devolved upon commodore Broughton . The whole force sailed on the 31st July , under the directions of rear-admiral Stopford . The governor general in person accompanied this expedition , in order to make such inquiries and form such arrangements as were likely to be conducive to the ends for which the conquest was undertaken The landing was effected at a plans called Chillchilling , situate about 134 12 miles east of the city , on the 4th of August . Some difficulties , it was apprehended , would be thrown in the way of the army 's progress , by the city of Batavia . This , however , was not done , as the French evacuated it at the approach of the English army , and it was taken possession of by the invader '' on the 9th of August . The enemy had retired to a strong position , which they had previously prepared , about two miles in advance of their works , at Fort Cornelis . Their position was defended by an abattis , occupied by 3,000 of their best troops , and four guns of horse-artillery . There they were attacked by colonel Gillespie , who had so greatly distinguished himself throughout the operations , with the greatest gallantry , and compelled to retire , leaving behind them 500 dead . It was here stated by the gallant general who commanded , that though thus far successful beyond expectation , the difficulties of the enterprize were not yet surmounted : the enemy , greatly superior in numbers , was strongly entrenched in a position between the great river Jacatra , and the Sloken , an artificial water-course , neither of which were fordable . This position was shut up by a deep trench , strongly pallisaded . Seven redoubts , and many batteries , mounted with heavy cannon , occupied the most commanding grounds within the lines . The fort of Cornelis was in the centre , and the whole of the works was defended by a numerous and well organised artillery . The season was too far advanced , the heat too violent , and our numbers insufficient , to admit of regular approaches . To carry the works by assault was the alternative , and on that he decided , The situation in which the enemy presented himself was such , that to different officers , and to different men , it would have furnished an obstacle sufficiently formidable to prevent any farther advance . The general knew the officers and the men he had to command , and determined on an assault . On this occasion colonel Gillespie led the attack with such spirit , that the enemy flew before him as if they had no means of resistance . The whole of the business was conducted in the ablest manner , and while the loss of the enemy was very severe , ours was remarkably