jealousy exist in the House with respect to any particular points , it would then become a different question , namely , whether that inquiry ought not rather to take place hereafter , than interrupt the important business in hand . Although on a general view of the civil list , it might appear completely satisfactory , that no greater sum was required than that which was sufficient to defray the expences of the household , there might be some points requiring subsequent detailed information . He would call in aid 355 of his argument , an observation made by the hon . gentleman himself , who entertained such a distrust of all estimates of the civil list , that he apprehended his royal highness the Prince Regent , by taking it at 50,000l . less than that which his royal father had received , would take it in a state insufficient to meet the charges to which it would be liable . This might be a very reasonable apprehension , but if so , there could be no reason in the apprehension that the grants proposed in the bill were too extensive , and demanded a previous inquiry . With regard to the observations on the expences in the Lord Steward 's department ; although those expences had unquestionably increased considerably at the period alluded to , it was almost certain , that in the estimate , the existing expenditure of the year in which it was taken , had been only partially considered . Much had also been said of the grants to Foreign Ministers . The right hon . gentleman who opened the debate , had said , generally , that a great number of those sums ought to be explained , but had not stated any particular item . The hon . gentleman , however , who had last spoken , had particularised several sums , which appeared to him objectionable on the face of them , and required explanation . The first thing which seemed to strike the hon . gentleman with surprise on this subject was , that when the number of missions at different courts were lessened , the expences should be increased . The House would observe , however , that there was no increase in the salaries . On the contrary , in the salaries there was a considerable diminution . But the hon . gentleman and the House ought to know ( and in saying this , he went a great way towards giving the explanation required ) , that in the state in which things were on the continent , it would not be wise in many cases to send missions on an established salary . The duration of those missions was not likely to be long . In preference , therefore , it was advisable to send special missions ; but the expences of these missions were defrayed in a very different manner from the others . The hon . gentleman declared , that an explanation on this subject was due to marquis Wellesley , who , by a misconception , he stated , had received the expences described in the papers over and above his salary . It was no such thing . The noble marquis had not received a farthing 356 of salary on account of his mission to Cadiz . He had not received a farthing as a remuneration for his services . But the hon . gentleman characterised the expences as large , and seemed to think they were disproportioned to the length of the service by which they had been incurred . Now , it was very evident that the expences of a person going to any place in the character of an ambassador for a short time , must be much greater in pros-portion than the expences of a person going to any place in the character of an ambassador for a long period . The hon . gentleman also declared , that a debt of explanation was due to sir Sydney Smith . The House had already heard an explanation on that subject , and amply sufficient it was . They