personage on whose behalf this bill was introduced , as well as to enforce the absolute necessity of maintaining two distinct courts , but as yet he had heard nothing from either , side of the House regarding another royal personage , who , in the event of a demise of the crown , would be raised to the dignity of Queen of Great Britain . He did not wish to press this subject upon the House , as he felt sure that it need only be hinted at , in order that its , importance should be felt and acknowledged . The truth was , that all the solicitude for what was called dignity , had been misnamed , and that it resolved itself upon due examination into an attempt to support a separate influence ; since 21 officers were appointed , who either filled , or might occupy , seats in the legislature . If it were true , that fewer attendants upon the person administering the regal power were requisite , they ought to be diminished , and those officers who were removed from the Prince might be appointed to attend upon the King ; but here the attempt was far different , for although twenty-one of the old servants of the crown were removed , their places were to be supplied by new appointments to the same extent , the only effect of which would be , that the influence of the Queen was augmented , but no addition was made to the dignity of the King . The remote possibility of the ultimate recovery of his Majesty , although now as well as last year , his speedy restoration had been so sanguinely expected and prophesied by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , could in no way justify any such establishment . It appeared by records , which it was not necessary to quote , that the House had never yet voted so large a sum as that now required , in aid of the civil list , without formal preliminary inquiry , and yet ministers , at a time when the vote of every shilling ought to be most severely scrutinized , ventured to make this most unconstitutional demand.—With respect to the formation of a distinct court , over which the Queen was to preside , no investigation could remove his objection : but into the voluminous documents laid upon the table , he could not imagine that a more proper time than the present could be found for investiga- 388 tion , and it was wholly unbecoming in the House to refuse examination into the comparative small amounts they contained , when the great demands for the ser vice of the state were met by the people with such confidential readiness . He warned the right hon . gentleman of the consequences of a refusal , and set be fore him , as an example , the precedent of the year 1804. allowed that enquiry ought to take place , as broad a one as possible , but not such as to impede the progress of the bill . In opposition to the statement of the hon . and learned gentleman , he contended that great grants had frequently been made to the civil list , without any enquiry whatever ; and he instanced cases in the reigns of Queen Anne and George 1 , and 2 , in proof of his assertion . The hon . and learned gentleman said that George 2 did not lay out the surplus of his revenue in the purchase of freehold and copyhold estates . What sovereign had ever done so in this country ? None . He asserted positively , that no sovereign had ever laid out a shilling of the civil list revenue in that way . It was impossible that he should do so . His present Majesty had waived the various revenues of his predecessor , and had accepted a specific sum of 800,000l . ; being 20,000l . less than the revenue of George 2 . He entered into a statement of the further parliamentary grants that had been made to