said , that the presence of the hon . Secretary to the Admiralty might be dispensed with , as the first lord and another lord were there to give the House any information it might want on naval subjects . The sum of all was , that ministers had not only ill-advised their Prince , but had treated with studied contempt the resolutions of that House . repeated what had been previously stated , that the grant of the situation of Clerk of the Council was not a grant of the present day . With respect to the appointment of colonel M'Mahon , he could not discover that the arguments of the first speaker had been at all advanced by those who followed on the opposite side . As to the question which the hon . gent . had asked , What inconvenience could be expected to arise from the situation of Paymaster of the Widows ' Pensions being left vacant till the meeting of parliament ? He certainly could not take upon himself to say that inconvenience was to be apprehended . He would however , answer that question , by asking the hon . gent . another : What inconvenience could be anticipated from its being given as it had been given , leaving it open to parliament ' to abolish , to regulate , 124 or to mollify it , as might to them appear proper ? replied , that the objection was , that the appointment recognised a principle which he regarded as highly dangerous and reprehensible , that of bestowing public money without adequate service for it . professed himself to be one whose opinion it was that public services should be rewarded by places and sinecures ; he did not wish to see government abolish all sinecure appointments until a sufficient sum was provided in order to remunerate those who would be thus dispossessed of what they now held . rose and said , that notwithstanding what he had heard that night , with respect to originating motions without notice , he would assert the right which every member of parliament possessed of doing so ; and would , therefore , proceed to address a few observations to the chair , on a notice which he was about to give . It was now the 13th year since the enactment of the legislative union between Great Britain and Ireland . It would be in the recollection of the members of that House , that at the time of the passing of that act , it was carried , in consequence—in direct consequence—of promises made on the part of the government of England , by persons in the highest stations , and with the sanction of the highest authority— I conceive that the hon . member is not proceeding in a right course . I should like to know whether the hon . member is making a motion , or giving a notice . I do not wish , at this hour , to detain the House many minutes ; but I insist on the right which every member possesses of originating a motion without the least notice , if he should so please . Then , if the hon . gent . will insist on his privilege , it is right that that privilege should be ascertained . No member can make a motion , without the permission of the House , after five o'clock , if the regular orders of the day have been disposed of . The right hon . gent . is right . If the orders of the day are disposed of , no member has a right to make a motion without the permission of the House . It was not my intention to state my objections at large against the continuance of the legislative union : I merely claimed my right as a member of parliament ; but I see that as soon as one word on the subject of Ireland or the Union is said , no indulgence from the right hon . gent . is to be expected . I ask no indulgence from him ;