, and return to that more wholesome policy from which in an evil hour we departed . And here I wish to call the attention of the House to a subject of great importance , namely , the licencing system . In 1807 , the number of licences granted amounted only to 1,600 ; and in 1810 , it appears that they amounted to no less than above ten times that number , to upwards of 18,000 . Having shewn the amount of this traffic in licences , it is easy to see how much of the whole commerce of the country is carried on under this system . Let us next inquire what are the effects produced by this licensing system on the enemy , on neutrals , and on ourselves . What are its effects on the enemy ? Why , it at once gives up to him all that remains of the principles of the Orders in Council ; because if the principle is to Be relaxed ad libitum , if those who apply for licences , if every man who wishes to trade with France and Holland , has only to go over to the right hon . gentleman to attain his object , what , I will ask , is to become of the blockade of 1809 ? The relaxation , therefore , I contend , eats up and destroys the very system itself ; and we are now carrying on a trade which is open to the enemy , but shut to all neutrals , except those who choose to be partakers of the licensing system . I ask , therefore , if it is consistent with the policy of this country , which has always aimed at engrossing the carrying trade of the world , endeavouring by every means to increase our own marine , and taking all methods to prevent the increase of that of France ; is it consistent , I ask , with this policy , that we should hold out every encouragement for the increase of the shipping of those neutrals who are under the dominion of France , or under the influence of her power ? It is by their interference alone that the trade of the enemy can be carried on . The flags of Kniphausen , Pappenburg , Empden , and several little ports which it is difficult to know where to look for in the map of Europe , ( though these places are in fact altogether French ) and those of the Danes , the Swedes , and the Norwegians , equally carry on by means of our licences , the trade between France and their own countries , and the trade between this country and France . It is absurd to think that they conform to our regulations ; on the 1106 contrary it is well known , that furnished with , and protected by our licences they trade directly as our enemy desires . Suppose for instance a vessel clears out from Pappenburgh ( wherever that may be , ) whose ultimate destination is Rotterdam ( a port somewhat better known ) with a licence , bearing that she is to touch at the Downs ; is it not obvious that she may make directly for Rotterdam , if she can escape our cruisers ? Those who are acquainted with the proceedings in our Admiralty courts , know well how often the licence is used in this manner , and that the vessel describes the string instead of the bow , if I may use the expression . There is no possible way of preventing this , but by covering the whole of the enemy 's coast with your ships , and thus establishing a real , and not a paper blockade . And it is to be borne in mind , that there is not one of those cargoes allowed to be imported into France , which is not attended with as much gain to the enemy as to us . I ask , what is the effect of all this ? The effect is , that the number of seamen