different offences for which corporators were liable to be disfranchised , and here he should just observe in passing , that Mr. Walsh 's crime did not amount to a misdemeanour , as he was not brought in guilty of a felony . If a corporator was guilty of any offence which might be tried in the courts , they did not proceed to act until he was legally convicted ; but if he was guilty of any offence for which no legal trial could be instituted , such as offences against the body itself , they might still expel him . He did not find that the same course was pursued in that House . There were instances in which the House first expelled , and then directed prosecutions against its members , which was surely enough to shew that they did not proceed in the same manner as corporations . He could not conceive that the ground upon which they proceeded to expulsion was that of the offence being triable , for if that was the case , they would order the trial first . What , then , was the nature of the offences for which 1198 the House expelled ? Several cases had been quoted by his hon . friend , and principally that of the money for charitable purposes . It was not precisely in point with the present case , nor did it come up to a misapplication of the public money . It was no more a misapplication of the public money than this . What , then , was the ground upon which the House would proceed to expulsion in a case of that description ? The only case that bore any resemblance to it , was that which he had already mentioned : and if the House had proceeded on it , not as a misapplication of public money , but as an act of gross dishonesty , it was at least equalled by the act that had been committed by Mr. Walsh . Indeed he could not conceive any case more repugnant to all moral rules than Mr. Walsh 's . The former resembled the dishonesty of a trustee , but the latter was not merely a misapplication of money which had come into his hands , but a deliberate act of fraud ; a cold looking round to see whom he could plunder ; fixing first upon one , from whom he withdrew , only because he found it impossible to accomplish his purpose , and then turning to his benefactor for no other reason than because he wanted money himself , and thought sir Thomas Plomer could do very well without it : a ease of cooler and more deliberate villainy had never come under his inspection . If they were to act from any paltry fear of public clamour , instead of proceeding with confidence to do their duty , they would act in a manner unbecoming their situation ; and , basely as be thought of Mr. Walsh , he would not vote against him if he entertained any doubt of the justice of the precedent which that vote would establish . He respected the opinions and doubts entertained by gentlemen on this motion , and bad stated the manner in which it had struck him , without confidence . He was not able to distinguish at present between it and the case of the Charitable Fund , and thought that if the House was justified in proceeding to expulsion in that instance , it would be justified in the present . It was with great difficulty he came to this conclusion , and he was very ready to hear any arguments that might be urged against it , and to adopt them if they were just . expressed his fear that the House might be too anxious to relieve themselves from the embarrassment of an association with such an individual . There was no function in the exercise of which 1199 they ought to be more careful than that of expulsion , as it might be abused by the minister of the day , or