confirmed Mr. Wynn 's statements , and added , that a material change of sentiment , in respect to that Bill , had taken place in Nottingham since its first introduction . stated again , that no information of any kind , public or private , had ever reached government on the subject of those riots . said , that if information was not attainable as the law originally stood , it was folly to expect it when more severe punishments were enacted—it was not in human nature . He was confident that sanguinary punishments , enacted on the spur of the occasion , never answered any good purpose in this , or in any other country . said , that the gentlemen on the other side were arguing as if the Bill had been intended to procure information which could not be 1217 obtained by any other means , whereas it was only intended to deter people from persevering in their lawless pursuits . rose to move the Irish Miscellaneous Services . In proposing the different grants , he should not trouble the House with any observations , except where there was a difference between the present estimate and that of last year ; at the same time , he should be ready to give every information in his power to any gentleman that might require it ; the first resolution he had to propose was , for a sum of 30,529l . 9s . 4d . for the Board of Works . It had been the practice formerly to vote annually a sum of 25,000l . for the Board of Works , although the expence almost uniformly exceeded that sum . The year before last it amounted to 50,000l . ; in consequence , the attention of the House was last year called to this grant , and he then proposed a larger estimate than had been usual , with the view of bringing the vote of parliament as near as possible to the sum required , promising , at the same time , that government would direct its attention to this subject ; and he was now happy to be able to state , that a considerable reduction in the expence had taken place , as would appear by the resolution which he had proposed . He thought it right to mention this circumstance injustice to the Board of Works , whose conduct was deserving of the utmost praise.—Agreed to . The next sum he had to propose was , the usual 10,500l . for publishing Proclamations in the Dublin Gazette , and other papers , for one year . It was well known that the sum expended for this purpose had always greatly exceeded the grant . He had made every exertion in his power to reduce the expence , and he was happy to say , that he had effected a considerable saving.—Agreed to . The next Resolution was for 23,748l . 9s . 2d . for Printing and Stationary . Mr . Pole said , that this was rather a larger sum than had been granted last year ; the reason was , that he was anxious to give as close an estimate in all cases as possible , so as not to render it necessary to come upon the vote of credit for the excess . The sum proposed was large , but under 1218 this head of stationary was included messengers , coals and candles , for different offices , & c. wished to know what part of the grant was really for stationary . said , that there was a sum of 5,000l . for his Majesty 's Stationary , out of which most of the public offices were provided , of which regular accounts were kept . There was also a sum of 5,500l . to the printer of The Gazette , which account was also regularly kept ; but the rest of that branch was composed of minute miscellaneous services . thought it would be well to divide the different heads , instead of including all under one denomination . The right hon . gentleman had said , that