of endurance . Large sums , it was well known , were in many instances , paid rather than suffer soldiers to be billeted on private families ; and the effect of this had been such , that , in many instances , soldiers bad fallen upon , devices , to get themselves billeted on persons , who , they knew , would pay any money to procure lodgings for them elsewhere ; thus subjecting those persons to grievous and uncalled for burdens . This was peculiarly the case with respect to Quakers , whom he had known to have soldiers billeted upon them three times for once in proportion to their neighbours . This was a collusion , which from what he 1209 had heard of it , he believed it was hardly possible to guard against . This he did know , that , in the place which he had the honour to represent , almost every person who had the hardihood to give their suffrages for him ( Sir J. Newport ) , were in a peculiar manner made the objects of this abuse . After some conversation , in which Mr. W. Pole stated , that if any complaints were made on this subject , it would be strictly attended to , the clause was allowed to pass as it stood in the Bill . The other clauses in the Bill were gone through , when the House resumed , and the report was ordered to be received on Monday . took the opportunity of stating , that licences granted for vessels sailing from foreign ports , to touch at British ports before sailing to their ports of destination , did not operate to swell the amount of imports and exports , as the cargoes were not entered amongst either . said , he did not allude to vessels touching at a British port , but where they were entered in the progress of their voyage under licence from foreign port to foreign port . There was another case , however , of which he had just been informed , and which served to shew the fallacy of the accounts of exports and imports—a vessel sailing from America , under a licence from the emperor of France , bound to Bourdeaux , was captured by a British cruizer , and condemned as prize in the Admiralty Court , and then the cargo was sent under a British licence to the very same port to which it was originally destined . said , he would not now enter into the question as to our right to capture a vessel bound to a port under blockade , and to condemn it as prize ; but with respect to the alledged fallacy of the accounts of exports and imports , he denied the fact ; the amount of the export of British produce and manufactures was distinctly stated in the accounts , and distinguished from foreign produce which had 1210 been imported for the purpose of being re-exported . It had been stated on a former occasion , that merchants entered at the Custom-house more than they intended to export , and that this rendered the account of exports fallacious . The fact was , however , that the quantity of goods actually exported was entered on the back of the cocket , and it was from these entries that the official account of exports was made up . rose and declared his disapprobation of it in its present shape . There were some clauses which he thought highly necessary in order to render it worthy the concurrence of their lordships , and which he meant to propose . His grace then took a view of the progress of the measure , including the act of last session , from its first rise to the Bill now in its last stage before their lordships . The real fact was , that a principle of exclusive right was claimed and acted upon , in these measures , and while it was acted upon , the people of the metropolis could have only two houses adapted for the species of amusement