his Royal Highness in what this fundamental error consisted . The effects of the American war , he contended , were felt at this day , in the war in which we were now engaged . It was a war commenced on the very principles of the American war . A detestation of the principles of liberty which had broken out in France , first involved us in a war with that country ; and on the same system , he was afraid , we were proceeding at the present moment . The former war was undertaken , as it was alledged , for the protection of the navigation of the Scheldt , which the Dutch admitted to be a miserable pretext . After that crusade was finished , we now found ourselves engaged in another seemingly endless contest ; and he did not believe that any one of the persons who defended it , could say what we were fighting for . Not for liberty—that was a word which never once escaped their lips . Was it for the independence of Spain ? No . They talked , indeed , of the enemy of the sovereign of that country ; but the rights of the people of Spain was a thing they never thought of . Those rights of the sovereign of Spain , however , which gentlemen might say we were now contending for , had been , by that sovereign himself , resigned into the hands of Buonaparté , and were now completely frittered away . The Speech on the present occasion , the hon . bart , must , in a peculiar degree , consider the speech of the minister . So long as there was any hope of a successful issue to the struggle by the people of Spain , he had no objection that every assistance in our power should be rendered them . The language held in the Speech , however , on this subject , he did not believe ; nor was he by any means convinced that gentlemen entertained those hopes which they expressed . The laurels earned by our gallant soldiers he sincerely rejoiced in . Their bravery had been great , and the honour they had thereby purchased was proportionate ; but , after all , the victories they had achieved were barren , and were followed by something very like defeats . It was true that general Hill had gallantly surprised a small division of the enemy : still the French were making regular and rapid strides towards the subjugation of the country ; while , for our triumphs , we had nothing to shew . The cause of this 20 failure was the radically vicious principle of supporting despotism in this instance , as we did all over the world , —the attempt to support desperate , falling , and not to be supported , states , instead of the good old British reason of maintaining the cause of freedom . To this it would be said , Do the French proclaim liberty ? No ; but they endeavoured to conciliate the minds of the people by such concessions a '' might please them ; while it was a serious fact , that the Inquisition remained in existence in those parts only of the country of which the English had possession . But there was a curious contrast to which he must call the attention of the House . We were fighting strenuously to maintain the Catholic religion in the country of our Spanish allies ; though , at the same time , those whom he should conceive to be our more valuable allies at home—the Irish—a generous , brave , and long-suffering people , were , for a trifling condition , withheld from their best and dearest rights . This exclusion of our most natural allies , he could not but consider as an act of gross treachery . The speech of the right hon . gent . opposite , ( for so he must call the Regent 's speech ) contained all faults by being guilty of all omissions . It was not sufficient to