down . He recommended this Bill to the legislature , not in the certainty , but in the hope of putting down the disturbances in Nottinghamshire , and to shew the country that every legislative means were used , before recourse should be taken to measures of greater severity . He was quite confident that the suffrage of the people would be with this Bill . The Bill was then read a third time and passed . said , he thought that the inconsistency of conduct in the House on the subject of ballot , was a matter of very serious regret . The ballot was now the only source resorted to for supplying the military force of the country , whereas it had been generally declared in that House , within these few years , to be a system which was wholly unfit to be persevered in . Such an inconsistency as this , he was afraid , would seem to justify the suspicion , that the members of that House were not sufficiently alive to the interests of that part of the community , who were more peculiarly exposed to the burden of ballot . There was another objection , which struck him with peculiar force on perusing the present Bill . Not only were persons belonging to the Local Militia , who were guilty of offences , liable to the usual punishments inflicted in such cases , but they were to be liable to the punishment of being continued in the Local Militia beyond the stipulated period of their service ; not only so , but even to be sent into the line , and there to be kept , for an unlimited period of service . The noble lord apprehended , if this clause was to be allowed to continue in the Bill , it would be far from palatable with the public . Imprisonment too , his lordship observed , was to be inflicted by this Bill , not as a punishment , but before trial for any supposed offence . This was such a mixture of military law as he could not think of countenancing in such a Bill as the present . There was also a large fine of 15l . a man on the county , for every man not raised . These were all clauses which appeared to him to be highly objectionable , and which rendered the Bill totally unfit to pass the House in its present state . He might be told , perhaps , that the committee was the proper place to have these objections remedied . It surely was so ; but he did not conceive he should have done his duty , had he not noticed them in the present stage of the Bill . If the right hon . gentleman should persist in carrying the Bill through in its present state , he would take another opportunity of stating his objections more in detail . agreed in thinking that there were many objectionable clauses in the present Bill , but he did not agree in all the objections stated by his noble friend . What he particularly objected to was an alteration in the present system of the Local Militia . The noble lord who 868 originally proposed that measure , proposed it as a measure by which the whole male population of the country might be gradually trained . The greater part of the Local Militia now embodied had already served three years , and would therefore fail to be disbanded in the course of the following year , the men not being capable , by the present law , of continuing embodied more than four years . The present Bill , however , proposed , that on an understanding taking place between the commandant and the men , a certain proportion of the present Local Militia might be continued ; Thus , then , was the plan of proceeding in a series , and of training the whole population of the country by degrees , to be abandoned . In his opinion the first plan had been found to be a good one