question being put to him.— '' I say , '' were major James 's words , `` abolish flogging ; and , as for a substitute , I will not trust myself with reasoning on the subject . `` —So said he , ( sir F . B . ) abolish it ; and if , by a substitute , was meant any thing equally infamous , equally unjust and cruel , it might be replied , there was none to be found . But if , by a substitute , was meant a difference in discipline—let reward be that substitute . Give the soldier comfort and ease for the remainder of that life , worn out in the service of his country , let him not know want and penury ; let him find his toilsome and stormy youth succeeded by an age of quiet and security . But what , on the contrary , did they see ? Men , who , in these glorious battles , which were in every one 's mouth , had lost their limbs , reduced to the miserable and scanty pittance of sixpence or nine pence per day . Was this an adequate 1271 compensation for the risk of life—for the loss of limb in bravely fighting to advance the cause of their country ? It was true , that , after a longer period of service , they were entitled to receive one shilling , eighteenpence , and so much as two shillings a day ; but those whose service had been short , were placed on the wretched allowance which he had described , and certainly afforded no example very seducing to others to embark in the same career . On the contrary , every one of these men served as a beacon to deter others from entering into the army , where dangers , exertions , and privations met with so ungrateful a return . Instead of always hearing of punishments , he would wish sometimes to hear of rewards for good conduct and gallant actions ; of promotion for the display of courage and talent ; and he was convinced , that a system of this kind would supersede the necessity for barbarous punishments . But if punishment and fear alone were to operate , the army would remain in its present condition ; and it appeared to him that all other evils in life vanished , in comparison with those of a soldier . All was one gloomy scene , there was nothing of sweetness in the past , and nothing of hope in the future . And though , when brought face to face with the enemy , he seemed to forget every evil of his condition—to think only of his own honour and the honour of his country , and rush , with heroism , upon the opposing gun or bayonet ; this only proved him more worthy of another sort of discipline , and of the gratitude of his native land , which he defended . He need not go in foreign service for proof , that such punishment was not a necessary ingredient in military discipline . There was an illustrious instance at home in his royal highness the duke of Glocester , who had declared his hostility to the use of the lash , and inspired his officers with similar sentiments.—The consequence was , that by their wisdom , vigilance , and policy , they had succeeded in abolishing corporal punishment in the regiment for four years , and yet the whole army could not boast of one in a stale of better order and discipline . He had high satisfaction in paying this tribute of approbation to the duke of Glocester , who had thus afforded an instance in point , not only of there being no necessity for flogging to make a good regiment , but even that by a contrary system men might be reclaimed ( as this regiment was ) who had formerly 1272 been subjected to the most severe treatment . He had only to add to this , that a battalion of this regiment ( the