Highness , to the constitution , and to the country , to come forward in the first instance , and , without any communication from his Royal Highness , to accede to the proposition made by the right hon . gentleman . expressed himself perfectly satisfied with the Resolution . The assumption of the office of Regent was , ex necessitate rei , attended with a very considerable expence : every gentleman in the House , he was sure , must be convinced of that fact : it was not , therefore , a bounty , which they were called on to grant , but only a sum voted to pay a just debt . said , that neither the speech of his hon . and learned friend , nor the remark just made , had in the least degree convinced him that a Message from the sovereign power was not necessary to enable the House to adopt the resolution proposed . At the time of the first constitution of the Regency , when a message was brought down to parliament , stating that the prince of Wales did not 232 wish any expence to be incurred on his account , he had listened to the observations of his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Adam ) with much attention , conceiving that they came with a sort of official authority : in the present instance , whatever credit might be due to the statement , he could not consider it in any such light , in as much as his hon . and learned friend was no longer to be deemed the organ of the Prince Regent , since the ministerial servants of his Royal Highness were the proper channel for any official communications to that House . He did not mean to assert that the sum proposed was too much or too little , for no means of judging had been supplied : he should be glad to hear , however , what expences had been gone to , and without proceeding with due regularity , after the assurance of the Regent that no additional charges should be incurred on his account , he conceived that the House would be doing a gross act of injustice to his Royal Highness . His hon . and learned friend had said , that at the time when this assurance was given , it was fully expected that the term would be short during which the Prince would be called upon to fulfil the duties of royalty . It might be so , but he could not discover what difference this fact made in point of principle , and the present vote was prospective as well as retrospective . In his opinion , the remarks that had been made on this subject , to induce the House to swerve from the constitutional one hitherto followed , shewed decisively that a message from the sovereign power was necessary , before the vote now proposed should be adopted . observed , that as he had before stated that he should not vote against the Resolution , he would keep his word with the right hon . gentleman ; but he lamented that he had so far pledged himself , without due consideration . Not an instance could be found , where the House , without a single document laid before it to shew that any sums had been expended , or a single reason assigned , had come to a determination to grant a hundred pence , much less a hundred thou-sand pounds . It might be true that the Prince Regent had been put to considerable expences , but it ought to be stated to the House in an official form , When lord Nelson , for his glorious victories , was made a peer of the realm , having no fortune , undoubtedly it was the wish of all , that a sum of money should be granted to 233 him , to support his dignity : but what was done ? The crown sent a Message to parliament , requesting the House to enable it to reward the eminent