3d Guards ) serving abroad , were so distinguished for their high discipline , that lord Wellington , on a late melancholy occasion , when he found it necessary to order two men to be shot , stated in orders , that it was unnecessary for this battalion to attend the execution , as their conduct had been so correct as to need no example to be set before them . He hoped after this , that the necessity for flogging would not be contended for , as indeed it was only by men who were the least acquainted with their own profession , and with human nature . That this was no fanciful notion , or fine-spun theory of his , he had the written and oral testimony of many excellent officers of the line and the militia to establish ; and in proof of this , he read a few passages from the works of generals Colburn , Stewart , and sir Robert Wilson . He had heard , and believed , that the duke of York bad expressed his disapprobation of this disgraceful mode of punishment ; and if his Royal Highness would issue orders on the subject , and press it as had been done by his royal relative , he was persuaded it would be in his power to get rid of it altogether . But they must take care ministers should not furnish reasons for its continuance , by sending such men as they had sent from the hulks . If they did make soldiers of them , they ought to be formed into regiments by themselves , and the whole service would not then be degraded by a few wretches scattered throughout the mass , to keep the lash suspended over them all . He could adduce many other authorities ( not written ) of great weight , all agreeing in expressing disgust at the present system . Lord Moira had declared it to be unmanly and pestilential . Lord Hutchinson was also decidedly hostile to it , and he might even assume , from the practice of that noble lord , that lord Wellington was anxious by its abolition to raise the moral character of the soldier . In proof of this , he had heard from an officer of his lordship 's regiment , that while in India , he scarcely recollected such an occurrence as the infliction of this punishment.—General Money had also given his voice against it ; and the German officers in England had declared that no country could so well dispense with it , as we had the alternative of sending men to our colonies and the West Indies , instead of punishing them in this inhuman way . Here 1273 he would take an opportunity of explaining his sentiments with respect to foreigners , and particularly Germans , towards whom he entertained no illiberal feeling . On the contrary , he was inclined to afford them protection , and treat them with even greater hospitality than they received , and his sole object in raising his voice as he had lately done in that House , was , that they should not be put over the heads of Englishmen who aspired to fill these situations.—He then proceeded to notice the hardship of inflicting a part of such punishment , and then commuting the remainder into foreign service . It was unnecessary to detail the melancholy effects which had been produced by this mode of punishment . Men had destroyed themselves through apprehension of it , and he firmly believed that no man , after suffering the lash , was ever fit to be trusted . He knew it was the opinion of all officers that the cat-o'-nine-tails spoiled a good soldier , and made a bad man worse . Excessive punishment always defeated its own object . No man would treat any animal in the way in which human beings were sometimes treated : and yet a horse might be whipped until be stood still . With regard to the plea of necessity , it was not for him to disprove it—but it behoved the gentlemen