great bar to the discussion of the Catholic claims , but that that bar was now done away , in consequence of the melancholy illness with which his Majesty was afflicted . He ( Mr. Sutton ) could have wished that this statement had not been made . The Catholic cause wanted no such argument ; which must have been painful to him that adduced it , but was much more painful to many who heard it . The hon . and learned gentleman had followed up that statement by a declaration , that he had this consolation , under his Majesty 's indisposition , that the interests of Ireland would now be attended to . 620 Good God ! did the hon . and learned gentleman mean to insinuate , that the interests of Ireland had been neglected ? Did he mean to say , that , during the long reign of his Majesty , proper attention had not been directed towards Ireland ? Need he inform the hon . and learned gentleman , that the rights and privileges which the Catholics possessed , were granted since his Majesty 's accession to the crown ? He could not brook the idea , that the calamity of his Majesty should be held out a * offering a consolation , because the rights of the people of Ireland could now be investigated with advantage . He was not prepared to go into the Committee proposed ; he would not support the motion , because the time was not proper ; nor would he be accessary to throwing a slander on the Irish government . He never had had an opportunity of stating his sentiments on Catholic Emancipation . And here he would disclaim the feeling , which was generally imputed to those who opposed the measure , that he considered the Catholics as enemies to their country . He gave them full credit for honour , bravery , loyalty , and every generous feeling—he did not believe the Roman Catholics , as men , were ; depraved or bad ; nor would he impute to them , as had been done by an hon . gentleman who affected to advocate their cause , that if , from the . view parliament took of the subject , their claims were not now acceded to , they would re '' sort to force . If he cherished an opinion , that , under any circumstances , they would so conduct themselves , then , indeed , might the imputation be justly cast on him . He did not consider this a question of right , but of expediency—of justice , if gentlemen would have it so ; justice to the Roman Catholics on the one side , and to the Protestant establishments in church and state , on the other . If that were the case , as seemed to be admitted by gentlemen . opposite , he thought it was unfair that those who expressed doubts on a question of such magnitude , should be abused and vilified . Different opinions had been entertained on the subject ; some had said , that the Catholic claims should be conceded , without any restrictions . If it were just and expedient to do so much for the Catholics , then it was just and expedient to do that Which had not been done for the Protestants . Others were of opinion , that unqualified concession could not be granted with , safety ; but that the Catholics would agree to every safeguard necessary 621 for the well-being of the constitution . When , however , they were asked , what those securities were ? their advice was , that they should be considered in a Committee , He was aware that a Bill could be debated in a Committee , better than in the whole House ; but it was proper that the whole House should first know the principle of the measure . On that ground he could not consent to go into a Committee , unless the securities were specified . If he did , it would be trifling with the