no great importance ; and from the moment he learned that that measure , instead of conciliating , had produced irritation , he abandoned it . He denied that by removing the disabilities which affected the Catholics , any security would be taken from the established church . On the contrary , he should regard the very measure proposed , the full concession of the Catholic claims , to be the highest security that could be given to the church establishment of the United Kingdom . The question was every day becoming more pressing , and could not be delayed . Their lordships would soon have to direct to it all their attention and all their wisdom . He hoped , therefore , when the crisis came , that they would then have wisdom enough left to drop generalities ; and if they continued to refuse what was asked , to say in what way it was that granting the Catholic demands would prove injurious to the church of England . It would be necessary then to shew , that what was required for the safety of the whole empire was unsafe for the established church . There were two descriptions of opponents to the Catholic claims . The one would make no concession ; the other thought the present an improper time . He wished to know from the latter what reason they had for farther delay . He observed , that the best way to remove the irritation and suspicion which was complained of , was to treat the Catholics kindly . Shew that you have confidence in them , and they will place confidence in you . He compared the conduct of the present government of Ireland to that which was pursued towards America . A similar infatuation now prevailed , which proved that we were untaught by expe- 477 rience and uninstructed by adversity . After exercising cruelty and injustice , the next step was to punish those who dared to complain . This was the natural progress of oppression , the true logic of tyranny . Instead of a course so fatal , he earnestly beseeched their lordships to be no longer misled by delusions , which prevented them from adopting that measure which could alone knit together the hearts of the whole population of the empire : a measure that would give to the Protestant a security , which he never could obtain by oppression , while it would ensure the attachment of the Catholic , by presenting to him the charter of his emancipation . wished to introduce a clause for preventing such officers as held places in the Household from having seats in parliament . opposed the introduction of such a clause into the Bill . He could not but think it very hard that such officers should be prevented from serving their country in parliament . brought forward his motion respecting the propriety of bankrupts holding seats in that House . He had for some time been directing his attention to this subject , which , in his mind , was one of considerable importance . It had been a matter of doubt to him , whether it was not improper and inconsistent with the dignity of the House , that a person after bankruptcy should retain his situation as a member of parliament , and the privileges belonging to it . It was clear that , as the law now stood , no disqualification arose from becoming a bankrupt . James I published a proclamation to the sheriffs , calling upon them not to return as members of parliament any person under the circumstances of a bankrupt . This circumstance he alluded to only to prove , that before the time of James 1 , bankruptcy was not considered ' a disqualification . It was clear , from the issuing of such a proclamation , he did not mean to insinuate that any criminality , was attached to bankruptcy , because it frequently arose from unforeseen circumstances , against which no prudence could provide ; but the progress of fraud was at present alarming , and some measure should 479