relative to the misapplication of public funds by those who were members of it ; but he could learn of no precedents applicable to the present case . Mr. Walsh 's crime consisted in the appropriation to his own use of a sum of money belonging to another . If that fact alone were to be considered sufficient for the proceedings of the House , let them look at the trials in the courts that were constantly occurring , and they would see how the principle might affect three fourths of the country . The House would have enough to do , if they were to give their attention to that subject . He wished to look at the question as it actually stood . Mr. Walsh had been acquitted by law ; and he ought to have been acquitted on his trial , if the judge had done his duty , and knew what the law was . Let the House look at the case of captain Tomlinson , who actually received a remuneration of 800l . to cover the expences incurred by the proceedings against him . It was certainly not a sufficient reason to censure Mr. Walsh , because he had been tried at the Old Bailey , a circumstance on which some stress had been laid . Any man , however innocent , morally or legally , might be so circumstanced as to be brought there for trial . If the offence of Mr. Walsh was to be proceeded against by the House , under all its circumstances , he thought that the House was bound to go farther ; and then , how far were they prepared to act ? It was a greater fraud than Mr. Walsh 's , and a more frequent one , to send to tradesmen , to buy goods to four times the amount of Mr. Walsh 's transaction , deliberately , and with a perfect knowledge of the want of either capability or will ever to pay for them . The evil in the latter case was very extensive and very serious . He must therefore dissent from the principle of the motion , because it would , if followed up , be productive of incalculable difficulty and mischief . With respect to the moral turpitude of the offence , on which it was asked how they could allow Mr. Walsh to sit in that House , it appeared to him , that the very letter so much relied upon tended to shew , that the offence was not one proceeding from confirmed depravity , from a bad heart ; but that , on the contrary , it shewed the writer to have been conscious of his error , and speedily to have repented of it . If any thing could extenuate his fault , it was to be found in that letter . But allowing the moral tu- 1187 rpitude to be a cause of expulsion , he thought the House bound to begin such expulsions with acts of a more flagrant nature : such , for instance , as disturbed and destroyed the peace of families , and in so doing , inflicted the severest injuries on the community . Persons committed acts of this sort with perfect notoriety , and were even convicted of them , without any notice of this kind : they were known by positive evidence of tea-fold more strength than what was now adduced against Mr. Walsh , in a mere pecuniary transaction . The House should take these things into their view , if they attempted to set up moral turpitude as the ground of expulsion , and not begin with a comparatively paltry consideration . He hoped , therefore , that the motion would not be pressed upon the House . said , that he was very far from being a stickler for what were called the privileges of parliament , but certainly if there was a privilege or a power in any body or assembly , less disputable than another , he conceived it to be that of declaring any one of the individuals of which they were composed