before the city . The French , in the time in which they occupied the fortress , had employed themselves in making considerable and important additions to its strength—they had erected several new redoubts , particularly on the hill of St. Francisco , connected with the place by a chain of convents , fortified by palisadoes and other judicious means of defence . By this circumstance the approach to the place by a besieging army was rendered much more difficult ; but lord Wellington immediately commenced operations by a successful attack upon San Francisco , by a body of troops headed by lieut . col. Colville , and the first parallel having been thus commenced , the place itself was converted into a redoubt . From the 9th to the 13th January the operations were continued , and on the night of the last mentioned day , the convent of Santa Cruz , which communicated with the body of the fortress , was taken by surprise by general Graham—thus protecting most effectually the right wing of the allied army . On the 14th the convent of San Francisco was attacked , captured by lieut . col. Colville , and the suburbs entered and taken possession of by the British troops . From the 15th to the 19th the works were continued , and the second parallel was completed . The batteries during this period bad throughout kept up a warm fire , and had made a considerable impression on the walls , in which two breaches had been opened , conceived by the enterprising commander in chief to be at that time practicable , although such regular approaches towards ; the city had not yet been made , as are usual in undertakings of this arduous nature . Lord Wellington , with the assistance of his generals , deemed an assault advisable—and taking into view the situation of both armies , the means of attack possessed by the one , and the means of defence and annoyance by the other , determined that the assault should be made after nightfall on the 19th of January . The attempt was made by the allied troops in five columns : the two right columns were led by lieut . col. O'Toole , and major Ridge ; the third was formed of major- 709 general M'Kinnon 's division . The fourth column , under major-general Craufurd , was directed to make an attack on the breaches to the left ; and general Pack 's brigade formed the fifth . All these operations succeeded , and one of them beyond expectation , general Pack having converted the false attack he was directed to make into a successful enterprise , and by his vigorous proceedings taking prisoners all who ventured to resist his progress . Thus in less than half an hour from the commencement of the assault , the British army , with undaunted intrepidity , forced its way into the centre of the city , and reduced the enemy to the necessity of surrendering a fortress he had vainly attempted with his utmost exertions to retain . Unfortunately for the country , but more especially for the army , general M'Kinnon , in leading on that portion of the forces placed under his orders , was killed by the accidental explosion of a magazine he was approaching ; and I am certain that the House will not hesitate a moment in concurring with me in thinking , that this unhappy loss should be followed by that mark of respect , affection and gratitude unquestionably due to the remains of an officer so gallant and experienced in the field of battle , and so amiable and virtuous in his private circle . I shall therefore propose , that a Monument be erected to his memory.—General Craufurd also was severely wounded , and , according to the dispatch of lord Wellington , the service , to the honour of which he has so much contributed , may be long deprived of his example and assistance . In the list of the wounded I am likewise sorry to include the name of major-general Vandeleur . These