why had he not sent it to Nottingham to allay the ferments of the distressed manufacturers , and to tranquillize the disturbed districts of that populous and suffering county ? Why had he not sent it to Liverpool , where the annihilation of commerce had added so largely to the numbers of the paupers , and driven so many of its Indus- 1064 trious inhabitants , hitherto supported by the produce of their own labour , to seek relief from their respective parishes ? Why had he not sent it to Sheffield ? Why , in short , had not the noble lord circulated this evidence of national prosperity throughout all the manufacturing districts , to prove to the suffering working classes , that however they might be affected , their country was flourishing , and their distresses must be temporary and not real ? Why did he not get it inserted at the tail of the London Gazette , to prove to the bankrupts in the city , that they were not , in fact , bankrupts , but men abounding in wealth ? —With respect to that extensive and endless question concerning the repeal of the Berlin and Milan Decrees , it was not his intention , on that occasion , to go into any examination of the circumstances , in order to ascertain whether they were repealed or not . He was perfectly ready to admit that there was no official evidence of the repeal which would authorize a court of Admiralty to pass a judgment founded upon such repeal ; but in the concerns between states , the same precision was never to be looked for which was required in courts of law . It was beneath the gravity of statesmen , and unworthy of the dignity of nations , to regulate their conduct according to the nice distinctions of logic , and for a liberal and enlightened system of policy to substitute a rigid adherence to all the rules and principles of the doctrine of dialectics . The true way in which to consider all questions between sovereign states was , to examine whether the situation of things was really such as to be material either in its beneficial or injurious effects to one or both . The government of France was perfectly versed in this doctrine , and always prepared to act upon it . Buonaparté had well calculated all the grounds upon which he had to expect the consequence that had resulted , and had taken his measures so as best to promote the interests of his empire . It might easily be supposed that an intelligent minister in France would be able to form a very accurate and just estimate of the character of the people of England , and of the people of America , as well as of the people of France . No doubt could be entertained , that this estimate would not , perhaps , be very favourable either to the Americans or the English ; but there were prominent features in the characters of both which could not fail to be correctly seized 1065 and dexterously taken advantage of in regulating the policy of the French government towards the two nations . It was most likely that in forming an estimate of the character of the English , such a minister would consider them a high minded , independent people , but he would also regard them as proud , haughty , supercilious , and overbearing , though possessing , in an eminent degree , a spirit of national pride and national honour , and every other characteristic of a great nation . Forming his calculation , therefore , upon a people possessing such a character , such a minister would conclude , that they would not be satisfied with a virtual repeal of the obnoxious decrees , that they would make a point of their formal repeal , and glory even in compelling that repeal . Of the American people , on the other band , he would conclude , that they were a cunning , craving , selfish race , that they would not insist