were to consider the advantages the country had received , or was likely to receive , from those meritorious exertions . In doing this , they would have many political and financial considerations to attend to . But the subject not being under discussion , he would not dwell longer upon it , but proceed to make a few observations on the other parts of the Address . It had been customary to consider the opening of the session as a day , on which a general outline of the state of the nation was submitted to the House , together with a concise view of those points which were likely to engage most of their attention during the session . This custom the noble lord considered as being perfectly parliamentary ; for such outline , when confined within due bounds , gave their lordships a clear and distinct view of the grounds on which they were to act , of the necessities they bad to provide for , and of the pledge which was required from them . But were the noble lord , in the present instance , to undertake pointing to the House the various branches of arduous duty which were likely to fall to their lot , he was sure he should sink under the task . The House was no longer called 9 upon to provide for the prosperity , but for the very safety , nay , existence of the country . The various subjects which called urgently for their most serious attention , were so numerous , so important , and so weighty , that the labour would prove Herculean , and not to be disposed of in a single night 's debate . The measures absolutely necessary in such a state of things , had been frequently alluded to in that House , and were familiar to most of the noble lords . His lordship would not then advert to them , but repeat his observation , that no outline of intended measures , no view of future proceedings , had been submitted to their lordships , and yet they were called upon to pledge themselves for the continuance of a system which had brought the country to the present alarming situation . He would give no such a pledge . He would not indeed move an amendment to the Address ; but be would protest most solemnly against giving such a pledge . He would protest against a continuance of those measures which had brought such calamities on the country ; calamities so real and so momentous , that they must soon press themselves with irresistible force on their lordships ' attention , whether or not they were willing to give them the consideration they deserved . People might chuse to close their eyes , but the force of truth must dispel the wilful blindness ; they might chuse to shut their ears , but the voice of a suffering nation must sooner or later be heard . The noble lord said he still retained his objections to every part of the system he had so often condemned ; he still deprecated that wanton waste of money , and of all the public resources , when it was more necessary than ever to husband them with the most provident care . He still objected to those commercial measures , which were pompously announced as the roost formidable weapon against the enemy , and which had recoiled on our commerce-and manufactures . He still retained his objections to a system of finance , which had forced a debased coin on the people , and had spread bankruptcy and rain throughout the land . But , above all , he protested tenfold against the system obstinately pursued in Ireland , where the strong arm of power had attempted to stifle the dutiful complaints of the people . And here the noble lord begged of their lordships to consider the portentous way in which the state of Ireland had been alluded to in the Speech . Their lord- 10 ships ' attention was not directed to the oppressions under which the Irish laboured ,