profess myself entirely ignorant—I mean the sum of 100,000l . proposed to be granted to the Regent to cover the cost incurred by his assumption of the government . In the last session , the Prince declined receiving any assistance on that account ; but , the right hon . gentleman says , the inevitable expence was such as to justify the demand . It may be so ; but the right hon . gentleman can expect no more from parliament than the expression of a willingness to grant whatever may appear proper under the specified heads of expenditure . I hope , therefore , he will not precipitate his Resolutions . If the House agree to them , I trust he will permit them to lie on the table for a few days , that gentlemen may have an opportunity of considering the subject ; for , though I heard his statement with the utmost attention , and applied to it all the powers of my mind , I really did not comprehend it . I do not mean to protest peremptorily against every part of this plan , but I beg leave to enter my protest against being considered as having agreed to it wholly or partially . I desire information on the subject , by which my vote may be guided . I am perfectly willing to grant what the splendour , dignity , and comfort of the monarch may require , but I am determined grant no more . observed , that permitting the Resolutions to lie on the table , would give no insight whatever on the subject . Indeed , as such a proceeding would remove them farther from the consideration of the plan , as laid down in his statement , it would probably render the difficulty greater . They were pursuing the regular course of proceeding , as those Resolutions would come to nothing , except in the shape of a Bill . He was aware , when he made his statement , that the subject was a very complicated one , and , from time to time , he had expressed his apprehension to the Committee , that he should not be able to make it perfectly intelligible . In doing that , however , he referred the more detailed and accurate consideration of the plan to a future period , when the Bill should be brought in . Without those Resolutions being agreed to no Bill could be formed , and no intention 166 existed of bringing it in before Monday . When the right hon . gentleman stated that he did not comprehend the measure , he was at a loss to know what he did He seemed to think , with others , that the comforts of his Majesty should be attended to—but was that all ? should they go no farther ? Should they not still consider him as their king , and , though severely afflicted , not to be stripped of every vestige of dignity and splendour ? The right hon . gentleman seemed to believe , from the statement of the physicians , that his Majesty 's situation was completely hopeless , and that even a partial recovery could not be looked for at a future period ; and , therefore that the provision to be made for him , should be merely that of a sick chamber . But the Committee would not coincide in such a principle , nor did the right hon . gentleman himself support it on a former occasion ; for it would be utterly repugnant to the feelings of the country to divest his Majesty of every officer of dignity and character , who had heretofore been near his person . The right hon . gentleman had insinuated that he had not discharged his duty in the Committee , in not questioning the physicians as to the probability of his Majesty being restored to mental health ; but he would ask in return , was there any thing in the state of his Majesty 's health which required the particular inquiry on that point ? and was it