discountenanced , as it must lead to eternal war ; or rather to a war which could only end in the extinction of either power . It might , he thought , be foreseen , which must fall , in a contest of that description , when it was considered that the greatness of one nation was artificial , while the greatness of the other , such as it was , was natural ; but things need not come to that pass ; they would not ; and , as the present ruler of the destinies of France was likely to live long upon the earth , we must negociate with him whenever an opportunity presented itself . He should now conclude with saying , in answer to the declaration of the noble lord , that Buonaparté had been baffled in his maritime speculations , would to God that France had ships , and commerce , and colonies , for then we should have peace ; but until then , the probabilities were against it . , in explanation , denied having made any declaration against peace with Buonaparté said , he thought He had heard such an expression fall from him but as the noble lord must have recollected what he said better than he could , he was satisfied that he was mistaken in the opinion . said he confessed that the concluding sentence of the hon . gentleman 's speech had furnished him with a clue to his objections against 57 the system pursued by his majesty 's government , for if , indeed , he was anxious that Buonaparté should have ships ; if , indeed , he was anxious that he should have colonies and commerce , it could hardly be expected that he should approve of the system upon which his majesty 's government had acted , or of those endeavours which were intended and calculated to deprive him of all . But as he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) would rather follow the hon . gentleman 's speech through the series of topics it contained with as much regularity as possible , he should leave the conclusion for the present , and commence with noticing the conceptions of the hon . gent . with regard to the affairs of Spain and Portugal , and the characters of hopelessness and desperation in which he had described the war . And here he would wish to bring back to the recollection of the House the state in which the war stood at the beginning of the last session : he would wish to bring back to their recollection the opinions and fears and prophecies of the hon . gent . and to entreat them to contrast the prospect he then drew with the reality of the present scene ; they would find , on such a comparison , that his fears were unfounded , that his expectations were falsified , that his prophecies were erroneous ; and yet the hon . gent , was prepared upon the same grounds of apprehension , namely , the boasts of Buonaparé , to repeat his prophecies— `` Destroy the web of prophecy in vain , The creature 's at his dirty work again . '' ( A laugh . ) After such failures , one would rather have thought the hon . gent . would have hesitated in his course , and not have continued to hold , that every thing the enemy vaunted he would do , must be accomplished , or that it was impracticable to put any stop to the career of `` this spoilt child of fortune . '' At the period alluded to , as at the present , the hon . gent . had only re-echoed the language held by the enemy ; but there was no saying that they might not again be disappointed . At the commencement of last session , we were to be driven into the sea , and were not to have a foot of ground in Portugal ; but , instead of these boasts being accomplished , or the gloomy apprehensions of the hon