that House , whom he saw in their places ; but as it related to matters of the highest political importance , it formed a subject well worthy the notice and consideration of their lordships . Seeing the noble Secretary of State in the House , be would take the liberty of asking him whether this printed paper was genuine , and really a letter from his royal highness the Prince Regent , as it purported to be : or if the noble secretary should be prevented by any technical difficulty from giving a direct answer to that question , he should be contented with his barely not denying its being genuine and authentic . It would be right to have this point distinctly ascertained and recognized before he founded a motion upon the paper in question . said , that the noble lord could not expect an answer to such a question , and he should not give any answer . said , the noble lord had hot denied the genuineness of the letter ; an answer , purporting to come from two noble lords to that letter , had also been published , and he wished to know if it Was the answer of those noble lords ? Understanding that to be the case , he should feel it his duty to call their lordships ' attention to the subject on Friday se'nnight . That his royal highness the Prince Regent in writing that letter was actuated by the purest and most patriotic motives he was in duty bound to believe , and in his conscience he was satisfied , that however there might be some unfortunate expressions in the letter , that the object of his Royal Highness was to form an administration on a fair , a liberal , and a broad basis . The melancholy issue was already known , and the darkest and most gloomy prospects now surrounded us . Dangers pressed upon us on every side , whilst the means of averting the ruin which menaced the country were weakened . It was a subject of vital importance to the people , and therefore , however feeble the effort might be , he felt it to be his duty to make an attempt to avert the dangers which threatened us . He again expressed his conscientious conviction , that the object of the Prince Regent was to form an administration on a fair , a broad , and a liberal basis , and he was at the same time convinced that the answer of his noble friends to the letter of his Royal Highness , had been much misunderstood and misrepresented . 1252 The purport of his motion was intended to be an humble Address to the Prince Regent , that he would earnestly endeavour to adopt such measures as would tend best to promote the interests of the country , by ensuring security and tranquillity at home , and respect and consideration abroad . It was possible , how-ever , that in the interval he might see reason to alter the form of his motion . He therefore moved that the Lords be summoned for Friday se'nnight . said , that reserving his sentiments till the discussion of the motion , of which notice had been given by his noble friend , he thought it his duty not to be backward in avowing the answer to the letter alluded to by his noble friend to be his . There were some clerical errors in the publication , but they were of little consequence . The substance was the same . The sentiments contained in that letter were such as naturally arose at the time in his breast—they were those which his duty to his royal highness the Prince Regent dictated—they were those which were dictated by his duty as a subject of the country . thought it unnecessary to add any thing to what had been stated by his noble friend , except to avow his concurrence in the sentiments contained in the answer sent by his noble friend . There were some clerical errors in the publication , but they were