and the same being read , the hon . gentleman said , that it appeared that this office was stated in all the Reports as a perfect sinecure , and one that ought to be suppressed . If the question stood merely on the recommendation of the two Reports of 1783 and 180 '' , made by commissioners acting on oath ; if parliament had taken no one step in the business , and if the Resolution of the 31st of May 1810 had never been passed , there would yet be sufficient reasons to induce the House to call any minister to account , who should dare to act in contradiction to what had been so decidedly pronounced upon . Among other things , the last time the subject was discussed in the House , he was astonished a good deal at what had fallen from the hon . gentleman ( col. M'Mahon ) who held the office , who attempted to shew that since the period of the Report , this office was something like an efficient one . But nothing could be farther removed from this description than it really was . It appeared from the Report of 1808 , that the whole business was then transacted for 100l . per ann . by a first clerk of the War Office . From what passed in the former debate , he had found himself in a singular and unfortunate situation . He thought he had made some impression on the House , and that they would have supported their Resolutions ; but the argument took a most un-looked for and perverse turn . It was argued , that , because the Finance Committee had recommended certain sinecures to be retained as a reward for services , those sinecures which the House had expressly declared ought to be abolished , could not be touched on till parliament should decide what were to be retained ; and that this office in particular should be considered as entitled to indemnity till parliament should come to discussion on the merits of the rest . Was this declaration of awaiting the decision of parliament paying that consideration to the Resolution of the House which it was entitled to ? If the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer meant by the decision of parliament , the decision of that House , this was already pronounced and recorded . The office was already condemned by the Resolutions of the House , and ought not to be continued . He 914 could not sufficiently condemn such an appointment . It was calculated in a particular manner to implicate the character of his royal highness the Prince Regent . The right hon . gentleman had denied this ; but he would ask him , if he really thought that the master of such a servant as col. M'Mahon was not implicated in his appointment to this office ? The right hon . gentleman had said , that the subject with respect to discussion was precisely as it was before ; and that it was as competent as ever to the House to decide with respect to this office . Did the right hon . gentleman think that he could come as freely to the discussion as if no appointment had taken place ? Did he think he could still discuss it as a plain naked question , whether the office ought or ought not to be abolished ? It would certainly now come forward in a way which was not very fair towards those members who conceived themselves bound to act up to the Resolutions of the House . It was impossible not to feel a difficulty in deciding for the immediate abolition of an office however , useless , filled by a gentleman of whom so much good had been said , and who , in addition to this , enjoyed a situation under his Royal Highness . Into this embarrassing situation had the House been thrown by the counsels of the right hon . gentleman . But however disagreeable the task it would have been a base dereliction of the duty he