proceed to the consideration of the state of the Police . It was no answer to him to say , that the Committee being in the first instance constituted to enquire into the first object , might be subsequently vested with powers to investigate the other ; for , in the pre- 210 sent extremely perturbed state of the pubic mind , it would afford no satisfaction of it to be told , that all the immediate remedy contemplated for the existing evil was some small improvement in the state of the nightly watch . It would be much more satisfactory to announce to the public , that the House had constituted a Committee for the purpose of entering upon an enlarged and vigorous inquiry into the causes of the rapid and alarming increase if crimes . It certainly was most extraordinary to hear the right hon . gent . term he consideration of the causes which prevented people from sleeping quietly in heir beds `` theoretic . '' The right hon . gent . must certainly have meant this observation jocularly . Indeed he had treated in the same manner a very solid and judicious remark made , by an hon . friend tear him . His hon . friend had said , that of by a vigorous exertion of the police , all abandoned characters should be excluded from the metropolis , they would be diffused , and would perpetrate offences elsewhere . On this remark the right hon . gent . had thought fit to be humorous . The intention of his hon . friend was only to shew the necessity of coming at the root of the evil—of ascertaining the defect of the present system . If the House neglected to do this , they would he deficient , in their duty , and he would therefore move as an Amendment to the original motion , the addition of the following words— `` And also into the state of the Police of the metropolis . '' ascribed the origin of the evil complained of , to the Pension List , and to the various other modes by which individuals of the higher classes , and particularly members of that House , partook of the public money , without performing any public service . The enormous expenditure of the state , to which such abuses contributed , had the effect of grinding the lower classes , and of driving them to the commission of offences of which they otherwise would have never thought . professed himself unable to understand the bearing of the noble lord 's observations . He could not conceive what the Pension List had to do with the question before the House . He had no objection to the Amendment proposed by the hon . and learned gent . provided he would consent to substitute the word `` further , '' for the word `` also , '' in order that the primary object of the Committee might be that which he thought a 211 great practical benefit . Adverting to the question of the hon . and learned gent . respecting the persons alleged to have been recently Liberated from the hulks , he allowed that a great many had been so liberated , but be denied that the offences for which then had been confined were of an aggravated nature . He had inquired particularly into the subject , and the information which he had received led him to entertain the firm persuasion that not any of the persons alluded to , had returned to their former depraved , habits of life . He had also endeavoured to investigate the cause of the great and recent increase of crimes , and , as far as he had been , able to discover , it appeared to him that it was to be found in the number of persons who had lately returned from transportation , and had unfortunately resumed their old practices . Injustice to the police officers , he must beg leave to notice the accusation made against them , by the hon . and learned gent . opposite , when