of the country , was this the comment put by ministers upon it ? They sent out this act to tell the people of their commercial prosperity—this first act of what may yet be followed by a bloody code—an act that professedly can neither remedy nor prevent , but hang the criminal without putting a stop to the crime . It was rather an inauspicious act for this new administration to commence with . They begin their new government of a new æra by adding to the capital crimes of the country , an offence arising out of the desperation of unexampled distresses—this , he must say , was rather an unfortunate beginning at so prosperous an sera for so unfortunate a set of ministers ! He asked if they had yet given the people one practical pledge of their sincerity in the cause of economical reform ? They had been lately making enormous additions to their civil establishments , and since that they had again thrown back the Reversion Bill upon the discontents of the country . An hon . gentleman ( Mr. Herbert ) had talked of the White Boy system , in Ireland , and said , that if the Irish Parliament had not resorted to those vigorous measures which were proposed in the present instance , that system might not have been put down . He ( Mr. H. ) could not help thinking this a most unfortunate allusion . The White Boys broke out in 1760—at that period , owing to a great dearth of cattle in consequence of a general murrain in the north of Europe , cattle in Ireland brought so high a price , that it became an object with many landholders to turn their arable into pasture—a system that , by taking in all the commonage , operated in the most hard way upon the poor peasantry . This produced the insurrection denominated White Boys . .—Mr . Speaker , I beg leave 863 to ask whether the hon . gentleman is in order . . I hardly know how to answer that question . If the hon . gentleman is in order , I am at a loss to discover how he is so ( hear , hear ! ) .—The riots of the White Boys were adduced as analogous to those of the Frame Breakers . We were told that the same vigour which had checked the one would now be necessary to put down the other . I answer , first , that admit the analogy , because both species of outrages originated in iniquitous grievances and hardships ; and , secondly , that as the White Boys were put down by redress of their grievances , and not by the rigour of law , that according to the same analogy , you are bound to inquire into the grievances of the Frame Breakers , and to remedy them without delay , as the most effectual way of putting a stop to these outrages . I know not , Sir , whether you can now perceive the applicability of my argument ; or whether you are still at a loss to discover whether , in urging it , I am within the limits of order . I repeat , then , that the vigour of the law failed in putting down the White Boys—that it will fail in putting down the Frame Breakers . But is it meant that the one should be the pure model of the other ? Would you introduce the pitch cap , and the other memorable insignia of torture , so well known in Ireland , though not understood here ? Would you introduce them into England ? The White Boy code was fit only for the meridian of Barbary , as it had , indeed , been well described by a most intelligent writer on the state of Ireland . But look at this subject as you will , you are forced to the consideration of the cause—are any portion of the people of England given to wanton riots ? was this the national character ? was it the character of the