surely some inquiry ought to be made , and it was a mere mockery to acknowledge the right of the House for that purpose , and to refuse the Select Committee the nomination of which he now proposed . It might be stated that the accounts had been audited at the Treasury , but would the House delegate its right of investigation to any but to its own members for that purpose by itself appointed , unless indeed , as in many other cases , particularly in that of the American claimants , boards were established , whose particular function it was to make the requisite investigation . He did not blame any individual administration , because , since the time of Mr. Pitt , these abuses had been continued under every government . There were other items in which they were not left so much in the dark , and which were of a very suspicious nature , —not that he meant to impute any censure against particular persons , or the governments under which these grants had been made . These items were of payments to persons for vessels captured and condemned , but afterwards restored ; or for vessels not condemned , but taken out Of the hands of the captors . * See Vol . 17 , Appendix , p. Ixvi . 952 Among instances of this sort were two '' grants of 20,521l . and 18,000l . to lord Keith , ( a gallant nobleman who deserved the utmost praise , and who would not have done this had it not been the common practice ) because he had detained an American vessel at the Cape of Good Hope , for which an action was brought against him , and he was cast with heavy damages and expensive costs . By such grants cause was given for the complaints against us for the violence of our cruisers ( which were greatly unfounded ) and for the want of redress in our law courts , which was utterly unfounded , as in them there was not the slightest difference made between an American and an Englishman . But it afforded ground for clamour , however unjust , to protect captors harmless whom the law had decided to have been in the wrong . To justify the government in this point alone a Select Committee was necessary . An hon . gentleman ( Mr. Arbuthnot ) when placed in a similar situation , had come down to that House , in all the eagerness of conscious innocence , and made a manly and explicit defence ; accounting for the sums charged against his name , to the last shilling , and even courting the further probation of a committee . Nearly all the individuals , whose names were inserted in these documents , no doubt felt equally anxious to clear their characters from imputation , and not being able to do it in the House , they had a right to claim a full and fair scrutiny in a committee . Rear-admiral Lewis had been paid a large sum for detaining a neutral vessel , and would not America , and justly too without explanation , ask what security , if she continued at peace with us , she had that her neutral shipping should not be seized , if our officers were apparently rewarded for their capture ? The hon . and learned gentleman next noticed a case in which a partiality had been shewn , and that compensation refused to the party which had been granted to others under similar circumstances . This case , on which he dwelt at considerable length , was shortly this : the privateer Daphne , belonging to a Mr. Jacob , in 1799 or 1800 , captured the French vessel Circe , worth 30,000l . which was condemned , and a claim to the contrary disregarded . The year and day for appeal having transpired , the condemnation became final , and 15,000l . was shared among the captors . Ten thousand pounds more lay ready to be distributed . At this 953 point of time an information was