a singular coincidence , that as the services of the gallant earl were the latest object of reward to the royal authority , which for the last year has been in abeyance , so they are the first object of reward to the illustrious personage who has assumed the unrestricted exercise of that authority . Our own conviction of the merits of lord Wellington is well known . But the committee will observe that Great Britain does not stand single in the opinion which she entertains of his deserts . They have been the uniform theme of the applause of our allies , an applause peculiarly manifested at the close of the last distinguished operation in which lord Wellington was engaged ; for when the tidings of that great victory reached the Spanish government , they marked their sense of its value by a signal and honourable stamp of their high approbation . To the merit of this service indeed , the recent dispatches of the enemy themselves afford ample testimony . Those dispatches declare that the occurrence appears incomprehensible . In the first instance , the French general speaks of the great importance of the fortress of Ciudad Rodrigo , and boasts of the preparations which he has made to relieve it , holding out to his master expectations of the most glorious result to the French arms . But when he subsequently learns that this fortress , which he had calculated that it would take nine or ten days to subdue , was reduced in as many minutes , astonishment and dismay take the place of confidence and elation.—Sir , I am convinced that the committee will unanimously agree with me , that we have but one duty to perform on the present occasion , and that is , to adopt the recommendation of his royal highness the Prince Regent , with respect to the proposed grant to the earl of Wellington , for the purpose of enabling him to support the dignity which has been so richly earned , and so promptly conferred . I therefore move , `` That it is the opinion of this committee , That the annual sum of 2,000l . net , be granted to his Majesty out of the consolidated fund of Great Britain , to enable his Majesty to grant the said annuity to general the earl of Wellington , in addition to the annuity already granted by parliament to the said earl , subject to the same limitations as con- 871 tained in that grant , in consideration of the eminent and signal services performed by him in the course of a long series of distinguished exploits in the campaigns in Spain and Portugal . '' .—Sir , I do not rise to oppose the right hon . gentleman 's motion as I agree to its principle , but as I am not satisfied with the manner it is proposed to carry it into effect , I beg leave to trouble the committee with the reasons of my disagreement . It is well known that the commanders of armies under all governments possess the means of enriching themselves by various modes , which attend the power of the sword , and we are not without examples of this power having been effectually exercised both in this island and on the continent by British commanders . In the East , where this illustrious soldier began his active military career , where power peculiarly affords those means , he was invested with high command . During a series of successful and glorious achievements which afforded him opportunities of enriching himself according to the usage of India , it is well known he did not yield to such temptations , but made the service of his country and his own fair fame his only objects . The acknowledgments of the people of those countries , and the sentiments of the armies he commanded , bear unequivocal testimony to his conduct . What has been his conduct since he has been employed in Europe ? In the first of the four years of our military operations in the peninsula , by the most