The merits of the Marine Corps were at once so high and so notorious , as to be acknowledged universally , and to be admitted among the first claimants to the gratitude of their country . If such a body complained of any alleged grievance , their complaint had a weighty claim upon the attention of that House ; but it was not less the duty of that House to see them done justice to , because their commendable sense of their duty , as a military body , had kept them silent , patient , and forbearing , under the consciousness of existing grievances . He did not stand up there to complain on their behalf , as their commissioned advocate . He merely stood forward as an independent member of parliament , to point out what appeared to him to be grievances , and if the House thought them so , to call upon parliament to redress them . The Marine Corps were not placed upon an equal footing with every other corps in 754 the service , either with respect to rank or emolument . All the superior stations of their corps , as for instance , generals and colonels of marines , were filled by navy officers . Their senior commandants , after 50 or 60 years service , were worse paid than even a colonel of militia : they were never placed on the staff , they never obtained either governments or regiments , while both were given to navy officers , who enjoyed lucrative situations in Greenwich hospital and elsewhere , to which marine officers were never once admitted , though they contributed to the support of those establishments . The general of marines , the lieutenant-general , and the major-general , had been , and always were , admirals in the navy . The first had , as general of marines , 5l . a day , the lieutenant-general 4l . and the major-general 3l . a day , exclusive of their pay and rank as admirals , while the senior commandant , or in other words , the acting general of marines , had but 50s . a day , and was allowed but one horse , while the major-general on the staff was allowed , on an average , from ten to fourteen . If marine officers could not be placed upon the staff , there could be no objection to grant them staff allowances proportioned to their rank , at least equal to those enjoyed by the naval generals.—Another hardship peculiar to this service , was the singular slowness by which merit rose to rank . A man with all the zeal of one who loved his country , and with all the ambition of a soldier , might , for 30 or 40 years , be fighting the battles of that country , before he arrived at the rank of a field officer . There was , indeed , a contemptible paucity of field officers . The proportion of these field officers to those of the line , were as one to four , and as one to five , compared with the artillery . The Royal Marine Corps constituted one-fourth of the British navy , and yet among 35,000 men , there were but 45 field officers : while the artillery , not exceeding 17,000 men , had , he believed , eighty field officers . Hence one of the causes of the slow promotion , and hence also the frequent , necessity of imposing on captains not field officers , the duty of field officers . So slow had been the promotion , that there were not then in the line 20 captains of the same standing with the senior captains of the marines . Many of those who were now admirals and generals , were not in the service when some of the senior captains of marines had already distinguished themselves . If this 755 system operated so severely on the higher ranks of officers , how must it be felt by the subalterns ? But it was not so much the feelings of individual classes