the word right , they use it in a qualified sense . I conceive that the Catholics do not deny the force of the general maxim , that 'salus populi suprema lex ; ' but that the right which they assert is the unquestionable right of every British subject , not to be restricted in any thing that is not adverse to the safety of the country . Having now examined the principal topics of the hon . member 's speech , I will proceed to make some observations upon that of the Chief-Secretary of Ireland . It appears to me , that the recent conduct of the Catholics has been greatly misrepresented by him and many others ; and that it is a matter of great importance , that what their conduct has been should be accurately known , inasmuch as it will be highly injurious , not only to them , but to the empire also , to suffer any obstacles to exist , in the way of their emancipation , in addition to those which may fairly belong to it . I shall , therefore , endeavour to shew , what that conduct has been , and what the motives which have guided it . With respect to the speech of the right hon . gentleman , the most accurate description , I think I can give of it , is this—that it was a speech most remarkable for the extravagance of its prefatory accusations , and the impotency of its proofs and conclusions . There was no crime which the right hon . gentleman did not insinuate , or directly charge against the Catholics . Libelling , sedition , treason , rebellion , separation , revolution , each and every of them , he repeatedly attributed to them ; but when we examine the endeavours of the right hon . gentleman to support his case , what do we see ? That the whole of his anger and accusation , and also of his measures , are clearly to be attributed to the soreness which he feels , in consequence of the abuse that has been bestowed upon him through the medium of the public newspapers—from the beginning to the end of his speech the burden of it was this news-paper abuse . Newspaper abuse in January , newspaper abuse in February , newspaper abuse in July , newspaper abuse in December ; and , because this great 625 minister has been thus abused , he thinks he can discover a sufficient justification for all those violent and arbitrary measures which have plunged Ireland into its present state of anxiety and agitation . The right hon . gentleman commenced his statement of the late proceedings of the Catholics , by going over his former charges against the committee of 1810 . But the House can not fail to recollect how feebly he supported those charges in the last session . Their great crime was making violent speeches . No resolution , no overt act was given in proof , to substantiate a single illegal measure against them . Certain speeches were made , which found their way into the newspapers , which were very free in their animadversions on the opposition to the Catholic claims , and on the conduct of government ; and in consequence of those speeches , the right hon . gentleman thought proper to issue his Circular Letter , and thus to impute to the whole body seditious and treasonable intentions . Now , Sir , it does appear to me to be exceedingly cruel and very unjust , to impute any criminal intention to any man for what he may be reported to have said in a public assembly ; much more cruel and unjust to go one step farther , and impute a criminal intention to a whole body of people , for the speeches of certain individuals belonging to it . For speech is so subject to interpretation ; there is so great a difference between indiscretion and malice , and generally so little of the latter in the freedom of public expression , that no wise and temperate