that affair took place : he would remind them that it was at a period when the Spanish envoy in London and the British ambassador at Madrid were employed in carrying on a negociation , and then ask them if they could hesitate to believe that a licence issuing under these circumstances , to make war on unoffending merchantmen , to destroy and burn them before any declaration of hostilities , and to bring the hulks and cargoes of the vessels into British ports , could have possibly sprung from any other cause , or have been directed to any other object ? ( hear , hear ! ) —But admitting , what in fact he never would admit , that the design was as pure as the right hon . gentleman opposite might assert it to be , was it not enough to induce them to condemn that institution as bad and unfit to exist , which served at least to communicate suspicion , and to justify foreigners , as well as the 254 subjects of this government , in believing that a sordid principle had led to the pillage of foreign vessels , and the massacre of their crews , and had at once been the cause of staining the national : character , and plunging the country into all the evils attendant on a state of war ? What more likely than suspicions of this kind to sow dissection at home , to embitter animosities abroad , and alienate every country from our interest ? It was wars of this nature which had disgraced the reign of Henry VIIth , perhaps the meanest and most rapacious of the race of English kings . These wars had been likened by lord Bacon '' to a mixed metal , a treasure made up of a strange ore , in which iron appeared on the surface , but gold and silver were at the bottom . '' If then , he had been correct in estimating the ordinary revenues of the crown at the sum of 180,000l . per annum , and if he had been right in looking , not indeed at the person who were the crown , because that was unconstitutional doctrine , but at ministers , and if not ministers at favourites , as men liable to err , it was unnecessary to press his argument further . Parliament , it was well known , was never reluctant to grant whatever justice and liberality might require . No pro-position that would bear investigation , nothing that had solid merit to support it , ever came before that House in vain . Some might think that parliament was too apt to vote without inquiry , but when there was something to be done that shunned the eye of inquiry , when some vile job was to be accomplished , or some minion odious to the people , whose demerits stood catalogued before their sight , was to be supported ; then it was , that instead of quartering him on the Consolidated Fund , or of ranking him on the Pension List among the Nelsons , the St. Vincents , and the Wellingtons , recourse was had unknown to parliament and the country , to the Droits of Admiralty , or to the four and half per cent . fund—a fund that might fairly be called the general jobbing fund , consisting of annuities and an immense capital to remunerate those vile minions , whose claims to reward the minister would not have the hardihood to bring under the cognizance of parliament . This fund , then , stood exposed in all its native contamination , neither more nor less than a fund unworthy of the royal character to possess ; unworthy of the character of parliament to suffer to exist , If it was 255 thus liable to be made subservient to the worst purposes , it was not incumbent on him to prove that the actual application of it had been abused.— ( Hear , hear ! ) —It was enough if he had established a necessary tendency to corruption ; but as the right