He , 1073 for one , did not comprehend such reasoning . It was only , as he understood it , in proportion to the seriousness of the complaint that the interposition of their lordships could be rendered necessary . adverted to the petition lately presented to the Prince Regent by the manufacturers of Sheffield , praying the repeal of the Orders in Council . He could state , from his own knowledge , that the manufacturers of that part of the country were suffering under the severest distresses , to which they saw no period . Their lordships , he believed , would soon see on their table numerous petitions to a similar effect to that presented to the Prince Regent ; and he would implore them at least to give these people the satisfaction of enquiring into the causes of their sufferings , which were almost beyond endurance . It was the opinion of the petitioners , that the Orders in Council were the causes of their distress ; and let them not , from a refusal of enquiry , have any ground to say , that their sufferings were inflicted , not by the enemy , but by the hands of their own government . He could assure their lordships that the distresses of the manufacturing districts of Yorkshire , and particularly the clothing districts , were extreme . What had happened in Nottingham was but too well known , and it ought not to excite surprise if similar disturbances were to take place in Yorkshire . did not rise to add a single word to the arguments which had been so ably urged in support of the motion , but merely to say , that whatever might be the decision of their lordships upon the present question , he was . persuaded that when the petitions which his noble friend stated to be in preparation were laid on their table , not a man would be found to oppose a deliberate inquiry into the nature and effect of those measures in which the evils so justly complained of by the petitioners , were by them alleged to originate . Whatever might have been said , he could scarcely think it possible that the full consideration of this subject would be then opposed on the grounds of the prosperous state of the manufactures of the country . rose and said : Sir , the motion for the repeal of the Legislative Union stands for next Tuesday , and upon that day it was my fixed determination to have brought it before the House ; but it has been strongly represented to me from different quarters , that in consequence of the Assizes now com 1075 ing on in Ireland , a considerable majority of the persons representing her interests here must then be necessarily absent ; under such circumstances , it would not be doing justice to the question to press its discussions now . I regret exceedingly that any delay should occur , and my great reluctance to postpone it yields only to the imperious necessity arising out of the circumstances I have mentioned , and to that alone , because as to the expediency of the motion itself my opinion remains unaltered and unqualified . I therefore postpone my notice from Tuesday next to Tuesday the 28th of April . thought , that some farther delay ought to be allowed , that the nature and object of the Bill might be more fully investigated . Well regulated theatres , he bad no doubt , were highly proper in all large cities , and contributed , not only to the entertainment of the people , but also to the improvement of their morals . He had no objection , therefore , to the measure merely as a Bill for building a theatre ; but there were some points in the Bill that deserved mature consideration . It might be expedient , in the progress of it through the House , to turn their attention to the state of the metropolis , with regard to its theatres in general , and to consider the foundation and tendency