with which power he Was most anxious should be avoided , and he was sorry the last hon . member had not , on this subject , followed the example held 1132 out by the opener of the debate , but had on the contrary gone out of his way after topics connected with an apprehended war . He should himself endeavour to avoid any deviation of this kind as much as possible , and should touch only on such points as might be necessary for placing the present question in a fair point of view . What was the proposition now before the House ? Instead of being a motion for repealing the Orders in Council , it was a proposition for amalgamating into one , all the contradictory opinions on the subject . It embraced the usual parliamentary expedient on all such occasions , being a motion for a committee to inquire into the trade and manufactures of this country , especially in as far as respected the Orders in Council , and the Licence trade . This was very indefinite indeed : First , as to the Orders in Council . What Orders in Council ? Was it on the whole Orders in Council ? Was it intended that the committee should take into their consideration the whole volume now lying before him ? As well might his hon . and learned friend move for a committee to consider the Statute book . He would not quarrel with the phraseology of the motion if it were explicitly understood , but did his hon . and learned friend , passing over the Orders in Council , January and November 1807 , which were modified and so far superceded by the Order in Council of April 1809 , mean to confine his inquiry to that Order in Council ; or did he mean to extend it to the Order in Council of November 1810 , which went to interdict the coasting trade Of the continent ? He was at a loss to know which he meant ; because the hon . member who spoke last expressly said , that he would never consent to repeal this Order in Council—that he would never consent that France , even through the means of America , should have the carrying trade of Europe , or rather of the world . The hon . and learned mover , too , if he understood him , seemed himself to agree that the only Order in Council in question was that of April 1809 , Before the House came to a vote on this subject then , was it not necessary to see to what the question was directed ? Was it meant to transfer to a Select Committee of that House the whole of the functions which properly belonged to , and could alone be exercised by the cabinet ? Was it meant that it should be delegated to them to determine , not if our manufacturers were in distress ; but , if a neutral 1133 power , ( the only one probably now left ) because situated in another part of the world , was to be permitted to carry on all the trade of the world ? Was this committee to decide on all questions in which this country was interested , commercial as well as political ? If all this was in the contemplation of the hon . and learned mover , he was satisfied there could be no person who must not be startled by it . For a committee so constituted what were the grounds ? He had heard the hon . and learned mover , and also the last speaker , state the great distress of the manufacturers of the country , and the general opinion that there was something wrong , as reasons for the appointment of this committee . No attempt , however , had been made , that he had heard , to deduce this from the Orders in Council . Had they attempted to shew that the Orders in Council had had the effect of producing this evil , or that their repeal