? denied that he had made any such statement ; and he denied that it was the intention of parliament to deprive the crown of any means of reward for such services as might be deemed worthy of reward ; nor could he 904 believe otherwise , till such intention , if it existed , was passed into a law . agreed with gentlemen in thinking that the Prince Regent ought to have the means of rewarding old and faithful servants ; but the question was , whether or not the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had not , under all the circumstances of the case , grossly misconducted himself in advising the grant of this sinecure in the teeth of a Resolution of that House . At the time that the House came to that Resolution , he was anxious that there should be some specific understanding between the hon . gentleman ( Mr. Bankes ) and the Chancellor of the Exchequer , as to what was to be done after the passing of that resolution until the meeting of parliament ; for sure he was that otherwise the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer would , at the first opportunity , set their resolutions at defiance : indeed , the right hon . gentleman had told them , that he did not think them operative upon him , because , truly , he himself had always opposed them ; but if the right hon . gent . had been at all anxious to preserve any show of decency in the mode of this grant , why could he not have suspended the office till the meeting of parliament ? But it seemed that in granting the office , he had told the gallant colonel , that he was to receive it subject to the will of parliament—a mighty condescension truly ! as if the right of parliament to quash any such grant depended upon this saving condition made by the right hon . gentleman . But had he done his duty to his royal master , by thus holding him up as a public spectacle , and exposing him in one of the most prominent acts of a new reign to so much clamour and ill humour ? As for the hon . colonel , no blame attached to him . He was offered a good place with nothing to do , and he took it , but certainly the Chancellor of the Exchequer had placed him in a most awkward situation . Was there no other way of rewarding the services of the gallant colonel than by flying in the face of a resolution of that House , and exposing the Prince Regent to all the opprobrium of such a grant , dragging him as it were through the dirt for the last six months , by making him so prominent in granting a sinecure in the purest and most disgusting sense of the word—and after all , what must be the consequence ? —the hon . colonel could not keep it . He could not possibly rise on Tuesday morning in possession of it . He lamented the circum- 905 stance , for he thought most respectably of the claims of that hon . colonel to the Prince 's kindest notice , and was of opinion that he had been most hardly treated in being made to accept of so objectionable an office . He should give his decided vote for striking it out of the Items . said , be would not grant any sinecure or reversionary places which did not come under the authority of parliament . It was impossible for him to characterize the ill-humour of the expressions made use of on the subject by the other side of the House . He never felt that any person was responsible for the advice given on this subject to the Prince Regent , but himself . He thought it was a fair exercise of his duty , as parliament had not enacted that sinecures should be done away with . The Resolution of the House of Commons was nothing