a King who had had for fifty years the good opinion of his people , it would be indecent to commence the proposed enquiries . '' Is it now '' ( said Mr. C. ) '' that we will begin to make comparisons between the late and present King , to the disadvantage of the latter , and for that purpose to make erroneous statements of fact ? For that has been done by an 741 hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Brougham ) . Is it now , that we will apply the contemptuous epithet of nonsense to the religious scruples of the royal breast ? Is it now that we will , for the first lime , commence enquiries into the detail of the King 's Household , from which we have hitherto abstained ? thought , that without the power to send for persons , papers , and records , the committee would be of no avail and that if the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer meant to refuse that power , he had much better act with sincerity at once , and refuse the committee altogether . hoped that the House would not now do any thing which might seem to exhaust the motion of which an hon . friend of his had given notice for to-morrow , and also another motion of which he himself had given notice for Friday . He alluded to the name of Mr. Stratton , and expressed his surprise that the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Arbuthnot ) had not done justice to him in his statement . said , that not a more honourable man than Mr. Stratton existed , and he might even add , that he had perhaps more merit in the principles he had laid down than Sir W. Drummond himself . contended , that if the committee were not to have proper powers , it would be better that the matter should not go to a committee at all . He thought a committee of that House might be so far trusted as that it might be believed they would not unnecessarily inquire into any thing which delicacy forbad them making public . was against the appointment of a committee , unless it was to be an effectual one , The country was wearied out , and must naturally now begin to think that all committees were appointed for the purposes of deception and of delay . propose ed , that the name of Mr. N. Vansittart should be substituted for that of lord A. Hamilton . said , he would rather have Mr. Vansittart 's name added to the committee . objected , because the committee was to consist only of 21 members , and the addition would make it 22. said , he had frequently been on committees originally consisting only of 21 , to which members had been added , making them 22 and 23. said the same ; and that if the right hon . gentleman did not consent to have the name added , he should take the sense of the House on the proposed substitution . A division accordingly took place on the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's motion.—Ayes 84 ; Noes 26. then moved , '' That the Committee have power to send for persons , papers , and records ; '' upon which a second division took place , —Ayes 27 ; Noes 80 . Majority against Mr. Eden 's motion 53 . After the divisions , Mr. Eden and Mr. Tierney declared their determination not to attend the Committee ; seeing that it was destitute of the necessary powers . rose , pursuant to notice , to make a motion upon this subject , and he thought the present moment a peculiarly fit one , when a new agreement was to be made with the executive government , and when , therefore , we ought 743 precisely to know what was to be granted . With regard to these duties , it was his opinion they were the property of the inhabitants of Barbadoes , and ought to be applied to