hope that the House would not go into a com- 1126 mittee to enquire into a question which laid wholly upon the surface , and amounted simply to this , whether we should open the trade of the world to France or not ? regarded the subject as one of so much importance , that he could not think he discharged his duty in that House , if he permitted it to pass without offering a few observations . The question seemed to be , not whether the Orders in Council should be repealed , but whether , from the general and evident distress in every part of the country , there must not be something radically wrong in our commercial system , which called for inquiry . This appeared to him more particularly the case , when we were told , as we had been by the right hon . gentleman , that our shipping , our trade , and every thing connected with them , were in a prosperous state . What that inquiry , however , would be , to what it would specifically lead , whether to establish the fact that the Orders in Council had completely failed in their original purpose , whether they were radically bad , or whether the licence system had arisen from them , was for the future consideration of the committee moved for by his honourable and learned friend . For himself , be had no hesitation in stating it as his opinion , that our first deviation from the strict line of sound policy , was when we issued those Orders , when we listened to the bravadoes of France , and fettered and interrupted neutral commerce by our retaliatory system . We had struck at American commerce , and we had substituted for it a French commerce , which the gentlemen on the ether side must well know . He decidedly condemned the sort of neutral trade , if it might be so called , which was now carried on ; and if it were possible to substitute an American carrier for those sham neutral carriers , he thought it would be highly for the benefit of the country , an opinion which , he believed , none would be prepared to deny . In examining whether our Orders in Council had failed or not , it would be necessary to consider what was the professed object of their institution . We were , at that time , carrying on a good trade ; but a neutral was also carrying on a good trade , and we hoped that our Orders in Council would suppress that neutral 's trade , and transfer it all to ourselves . Had such been the case , however ? We had , indeed , put an end to the trade of the neutral , but had we got it all for ourselves ? We had 1127 not . That sort of grasping policy had been defeated , as it always was , and as it always ought to be . The right hon . gentleman admitted that our trade with North America had fallen off , but then , as a sort of counterbalance , he maintained that our trade to the whole of that quarter of the globe had increased . There was a fallacy in this argument which he would point out . It should be remembered , that when the United States re-exported the manufactures of Great Britain to the Spanish colonies we were at war with Spain , and therefore they did us a benefit , as a neutral state , in carrying on a kind of smuggling trade for us with those places . When we came to peace with Spain , there was no fear that America could rival us in those markets . The general increase with regard to the other parts of America , arose from what went to the Brazils , and which formerly went through Lisbon , but which was now conveyed direct from England . He had looked also into the amount of exports to Spanish America from the United States