defiance of such advice , I had determined to stand aloof ; —to view with indifference proceedings which , if not legal , were certainly not to be countenanced or suffered ; —to shut my eyes to the dangers which might possibly result from such an assembly in the metropolis of Ireland , assuming ( if indeed it intended to assume ) the form and character of a Convention . Whether the information upon , which the Irish government acted was or Was not correct , —whether the advice which they received upon the law was sound advice , —are surely not questions to be indirectly decided by a vote of the House of Commons . A question as to the violation of a positive law , by these or by any other 517 transactions , would be so far from affording ground for a motion like the present , that it seems to me a sufficient answer to such a motion to show , that the matter to which it refers is in a state of judicial process . I can not think that any thing has happened , from the beginning of the unfortunate differences between the government of Ireland and the Catholic Committee up to the present moment , which calls upon the House to set to Ireland the fearful example of an interference , on the part of the legislative authority , with the regular course of the legal tribunals . It has been said that there are cases in which a government might act upon the bare letter of a law , yet with a purpose of vexation and oppression . Undoubtedly written law must , in the nature of things , be often lamentably deficient as a rule of moral or political conduct . But surely we are not to go into a committee to examine and scrutinize into the motives of government , so long as in their acts there is nothing legally blamble . The legality of their acts must be taken primâ facie as a presumption of the purity of their motives—at least until , by some facts or arguments such as I have not yet heard , a strong presumption has been raised the contrary way : —and the opinions of those legal authorities which the Irish government were bound to respect , —and in defiance of which they could not have acted without incurring a most severe responsibility , —must be taken as presumption of the legality of their conduct until those authorities are over-ruled by some higher decision . Neither would the investigation of the motives of the government be the only business of such a Committee . There is another party , beside the government , namely , the Catholics themselves , whose conduct must necessarily be subjected to the same scrutiny . If the legal application of the Convention act would not be sufficient to acquit the government of tyrannical disposition , neither , by parity of reasoning , would the legality of the Convention itself ( supposing even that established ) be sufficient to acquit the Catholics of an imputed disposition to turbulence and mischief . If the government might be rightly advised in respect to the jaw and yet might act maliciously , in dispersing or preventing the Convention ; the Catholics might , on the other hand , intend to turn even a lawful assembly to Improper purposes . 518 I impute not such motives to either party . I do not believe them of either . I believe that the Catholics thought themselves warranted in the mode of their meeting , and proposed to meet for purposes perfectly legitimate . I believe the government to have sincerely apprehended danger from such meetings ; and , it is perfectly natural that , being advised that they had the power to prevent them , they should not only have felt themselves justified in using that power , but should have thought it unjustifiable not to use it . If this be the true state of the case , there is nothing for a Committee to inquire into . If otherwise , I know not