two were continued , where would be the reciprocity of interest ? Irish distillers , indeed , might , as was no doubt anxiously wished , be prosperous , but the English would be ruined . What then was the situation in which we stood ? The hon . gentleman was of opinion that this clause was of great importance to the manufactures , the agriculture , and the revenues of Ireland . True ; it was of infinite consequence , particularly to the latter ; but what was the result of the experiment made to prevent the distillation from grain throughout the whole empire , at a time when the inhabitants were starving for want of bread ? Did it save grain in Ireland ? No : on the contrary , it only occasioned a greater consumption . Bid it increase the revenue ? No : for the effect was to encourage illicit distillation to such an extent , as greatly to diminish the duties of excise . Here , then , in this Bill was an endeavour to rescue Ireland from the inconvenience so loudly complained of before ; yet although it was a concession to the wishes formerly expressed , nothing could satisfy gentlemen pre-determined to be dissatisfied , and therefore they still objected to the clause.—To what , then , would the hon . gentleman , the renowned and avowed champion of the interests of Ireland , the representative of the distillers of that country , drive the House by his arguments , if arguments they might be called ? Not to allow the distillation of grain , but to prevent it , to the prejudice of all his constituents . Thus he would not permit the present ministry even to benefit his country without complaining , and proving himself instead of being the warmest friend , the greatest enemy to Ireland . He was extremely anxious to in- 325 jure the agriculture , manufactures and revenues of Ireland , because , forsooth , it was the anxious wish of government to promote their prosperity . The measure , itself was introduced for a great object of national advantage , without a pretence for asserting that there was any underhand attempt like an assassin with a smile upon his countenance , to strike a blow of destruction . How , then , did the proposition stand ? Parliament taking a deliberate view of the interests of both countries , but particularly of Ireland , had agreed to sanction by a majority a measure to promote them , introduced by the minister of the day . This bill , however , was not to be supported by some few individuals , because they said that the same minister might bring in a bill with a directly opposite design ; but did the conclusion at all follow , that because the House had approved by its votes of the beneficial plan , that it would support the minister in the promotion of a ruinous scheme ? Yet in order to maintain what the hon . gentleman contended for , such must be his proposition , however absurd it may appear . `` Do not , '' said the hon . gent , and the noble lord , `` adopt this measure , which will be advantageous , because it may be followed by a bill which will be detrimental . '' It appeared to the Chancellor of the Exchequer that there were a species of reformers , as they termed themselves , in the country , who , in order to justify their conduct , must support the converse of that proposition . Ministers were accused now of doing present good for the sake of doing future mischief : the reformers were doing present mischief for the sake of doing future good . From the first line of conduct he could not foresee that much injury could arise to mankind ; from the latter , it was evident that certain and immediate detriment would ensue . observed , that the views of the Chancellor of the Exchequer upon this subject were certainly more accurate than those of the