he had no doubt , would be both willing and ready to defend the practice ; The hon . and learned gentleman concluded , with ex '' pressing his determination to vote against the resolutions . observed , in explanation , that his hon . and learned friend was mistaken as to the precedent of grants to the royal family being first given during Mr. Fox 's administration from the papers it appeared , that in 1805 , when Mr. Pitt was in office , there had been a grant of 26,000l . to the princess of Wales ; 15,000l . to the duke of Cumberland ; 10,000l . to the duke of Kent ; and 19,500l . to the late duke of Glocuester . passed a high encomium on the speech of the hon . and learned mover , and maintained that several acts of the legislature proved indubitably that the Droits of Admiralty were not solely vested in the crown , but were also under the controul of parliament . , in allowing the merit of eloquence to the hon . and learned mover , claimed for Mr. Stephen that of sound reasoning , and considered the speech of the latter gentleman as a plain and distinct answer to whatever had been advanced on the other side of the House . He defied the hon . gentleman to point out a single abuse , and could not conceive the difference they had attempted to draw between prizes , which no one disputed , to the king , and the Droits of Admiralty , which were the objects of the present motion . He maintained , that if the crown had not possessed the means and the power of indemnifying naval officers , many of the gallant men who had so 269 largely contributed to the safety and to the glory of their country , would have ended their days in a prison . He mentioned the case of lord Nelson , then captain Nelson , who , when stationed in the West Indies , after the American war , had actions brought against him for upwards of 20,000l. , for having enforced the Navigation Act , to which this country was indebted for its naval pre-eminence . He did at the time investigate the case of captain Nelson , who had acted perfectly right , but who , nevertheless , might have been ruined and stopped in his glorious career . He promised and gave him every kind of support , but this he could not have been able to do , if the Droits of Admiralty , the only fund disposable for that purpose , had not been at the disposal of the crown . said he would state in a few words the grounds and object of his vote . He did not wish to consider how the money had been applied , nor did he charge misapplication of it on any individuals ; for in that case , the business would have come under the consideration of parliament , in a very different form from the present . His view was to inquire , as these funds were of a permanent nature , and were likely always to exist , who ought to have the controul over them . No doubt in any future appropriation of those funds , a great part of them in any case would be applied as heretofore . But the question was , who was to have the controul of it ? Surely it ought to be parliament ; and to say that no misapplication had yet taken place , was really no answer ; if there was a possibility of misapplication , it was the duty of every member of parliament , who did not wish to depart from his public duty , to provide against any such possibility of abuse . The luminous and masterly statement which his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Brougham ) had that night submitted to them , would have astonished all who heard him , were it not known , and had he not by his eloquence on former occasions ,