to clear up the preliminary view of the question , by stating exactly the case as it stands among persons entertaining a diversity of opinion on the subject . The fundamental principle on which this new system of commercial policy is founded , has always professed itself to be a retaliatory principle . It is of indispensible importance , therefore , to un- 1095 derstand what that system was on which it was pretended to retaliate . The end of our Orders in Council , says the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , is to retort upon the enemy the evils of his own injustice . Their object , says the noble President of the Board of Trade , ( lord Bathurst ) , is to counteract the designs of Buonaparté ; their principle , as sir William Scott pronounced , is to produce a reflex-operation upon the trade and manufactures of France . Without knowing , then , fully and precisely what this system is , of which the obstruction and turning back form the basis of our own policy , it is utterly impossible that we can arrive at any safe or sound conclusion , or that the discussion can serve any useful purpose . Now , this system of policy maybe distinctly traced to one of the first principles of the French government , the principle of destroying the commerce of its enemies , although its own trade should be the necessary sacrifice . That this is the principle which lies at the bottom of its whole policy , there is abundant evidence to convince us . It is a sacrifice on the part of France of all the advantages in point of revenue , wealth and prosperity , arising out of trade , to what is called the continental system—a system purely anti-commercial . A long train of measures have , for a long period , been directed to this exclusive object . Undoubtedly , Buonaparté has expressed a wish for ships , colonies , and commerce , but he was no sooner awakened from the vision by some new victory of our navy , than he found that the only means left him of accomplishing his ulterior designs , and of gratifying the first passion of his mind—unceasing hatred towards this country—was to sacrifice all his own commercial views and interests to the destruction of ours , and he returned with avidity to his former and favourite system . I am borne out fully by his acts , and justified by the whole tenour of his government , in asserting that the French ruler looks upon commerce in general as necessarily hostile to his interests . The Conscription alone might serve to convince us of his determination to sacrifice his commercial to his military system . What was his conduct when you first determinined to hamper the importation of colonial produce into his dominions ? 'With all my heart , ' said France , 'your colonial produce shall not enter my 'ports at all . ' We had long employed ourselves in devising schemes for preventing 1096 the introduction of cotton into the enemy 's ports . In August , 1810 , after the revocation of the French Decrees had filled the ports of France with American merchantmen , laden with this commodity , a duty of sixty sous per lb was imposed by Buonaparté on the import , amounting to nearly a total prohibition . The inhabitants of Bourdeaux represented their distresses to the government , but their representations were answered by the declaration that it was too late to talk of trade ; France was a country of arms . The merchants of Hamburgh poured in their complaints , in reply to which they were told that the French emperor wished to see among his subjects none but soldiers and peasants . In order to gloss over this system with the tinsel of theories , we find the French ministers declaiming on the advantages of agriculture . A book has been published by Talleyrand , in which be labours to shew that the exclusive encouragement of agriculture is the true