and perilous experience . The object of the law was to prevent the formation of a peculiar description of assembly , which experience had proved to be dangerous ; unnecessary for the representation to the Crown or to Parliament of any just or legitimate popular grievance ; calculated exclusively for mischief ; a proper organ of disorder ; a ready instrument of confusion ; but useless and unmanageable for any good , honest , or lawful purpose . This law does not inquire , what may be the object of the Convention , to be ascertained by its previously declared purpose , or by its acts when convened ; the act of election , the act of meeting in such an assembly , for whatever purpose , are the crimes prohibited by this statute . The criminal intention , the `` malus animus , '' is by this law plainly declared to be , the intention of forming such an assembly as the statute describes . The government of Ireland therefore was not only authorised , but required by law , to prevent the election of such an assembly , or if elected , to disperse its meeting , and to prosecute all persons , who had violated the statute , either at such election , or in such assembly . The policy both of the statute , and of the proceeding of the government of Ireland , has been arraigned . These points could not form the question upon the noble earl 's argument . But lord Wellesley approved the policy of the statute , and thought that the lord lieutenant was well advised , when his grace enforced it . The enforcement of the statute was salutary , not only for the tranquillity of Ireland , but for the peculiar interests of the Roman Catholic cause . He remembered some of the early Conventions in Ireland , of which the experience had led to the enactment of this law . At the distant period of 1783 , in the administration of the earl of Northington , ( although opposed in parliament to the government 435 of that day , ) he had in Ireland resisted the establishment of a Convention , and his conduct had been sanctioned by the applause of Mr. Fox , then Secretary of State . Lord Wellesley had always continued to disapprove this description of assembly , and had concurred most cordially in the wise policy of the Irish statute of 1793 , which was intended to prohibit the formation of all such assemblies , and to protect the tranquillity of the Country from the precarious chance of the proceedings of a body , which could not even be constituted without a violation of the established order of the state , and which could not act without danger to regular authority . The very existence of such a body was perilous ; its acts , if otherwise innocent , must be injurious to public order , because they must tend to disturb the respect which is due alone to the lawful sovereign and legislature of the realm . The law therefore , which was of general application , equally affecting Protestants and Catholics , was a wise and salutary statute , of preventive policy . It was prudent in the government of Ireland to enforce it , more especially against a plan of Catholic Convention , which could not be carried into effect without aggravated danger to the country , nor advance one step without aggravated mischief to the Roman Catholics themselves . How was this salutary law carried into execution ? —Was no warning voice heard from the executive power in Ireland ? Was no friendly admonition uttered , before the strong hand of the law was extended to vindicate the King and the country against the assailants of public order ? Their lordships should know that the lord-lieutenant had abstained , with a degree of forbearance , verging upon indiscretion , from the exercise of his legal powers , until the intention of electing and of convening the assembly , prohibited by the statute , was plainly avowed . Even then ,