, a place more likely to suffer than any other , by the pressure of the times , he had good reason for stating from private information which he had obtained from thence , that there was not a ship belonging to that port , which was not at present either absolutely engaged , or on the point of being employed . 1120 The hon . and learned gentleman bad asked , why were not American vessels made use of ? The answer was , they experienced exactly the same treatment with other neutrals—no distinction had been made . It was therefore most unfounded to say , that any partiality had been evinced in favour of one state or of another by government , but a preference was given by the merchants to other foreign ships , as being safer , and less liable to suspicion in the continental ports . The trade with the Spanish and Portuguese settlements of America was at least equally advantageous with that which had been recently carried on with the United States . In proof of this , it must be observed , that for the last ten years the American trade had been carried on from a seventh to a twenty-third part in British shipping . When the commercial treaty of 1797 was concluded with America , it was founded on the principle of reciprocal advantage . There was a stipulation mutually to relax the duties on the importation of goods from the two countries ten per cent , on the gross amount of the customary duties . But no sooner had this treaty been concluded , than America doubled her imposts , while those of Great Britain remained stationary . Such a measure , every gentleman must see , amounted almost to a prohibition of the commodities of this country . Again , looking to the benefits which England would obtain from trading with the Spanish and Portuguese settlements , it was not to be forgotten that this country would not only derive the mercantile profits , but also those which were connected with the navigation . In his opinion , nothing could be more palpable than the disadvantageous situation in which Great Britain would have been placed , but for the intervention of the Orders in Council : if it had not been for them , France would have possessed the great benefit of trading with all the ports of Europe , which were shut against England , and she would have been enabled to furnish herself , from America , with every article which she wanted , particularly with the raw materials for her manufactures—and , above all , with cotton , respecting which manufacture she had latterly shewn great anxiety . What had been the origin of the Orders in Council ? France said that there should be no trade to England . Our answer was—an answer which we had the power to enforce—that nothing should go to France that did not come to her through England . 1121 We had a right to say to neutral powers , that if they tolerated a regulation of one of the belligerents inimical to our commercial interests , they must tolerate a regulation on our part in defence of those interests . Nothing hostile was intended to wards America . On the contrary , every degree of attention and kindness was shown to her by Great Britain . The conduct of France towards America was directly the reverse . Had Buonaparté seized none of her shipping , and had he not , going be yond what the laws of nations allowed , decreed , that every ship coming from England should be confiscated ? An immense confiscation of American property was the consequence ; but the United States passed over the insult unnoticed . Encouraged by this supineness , Buonaparté went further , and on advice of his Court of Admiralty , determined that any French cruizer that fell in with an American vessel , which she supposed was on a voyage to England , might burn and destroy her . Then followed the Milan Decree , and on a remonstrance