, as there was no want of speaking , whatever other want there might be in that House , they would be told , that so great was the depreciation on account of the overgrowing bullion circulation , that what was sufficient in 1804 , would not be sufficient in , the right hon . gentleman would say perhaps , 1812 . He would not say that—for the fact was , that it was not sufficient in 1805 . In the year 1805 there was an arrear on the civil list ; and unless one year 's depreciation of the bullion , for so the gentlemen were pleased to term it , should have been so great as to account for this effect , how was he to account for this increase of nearly 130,000/ . above the estimate of 1804 ? This argument of the depreciation , therefore , if good for any thing , must have been applicable in 1805 . But , said the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , there 386 might be some items of the expence of 1805 incurred in 1804 ; but how would : this account for the excess of 1806 and 1807 ? Unless , then , the depreciation had attained its maximum in 1805 , the argument was good for nothing.—The hon . and learned gentleman then went into some particulars respecting the arrears of the civil list.—In contrasting the sixteen years previous to 1804 , with the seven which succeeded it , it would be found , that during the latter period , the civil , list was annually larger , by 240,000l . than in the former . Comparisons had been drawn , between the expences of an earlier period , and those of the present day ; and here he begged gentlemen to consider how differently this question was dealt with in the last and in the present reign . When George the 2nd came to the throne , parliament agreed to give him 700,000l . per ann . for his civil list ; and if the funds on which that sum was chargeable did not produce sufficient , parliament were to make up the deficit . There was no bargain respecting any overplus . After the expiration of 20 years , a deficit of 420,000l . of those funds had occurred . This sum was accordingly made good by parliament . it happened , however , that these funds in time increased beyond the estimate , and during the remaining thirteen years of his reign there was a surplus of 115,000l . How was this surplus dealt with by this honest and conscientious Prince ? It was not considered as private property ; it was not laid out in the purchasing of lands , as might have been done ; but he allowed it to accumulate , and paid over the sum to the Exchequer , for the relief of the people from whom it was drawn , as well as the amount of the Droits of Admiralty , which had accumulated , after one of the most brilliant and successful wars which was ever waged to the glory of any people . He did not think of laying out any part of this sum in the purchase of freehold and copyhold estates , ( Hear , hear ! ) repeatedly from the Chancellor of the Exchequer . ) The right hon . gentleman seemed to be so mightily taken with the precedent , that he would advise him to a. repetition of it , at a time when there was a much greater occasion for it.—The hon . and learned gentleman , next instanced the conduct of Queen Anne , who paid 100,000l . in aid of . the taxes . out of the privy purse , besides having . built Blenheim , and several churches and public edifices . It was a precedent which 387 he thought might be followed with advantage . The attention of the House had been sedulously directed to the care which it was deemed right to take for the support of the dignity of the royal