earl sure of this ? Did not the present construction go to take from the delegates all right to meet for the purpose of petitioning ; and was it not notorious at the time this bill was in its progress , that all its supporters agreed in protesting in the strongest manner against any interference with the rights of the Catholic delegates to petition ? His noble and learned friend ( Erskine ) had been conclusive upon this point , although there was one passage in his very able speech in which he could not concur with him , and that was where he seemed to think that the possibility of this question coming before them by writ of error should make 469 them more delicate in expressing their sentiments upon it then . He thought otherwise . For were they to consult their judicial functions only ? Had they not also great political functions to exercise , and weighty state duties to discharge ? And if he saw a set of men endeavouring to strain , pervert and torture a law to their own mischievous purposes , was he to wait the slow progress of the subject 's complaint to the bar of that House ? Was he to delay to complain of it as a peer of parliament , until he had decided upon it as a judge ? If ministers were to quarter the guards upon the city of London , or resort to any other measure of vigour , that might be shamelessly extravagant , without being inconsistent , would it be admitted as a defence that they crept within the limits of law , though they had broken through , and strayed far beyond , all the limits of sound policy or ordinary discretion ? And here he was not arguing the construction of the Convention act : they might construe it as they pleased ; but surely they ought to prove that they were right in enforcing it ? Suppose the Convention act was all that they pretend it was , did this necessarily justify their acting upon it in the manner they had done ? But how was it that they justified it ? The conduct of the Catholics was illegal , and therefore they enforced the Convention act . But had they shewn that the conduct of which they complained was illegal , that it was a violation of the Convention act ? The election of Delegates ? What ! Was that the first instance ? Did they forget the year 1793 , when the Delegates were over here , and introduced to his Majesty ? The Committee was then , he contended , the same as the Committee now existing . This , which now was loaded with every opprobrium , and charged as being the nurse of discontent and tumult , and sedition , was at that time suffered to remain unmolested . What , he asked , was the character of the Catholic body at that day , when they had their Delegates and their Committees in every part of Ireland ? The preamble of the Bill passed at that time in favour of Catholic concessions , recited the cause of them , by describing the `` peaceable and legal demeanor of the Catholics , '' and yet at that very time they had their Delegates and their Committees—at that very time when the legislature recorded its testimony to their peaceable and legal demeanour . But it did not stop there . This did not 470 merely prove that the existence of those assemblies was not inconsistent with the peace , loyalty , and good conduct of the Catholics , but it proved also what was the intent of the legislature at the time of its passing this law . In fact , the object of the law was , not to interfere at all with those sorts of meetings , but to prevent such assemblies as the one that met at Dungannon , and that which was to have taken place of all the Irish delegates at Athlone . The object was to suppress general meetings and general