of Admiralty were not mentioned in the Statute 'de prerogativa regis , ' that , therefore , they were illegal . In what respect did the Droits of Admiralty differ from other prizes ? All prizes whatever were vested in the crown . The fact was , that there had not been a statute passed since the reign of queen Anne , in which the right of the crown had not been recognized by parliament . Did he mean to say that it was necessary it should have been mentioned in that statute ? He would refer him to the various prize acts which had from time to time been passed . If the Droits of Admiralty were not vested in the crown , to whom then did they belong ? In whom were they vested before the establishment of the civil list ? But the civil list acts did take this property from the crown . On the grants in the civil list act , there were parts of the royal revenue retained by the crown , and among others , the Droits of Admiralty ; but the argument of the hon . and learned gentleman would go to leave so much in the situation of a privy purse , and to take out the present . Now , where was the accuracy of distinguishing these droits from the other reserved parts of the revenue , from the revenues of the Duchy of Lancaster for instance ? It was not exactly as the hon . and learned gentleman had stated , that the magnitude of these droits in former times was never considerable ; for the droits which arose out of the six years war were really of some size , as 6 or 700,000l . were in existence at the period when the civil list act passed , which were afterwards granted to that 272 fund , in the same manner as the proceeds in the Spanish or Dutch cases alluded to , had been applied to clearing off the debts on that fund . It was material that a question of this nature should rest on a proper foundation ; but in the present case , the foundation on which the hon . and learned gentleman voted , had been taken from under him by those gentlemen who had adopted his side of the argument . They had disclaimed any intention of stating any instances of abuse , and they merely contended , that there was a liability to abuse ; but a very material part of the speech of the hon . and learned gentleman , which , whatever impression it might make on the House , was certainly calculated to make an impression out of it , was , that the government of this country had been guilty of successive acts of abuse—that if any distinguished character was to be rewarded , the minister came before parliament with the claim ; but if any minion who might excite disgust in every person who heard his name , was to be rewarded , it was done out of the Droits of Admiralty . Would any man suppose that the hon . and learned gent , would have brought forward an argument of this sort , when it appeared that he could not point out an item of all that eight millions which had been bestowed to a favourite of ministers ? Was this fair to the country ? Was it fair , he would ask , to inflame the passions of the country with a statement of abuses which he could not particularise ? Was it fair that he should take no notice of the large deductions from the amount for the necessary claims upon it ? The case of Sir Home Popham was the only one which he thought proper to mention . This solitary case , which had before been satisfactorily explained to the House , was , it seems , all that by ingenuity and industry , he was able to bring forward . But what was singular enough , was that the very first item of the debts of the civil list