were to confine all he had to offer to that one subject , he thought he should find , even in that alone , ample matter to persuade the House to grant the motion with which he should conclude . But he should not confine himself to that part of the subject : he should take a short review of the leading public events since the right hon . gentleman came into office . He should endeavour to shew the House what appeared to him to be the awfully alarming state of the country ; and , what in his mind was not the least alarming symptom , the lethargy of that House for so long a time , and while such events were passing . He should call upon them , in the name of their country , to rouse from their torpor , and ask every unprejudiced man if , seeing the condition to which they were at last reduced , he could conscientiously ay his hand upon his heart , and say there was not sufficient ground for going into the committee . His view should be directed a little further back than the time at which the present ministers entered on office . The year 1806 had terminated most disastrously for the liberties of Europe . He should not stop to say any thing upon 990 the ineffectual struggles of Russia against France , or upon the selfish and dastardly policy which at that time dictated the perfidious conduct of the court of Prussia . In the following year the battles of Eylau and Friedland—the last of which was fought , he believed , after the right hon . gentleman had come into power—those battles might be said to have decided the fate of the continent , and to have fulfilled the prediction of Sully , that France would one day arrive at the universal dominion of Europe . The peace of Tilsit left France no enemy to contend against but England—all her means were immediately directed against our commerce , and the Berlin and Milan Decrees had about as much effect against England as ours taken in retaliation had against France . The first expedition sent out by the new administration was that of Copenhagen . All the applause he could give ministers , they should have from him most willingly—he regretted that their conduct had rendered the portion he could spare them so very inconsiderable ; but of the Copenhagen expedition he had originally approved , and his opinion remained unaltered . If the merits of that expedition were to be considered according to the naked abstract principle merely , nothing could be more atrocious or more profligate : but where was the maxim , however generally true , that must not give way to necessity , and in that case he thought the necessity justified the expedition.—The hon . baronet next adverted to the breaking out of the war in the peninsula . A right hon . gentleman , whose fervour on all great public questions was so well known—he meant the member for Ilchester ( Mr. Sheridan ' ) , had come down , and in his place in that House had with his accustomed eloquence called the immediate attention of ministers to the critical state of Spain . There was in short but one heart , but one mind , but one feeling within that House and throughout the country , as to the necessity of giving Spain the most speedy , cordial , and effectual assistance . Ministers might be said to have been almost invited by parliament to ask for their aid . In such a state the first duty of ministers was to have so arranged with Spain , as that the assistance of this country might be given and applied in the best and most efficient manner ; but there was no such plan resorted to—no method , no regulations or arrangements were thought to be previously-necessary . Ministers did nothing 991 in co-operation with the Spanish government , to collect all the feelings of the Spanish people into one energetic effort , or to give that