the activity of Buonaparte , his ability in laying down his plans , his perseverance in carrying them into execution , and yet they did not seem to consider the danger which would threaten this country , if such men as the Irish were once goaded by injustice , to place themselves under his guidance . Was England to throw away her main strength , when the most arduous part of the contest was yet to come ? Was she to throw her breastplate away before she had rightly entered the lists ? But it seemed that if concessions were granted to the Roman Catholics , dangers were apprehended to the Church of England . These dangers he considered as imaginary , and to be realized only by the refusal of those very concessions . On the other hand , it had been stated , that the public opinion in this country was not so much in favour of the Roman Catholic claims as it had been formerly . The noble lord knew how those artificial feelings had been excited ; and he cautioned the men , who , for their own 460 purposes , were so busy in creating religious animosities , to beware how they proceeded in that work of darkness ; they might raise a spirit which they could not conjure down again ; they might create a current of opinion , which they afterwards could not control , and which would sweep them away , along with the establishments they wished to protect . If the established church was to set itself in open hostility against all Dissenters ; if it was to call to its assistance penal statutes , and to pervert public opinion , was it not natural in the oppressed to wish for the overthrow of the oppressor ? If the Roman Catholics once could say to the established church , `` You are not satisfied with the advantages you enjoy over us , but you use all your efforts to direct the stream of public opinion against us , so as to deprive us of our undoubted political rights ; '' it would be a slander on human nature to say that they had no right to attempt the subversion of the oppressing power . It was on these principles that England asserted her independence , the cause of her present greatness . Civil and religious liberty always went hand in hand , and gave mutual support to each other , and his lordship 's most earnest wishes were , to see that admirable combination extended to every part of the empire.—The noble earl reminded , besides , those over-strenuous supporters of the Church of England , which was by no means threatened , that all churches trusting for support to temporal power , were weak in themselves , and liable to fall when the prop was taken away . As an illustration , he would mention the present state of the church of Rome . The Roman pontiff saw under his spiritual sway a great part of continental Europe ; but his authority was founded on temporal power ; the unsteady basis was swept away by superior force , and the Pope was a prisoner in the hands of the French . The noble earl had heard a great deal about procrastination , a word invented by lawyers , and dwelt upon with much pomp . If , by that word , was meant only the delay necessary to inquire minutely into the question , his lordship would not certainly press for unusual speed , but he deemed it the duty of the noble lords to agree with the motion of his noble friend to go into a committee , which would afford full time for sober inquiry , and , at the same time , prove to the Catholics of Ireland , that the House was alive to their interests . He would not 461 follow the noble earl in the strain of captious arguments and general recriminations he had adopted . This could only tend to perplex the House , to increase animosities , and to widen the breach