rise to the motion of the noble lord . It was an ordinary one , and treated in the ordinary manner ; a young girl had done an injury to a married woman , by imputing to her a want of chastity ; she denied the charge , and was cited to appear before the proper tribunal ; she refused to appear , and accordingly a compulsory process was instituted . This was the whole case , and such a one as might occur in , any ordinary case , when a person was summoned to appear before a magistrate for killing game unlawfully , when the same consequences would ensue , and might with equal justice appear a sufficient ground for inquiring into the conduct of alt the magistrates of the kingdom . The age of the woman whose case was made the subject of complaint was first adverted to , but it was well known that minors were amenable for offences . The noble lord had also complained , that no guardian had been appointed , but the appointment of one could have made no difference in the result . The second ground of complaint was , the poverty of the accused ; but that could not be pleaded as a ground for committing offences , and she was entitled to sue in forma pauperis , and therefore that made no distinction . The infliction of penance had also been complained of ; but that was shewn by his right hon . friend , not to be so formidable as had been represented , and consisted only in a simple retraction of the offensive words . With respect to the 314 payment of the costs , which amounted to 12l . 7s . 11d . they were occasioned by the accused party denying the fact , and obliging the accuser to summon witnesses to prove the allegations , and she consequently suffered by her obstinacy , as the whole expence in the inferior court , he believed , did not amount to more than 1l . 3s . 6d . nor was it desirable that there should be a total exemption from expence , which would operate as an incitement to dissention among the lower orders ; and it was right that the expence should not fall on the injured party . He was as ready as any person , if a more efficient and satisfactory process could be substituted for excommunication , to consent to its adoption ; but did it require the appointment of a Committee to point out this ? Surely it was a very circuitous mode of going to work , to have a Committee appointed to examine into the situation of the inferior ecclesiastical jurisdictions throughout the country , in order to find out that excommunication was a round-about mode of proceeding . He was ready to allow that a spiritual court was not the most favourable sound to the ear ; but it was only fair to take into consideration , that hardly one case in a year , of a spiritual nature , occurred in these courts , which were interwoven in the judicature of the country . Wills and testamentary papers constituted a very great part of their whole occupation , and another great branch was matrimonial causes , questions respecting the validity of marriage contracts , for enforcing those contracts , relieving from cohabitation , separation on account of adultery , and so forth . Other descriptions of causes came before them , such as all those respecting tithes . They were almost always occupied with questions of civil right . It was no doubt true , the offensive name still continued , and the odium was much increased by the use of excommunication . This mode of excommunication he would acknowledge was objectionable , from its being both circuitous and expensive.—In a court of common law , or equity , when a verdict or sentence was obtained , execution was at once directed , either against the goods or person ; but in the ecclesiastical courts all that could be done was to excommunicate , and this in