of the due employment of these 950 monies , and that not the slightest abuse of them could , by the most strict investigation , be discovered , he should , at the proper time , have courted the most minute inquiry upon the subject . As that proper time was now arrived , in order to give the right hon . gentleman an opportunity of acting up to his professions , that he might shew the burdened nation that they were not the mere hollow pretences of temporary expediency , he now submitted the subject , again to the decision of the House.—He contended , that funds that had been discussed and appropriated by parliament were subject to its controul , and to be accounted for . But how much more ought these funds to be liable to inquiry and explanation , which had never been voted by parliament ; which arose out of sources with which they could not intermeddle ; and which had never been controlled or canvassed by them ? For all they knew of the matter from the papers on their table , was , that certain sums had been paid to certain individuals . It was not necessary for his present purpose even to allege that any abuse existed , or could exist : to shew that the items , of which the accounts before them were made up , were utterly unintelligible to them , was a sufficient ground for the appointment of a Select Committee up stairs , to ascertain their nature and condition . In order to shew that this was the case , he would divide the accounts on , the table into four separate classes , to which he begged leave to call the attention of the House . In this classification , he would keep entirely out of view all sums issued after messages to parliament , and sums actually paid to captors and claimants pursuant to the original design of the fund . The first class consisted of sums paid , but which did not , on the face of these accounts , appear to have been paid indisputably , to captors or claimants on account of prizes . The second class , which was smaller than the first , consisted of sums , paid apparently on the same account , but not likely to be so in reality , as might be gathered from the items themselves . The third class , which was again still smaller than either of the former , consisted of sums paid , for which no grounds whatever were given ; and The fourth and last class was composed of sums issued for services , not having any connection with the original intention of the fund , and not being paid to captors or claimants . 951 On these several classes , he would proceed to state his reasons for contending that further inquiry was necessary , and that a Select Committee ought to be appointed for that purpose . With regard to the first class , he was by no means disposed to deny that large amounts might have been justly paid to persons concerned in prizes , which ultimately had been ascertained to have been illegally made ; even to non-commissioned captors they might have been prudently given , but he maintained that in this distribution no preference should be shewn , and where favour was apparent no specification of the various items was supplied to prove that it was proper or necessary . In the account laid before the House in 1810 , * under the head , `` Special Payments , '' would be noticed the enormous sum of 269,789l . paid to John Alcock , '' to be by him paid over to the , merchants , & c. trading to Spain , whose property had been Sequestrated in 1796 and 1797 . '' The amount of 54,921l . was likewise inserted as having been disbursed as , Indemnification to sundry commanders on account of ships carried into cape Nicola Mole , and illegally condemned . '' Into the particulars of these two large items ,