, inviting noble lords , by the sacrifice of all consistency , to unite themselves to their government . It was calling upon persons proud of the path of honour they had pursued , to forsake the road where their companions were not less numerous than respectable , to join in the track so much trodden by the friends of the right hon . gentleman , that the way was become filthy , and almost impassable to those who were unwilling to cover themselves with the mire . The fearful novelty of which he had spoken , threatening ruin to Ireland , was not so much that the right hon . gentleman continued to hold the same language , but that he was permitted to hold the same place under the Regent that he occupied under the King , professing similar sentiments to those he before entertained . did not wish to keep up the conversation , but could not avoid observing , that the previous administration having before , most prudently and wisely , forgone the question , he had thought , that upon the present occasion the noble lords would feel no greater difficulty than they had before experienced . adverted emphatically to the alteration in the circumstances of Ireland , which had taken place with the times . Had no change been produced by four years of continued oppression on every trifling occasion ? Had not the appointment of a tight hon . gentleman ( Dr. Duigenan ) to be a privy counsellor , or the selection of the directors of the Bank of Ireland , circumstances in themselves of little importance , shewn the temper and spirit by which ministers had been actuated towards the sister kingdom ? Did it follow , that because in 1S06 the subject of the concession to the Catholics might be safely postponed , that in the present condition of Ireland it could now be deferred without incurring the most imminent danger ? rose for the purpose of moving the Ordnance Estimates for the present year . As the whole sum amounted to no less than nearly four millions and a half , he trusted he should be excused if be stated shortly the principles on which the board had made up the accounts . They were as follow : I . To afford every information to the committee consistent with the convenience of the service . 2 . To simplify the whole estimate by distinguishing , under the separate beads , all the different parts . 3 . To confine the demands upon parliament to the expences merely of the current year , as would be seen by the Engineers ' Estimate , in which a diminution of 73,000l . was apparent . 4 . To make the payments so to square with the estimate , as to reduce as much as possible the head `` unprovided , '' which had been lessened to the extent of 232,000l . 5 . To arrange all the items under their respective heads . 6 . To bring before the House all the actual payments necessary for this department , although they might have been delayed on account 1235 of the ordinary service of the British empire . The hon . member then proceeded to notice the various divisions . The first was `` Masters-general and principal officers , '' amounting to 42,486l . The diminution was 405l . arising from the abolition of the sinecure offices of two clerks in the lieutenant-general 's department . The succeeding head of `` Civil officers , '' remained the same as during the last year . The sum for `` Furniture for Barracks '' had been encreased 6,000l . but in the subsequent years it would be liable to a greater diminution . An excess of 51,000l . would be noticed , under the title `` Pay of Regiments of Artillery . '' The larger part of this sum was required for rations of provisions , formerly included in the commissariat department , but now transferred to that of the Ordnance . The remaining 12,000l . was for the increased pay to various regiments ,