sentiments on the advice which he had received . At present , he called upon the House to pledge themselves , and he would move it as an Amendment to the motion before them , that they would take into their earliest consideration , the various offices of emolument recently granted by the crown to several of their members . was of opinion , that no Amendment could be made to the motion before the House . The proper course appeared to him to be , to move the postponement of the motion , for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of Supply . acquiesced , and moved as an Amendment , that the House would tomorrow se'nnight resolve itself into a Committee of Supply , in order to give an opportunity in the interim , for the consideration which he had suggested . thought that , though there were sufficient grounds for opposing the motion , from the nature of the proposition which is involved , it was not sufficient merely to oppose 115 it , without taking some notice of the statements which had been made . In the selection which had been made of persons to fill public offices , since the last session of parliament , the hon . gent . thought he discovered a something that justified him in concluding that there was a great abuse and a great impropriety in appointing to those offices persons who were members of that House . He had to oppose what the hon . gent . had advanced on two distinct grounds . In the first place , it was obvious that where a member had been appointed to a situation which rendered him incapable of sitting in parliament , he could not come under the description of those of which he complained , and as the accepting of any office under government rendered it necessary for the party to vacate his seat , and for his constituents to determine whether or not he should again fill it , the hon . gent . ought , at all events , to have waited till such persons were again returned , before he came forward as he had done on the present occasion . But did the hon . gent . really think that the circumstance of a gentleman being a member of that House disqualified him from serving the public in an official situation ? Did he think that if a barrister , for instance , had an opportunity of displaying great powers , and extraordinary talents , combined with extensive judicial knowledge , that all these should not be sufficient to recommend him to a public situation , because he was a member of parliament ? Were they to understand that it was improper to appoint a member of parliament to an office under government , for no other reason , than that he was a member of parliament ? To this it was that the hon . gentleman 's reasoning came ; for on every one of the appointments he admitted that the individual selected was not in other respects improperly chosen . Nothing was alleged against any one of the persons alluded to ; no want of honour or of capacity to fill the situation to which he had been appointed , had been charged against either ; and therefore if to the appointments made there was any objection , it arose solely from the circumstance of those on whom they were conferred having been thought worthy to sit in that House by a body of constituents who had chosen them to be their representatives . This was the first time he had ever heard such an objection called forth by any appointment that might have taken place . One of the persons mentioned 116 in particular by the hon . gent . on this occasion , namely col. M'Mahon , he had not only been silent with respect to casting any thing like blame or discredit on his character , but he had done him the justice to bestow a very high eulogium on his uniform conduct . In doing this ,