. It would appear to be wisdom in any state to endeavour to associate such a body with the ordinary operations of the established government , by infusing the same principles of connection , which unite and harmonise all the parts of the community , and which form the peculiar strength and beauty of the British constitution . It was not so much a question whether additional political power should be given to the Roman Catholics of Ireland , as whether they should now be refused those appendages to their present political power , which would identify its exercise with the interests of the state , and would constitute the bonds and pledges of attachment to the government , and the ties of union with the Commonwealth . The action and force of our happy constitution depends upon a similar principle , which combines individual interests in the general preservation of order , and mixes and blends each part in the harmony of the whole . It is a wild theory to suppose , that the balance of the British Constitution is maintained merely by the mutual check and collision of the great branches of political power , of which it is composed . The result of such a scheme must be either perpetual discord and disorder , or the total stagnation of the vital powers of the government , and the inaction and final decay of the whole system . But this conflict is prevented by the intervention of individual interests ; without injuring the principles of monarchy , aristocracy and democracy , which constitute the foundations of the government , the mildness of our laws , 443 and the character of our nation , have tempered these apparently discordant materials into a system of the most regular and uniform action . The House of Lords is connected with the House of Commons , with the people , and with the crown , by many ties of common interest , mitigating the theoretical notion of aristocracy , which has been described as the sole constituent principle of this assembly . In the constitution of the House of Commons , the same temperature may be observed ; and even the imperial crown of these realms is intimately blended with the interests of the nobility , of the gentry , and of the people . The great principles of the constitution are , in fact , to be traced in the frame of each branch of the legislature , as well as in the combination of the whole ; and the happy intermixture of individual interests , the common right of the whole people to a participation in all the honours and advantages of the state , are the vital energies , the soul and spirit of the British constitution . The present condition of the Roman Catholics of Ireland is anomalous in this constitution , and repugnant to the policy of any wise state . The restraint , which still exists , cements and embodies discontent , without impairing the force or activity of political power . Perhaps the restraint itself tends to increase the power of the body on which it acts , by concentrating its entire energy in a narrow space , and by precluding the interposition of any collateral interest , or influence . The Roman Catholics of Ireland are now bound together by these impolitic restraints , in a distinct community , naturally adverse to the establishment which excludes them . Remove this restraint , and you dissolve the ties of discontent ; you disperse the sentiments of disaffection ; and you introduce the powerful motives of individual interest , to counteract any combination against an establishment , which offers so many immediate advantages of emolument and honour . The danger to the Protestant establishment in Ireland is now considerable , and must increase with the natural augmentation of the power and wealth of the Roman Catholics , and with the necessary augmentation of their discontent , under the protracted continuance of this invidious system of exclusion . Their increasing property in land and commercial wealth , their increasing numbers in the army and at the