cease when France should repeal the Berlin and Milan decrees ; and it was stated by the British government , that if France were to concede any thing in their decrees , we should go on pari passu with 784 them in revoking the Orders in Council . Now , had France either totally repealed the decrees in question , or done enough to call upon us to concede something on our part ? It was necessary before answering this question , to consider what those obnoxious French decrees really were . We never surely could mean to call upon America to resist that part of the French decrees which related to the interdiction of our trade with those parts of the continent over which France exercised authority . The objectionable part of the decrees was , that which related to what was called denationalization . It was not easy to make out from the jargon of the French decrees , the exact meaning of the terms employed ; but what America maintained was , that France had actually repealed all this objectionable part of the decrees . It was for the House , therefore , to consider whether or not the promise to America , was to be fulfilled . The Americans contended that France had now repealed that part of her obnoxious decree , which they were called upon by this country to resist . Could it be maintained that America was bound to insist on France recalling what was called the continental system ? They might as well be called on to insist that the Bourbons should be restored to the throne of France . He should really feel great satisfaction in hearing any thing like a proof from gentlemen on the other side , that the decrees were not repealed to all intents and purposes as they respected the Americans . But there was not the smallest room for doubt on the subject : —the official declarations were as full as possible . There was an official communication from the French minister to the government of America . After this , what could America do ? And how could the relaxation of the Non-Intercourse Act with regard to France be in any way construed into partiality towards that country ? The Non-Importation Act was to be relaxed in favour of that country which should first relinquish the system against which America had been complaining . The French government officially notified the repeal of their decrees to the American government , accompanied certainly with this proviso , that the relinquishment did not affect or alter the continental system which France had adopted . What he should ask would have been the language of this country to America if we had officially communicated 785 the repeal of the Orders in Council , and America should say , we do not believe you ? In what possible manner could France convey the repeal more satisfactorily than in the manner adopted ? He supposed it would be said , that the assertions of the French government ought not to be believed ; but since the revocation there was not one instance of the decree having ever been acted upon.— ( Hear , from the Treasury Bench . ) —The right hon . gentleman seemed inclined to deny this ; but Mr. Foster had been challenged on that point and had remained silent . He was ignorant of any instance of a vessel being condemned on these decrees , since early in the month of November . It was surprising to him , that the revocation was so complete on the part of France as it really was ; for it was not the interest of France , that the intercourse between America and this country should be renewed ; and it might rather have been expected that that government would have left some doubts for gentlemen on the other side of the House to hang a peg on , for the sake of opposing the intercourse . The hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Stephen ) had seemed all anxiety for discussion , while he very well knew that