be present in his place in the House , but he conceived that on such a day , when no public business of importance-was expected , and when the inquiries of the hon . gentleman could not by possibility be anticipated ; the absence of his right hon . friend could not be imputed to him as a very serious offence . said , that the right hon . gentleman would perhaps communicate the conversation to his right hon . friend , and that to-morrow he would be able to afford additional information on the subject . replied , that to-morrow , his right hon . friend would be present to answer for himself . , without again entering into his objections to the Bill , could not but observe , that there was another Bill before the House ( the Nottingham Watch and Ward Bill ) , which ought to have preceded the Frame Bill . They ought first to have tried the operation of the other Bill ; and , possibly , its effect might have been such , as to preclude the necessity of passing the Frame Bill at all . He should , therefore , still recommend , that the third reading of this Bill should be postponed for some time , till they found what would be the effect of the other . He did not mean to accuse the ministers of cruelty and inhumanity , in hurrying forward a measure of this kind : possibly they might be in possession of information which justified them in proposing it ; but then , why not communicate that information to the House , in order to justify their lordships in passing this law ? He 1167 would ask whether it was decent , —whether it was dignified , to pass so serious a penal law on such grounds as they had at present to stand upon ? The usual attention and humanity of the noble and learned lord on the woolsack must have been forgotten on this occasion ; and he was surprised that it should have been attempted to carry through so serious a law without furnishing their lordships With better information . after the countenance which their lordships had already given to the Bill , did not think it necessary to say any thing now on the subject , except in answer to what had been stated with respect to another Bill before the House . The principle of that Bill was old , and required no great time to settle its application in this instance ; but a good deal of difficulty had been experienced in arranging the details , and much time consumed in the necessary communications with the magistrates . This was the reason that the Bill had not preceded the Frame Bill . The present Bill was more simple in its details , whether right or wrong ; and with respect to that he would only remark , that it did nothing more than give the same protection to this manufacture which was already enjoyed by other manufactures of a similar kind , carried on by machinery : and it ought also to be remembered that the measure was only temporary . expressed his conviction , that one of the greatest mischiefs attending the present proceeding , was its tendency to mislead the House into an idea that they had corrected the evils in question , when in reality the case would be found widely different ; that it would only augment and exasperate the disorder ; it was like applying a piece of hot plaister to a cancer , and expecting from such a remedy , the extirpation of the corroding and fatal disorder . In order to eradicate the great and increasing evil , the whole system of the government of the country must be completely and radically altered . It undoubtedly became the justice of the House , to endeavour to extirpate such a dangerous species of offence , but it no less became their justice to endeavour to prevent those distresses which gave rise to them ; and to try to ameliorate the situation of the