and argued , that ministers had been actuated in their conduct on that occasion , with a view to curry favour and increase their influence with the Prince . Now every one who knew colonel M'Mahon must be sensible that his conduct in the service of the Prince had been highly honourable , and such as deserved the particular marks of favour with which his royal highness had honoured him . His hon . friend had said , that he believed colonel M'Mahon to be an honourable man . He thought so too . They were all honourable men ; but his hon . friend did not see what right colonel M'Mahon had to the public money . As to the right , there were certainly more ways than one of deserving remuneration for long , tried , and faithful services ; and in appointing him to the office in question , no doubt the Prince was actuated by such motives as he thought just and right . If his hon . friend thought the place ought to be abolished , let him make a motion on the subject ; and if the House should be of the same opinion , he had no doubt colonel M'Mahon would willingly resign it . He ( Mr. Sheridan ) was not in the House when the character of colonel M'Mahon was some time ago canvassed on a similar mention of the appointment , and when so 395 many hon . members bore such honourable testimony to his general worth and merits ; bat he firmly believed that the appointment itself was not so truly gratifying to colonel M'Mahon , as the highly flattering manner in which his character had been universally spoken of on that occasion . He could not agree with his hon . and learned friend in his objection to bringing up his report ; and he differed also with several of his hon . friends who thought the House had done wrong in not leaving to the Prince of Wales the entire regulation of his Majesty 's person , & c. He was certain nothing could be more injurious to the Prince 's feelings than such a measure would have proved . He differed with them also as to the corrupt influence which it had been argued might be used by the Queen , in consequence of the powers vested in her . The whole tenor of her Majesty 's life had shewn that she had never been capable of such conduct ; and he verily believed she had accepted the trust from motives of the most tender and affectionate regard to his Majesty , and that she might be able to ascertain to a certainty that every thing was done that could conduce to his Majesty 's comfort and convenience . He differed also with them as to the provision allluded to for the Princesses . He was certain there was no wish for expensive establishments ; but that whatever was offered would be gratefully received . He differed also as to the point of objection to the Prince 's debts in 1803 . The Prince sent a message by Mr. Tyrwhitt , stating his reasons why he could not resume his state and dignity , on account of certain claims on his honour which he was bound to provide for . He would not revive the argument with the Chancellor of the Exchequer which took place a few nights ago ; he was sure the right hon . gentleman was convinced that he had taken up his idea from reading Woodfall 's Reports , when he said that he considered the Prince to have given up his claims , seeing that the Journals shewed that he had only said he withdrew his suit . He thought with his hon . and learned friend , that the Bill of 1795 deserved all the epithets he had applied to it . It was the work , to be sure , of a great man who was in power at that time , now no more , who was regarded with the highest respect by his friends . He did