occasion to the statute in question . In the year 1793 there was a convention of delegates for the province of Ulster that met at Dungannon and assumed all the authority of another parliament . No one subject connected with politics escaped them ; peace and war , grievances and reform , were the subjects of their deliberation , and they at last came to resolutions , which went to change the whole constitution of the country . After sitting for some time , 562 they invited a more general convention to meet at Athlone , delegated from all parts of the country , and for similar purpose '' . It was under these circumstances that the Convention Act was passed ; but so far from that statute having any Committee of Catholics for its object , there was actually such a committee sitting in Dublin at the time when it was framed , and in full and frequent communication with government . In the next place , what were the provisions of this act ? Why its object was to prevent the election of persons to unlawful assemblies , 'under the pretence of preparing petitions , & c. ' Now the obvious meaning of 'pretence ' was , that something was meant to be concealed by these delegates ; that they met together under false allegations ; not for the purpose of preparing petitions , but for a very different object . But was there any proof that the Catholics had not met precisely for the purpose of petitioning ? and if so , how , by any fairness of reasoning , could the statute in question be presumed to apply to them ? The act then went on to prohibit the assembling of any persons pretending to represent any county , city , or borough , other than the Commons in parliament assembled ; and this obviously applied to the self-called Convention of Dungannon . The parliament of Ireland did not mean to trench on the right of petitioning ; but they knew , that under the pretence of petitioning , other illegal measures might be cloaked and covered , which it was expedient to prevent . Whenever the bona fide purpose of any set of individuals was to present a petition for the redress of grievances , to them the act would not apply ; and therefore the framers of the act introduced a proviso to satisfy the most fastidious , that it should operate as an eternal prohibition of any attempt to obstruct or impede the exercise of the right of petitioning . Was any privy council , then , or any court of Justice , entitled so to construe the act as to restrict or impede this right Certainly not . The , Catholic Committee had been sitting from time , to time , from 1793 to 1810 , for the purpose of preparing and presenting petitions , and it never occurred to any but the present ingenious government and to interrupt them . But then it was said , the act did not disqualify individual Catholics from petitioning ; but only committee men from counties . How inconsistent was this ! It was quite natural for 563 the Catholics to wish their petition to be drawn up by a numerous committee , in order that numbers of people might afterwards sign it , and it might come with all the weight which numbers could give it . Some men were better at stating a grievance than others , different grievances would of course occur to different individuals , and hence arose the necessity of appointing committee-men or agents , to draw up their petition in such a form as was likely to meet with general concurrence . Let the House consider in support of his argument the last clause of the statute of 1796 , to prevent seditious assemblies ( which he quoted ) with the view of impressing on themselves the inestimable value of that right of petitioning , which ministers wished to abridge if not to destroy . Adverting to the proclamation issued by the Irish government in July last , authorising