foreigners wantonly introduced , or did there not exist a sweeping and over-ruling necessity for resorting to new and extraordinary measures , if we were at all to contend with an enemy who left no means untried , and who had , and who exercised , the power of forcing all descriptions of men into his service ? He doubted not that in ordinary times the government of the country would readily adhere to the Act of Settlement , as a provision intimately connected with the safety of the constitution ; but under such a change of times and circumstances as was now witnessed , he could not perceive the propriety of setting up such complaints . 910 Let the noble lord look at the state of the world—let him only look at the increased and increasing power of the ruler of France , the vast extent of country which he had become possessed of on the continent , and the power which of course was afforded him , not only of enlisting , but of compelling the services of the people of the states he had subjugated , and then say whether , with such unexampled resources within his grasp , this country should not be at liberty to resort to the same means of recruiting its strength , in order to oppose his effort with some chance of success . Measures of this kind were to be deplored , but they were measures which the necessity of the times imposed upon the country . declared that , during the whole of the twenty-five years he had sat in parliament , he had never heard such a doctrine as that of the hon . gentleman who spoke last . He had always thought , from all he knew of the history of the country , that the true way of supporting its interests in difficult times was by a strict adherence to the laws . The character of the House and the welfare of the nation had been upheld at such seasons by inspiring the people with confidence and spirits , not by banishing the one and depressing the other . At former periods the government had endeavoured to conciliate the affections and to elevate the hopes of the country by an uniform and scrupulous attention to its fundamental laws and institutions . What was it that the noble lord had asked for , but that a bill of indemnity should , consistent with the practice of the constitution , be resorted to in these cases , in order that parliament might be left to judge of the wisdom of the measure . It was this contempt of public opinion which formed one of the principal causes of our present calamities . The opinion of the House itself was equally despised by those men who unhappily continued to have the direction of affairs . There lay the real danger—there were the seeds of the real evil . The strength of the country was in its law , not in its hired armies . He could not see the policy of enlisting prisoners : he could not see the necessity of it , in the well known condition of our manufacturers : he could see no argument to justify it . If there was one feature which he lamented more than another in the conduct of government , it was this , that when retrenchment 911 was called for by the House , the government paid no respect to the feelings of the people , but employed foreign soldiers , and gave them that pay which of right belonged to the people . If he could conceive the most distant hope of benefit to the country in its present distressed situation , it would emanate from the recollection that the assumption of power by his royal highness the Prince Regent would tend to bring forth measures for lightening the burthen of the subject—he trusted that hope would be ultimately realized , and that the abuses at present existing would be done away . He must disapprove of giving encouragement to persons found in arms against this country ; it was