, why enact it at all ? They were not pledged to this particular act . Why not look anxiously for some better remedy ? For surely gentlemen would not contend , that that which could do nothing was the best possible remedy the case admitted of . What had been the immediate cause of these outrages ? Distress perhaps unparalleled . Did not this involve a consideration that bound them to reflect upon the measures that had created that distress ? Why not then first inquire into the causes of that distress ? If they had been pursuing a system which , in its consequences , threatened the people with beggary and want , it was their bounden duty to stop , and change , that system , before 861 they sent out an act to hang op the people for outrages into which their own mal-ad-ministration had driven them . They had no right to be so very keen and prompt in punishing the madness which they themselves might have occasioned . They had been called upon to be firm—let them be firm in resisting the outrages of the lawless ; but pertinacious obstinacy in resisting the complaints of a distressed people , was no part of that firmness . But according to their own shewing , where was the firmness in making an ineffectual shew of power—in doing that which could do nothing ? Would this act do away the unparalleled distress that had provoked , and must continue to provoke , these outrages ? And if it did not , why not try to trace that distress to its true cause , and remedy it at once ? But mark the inconsistency of ministers , who admitted and denied the existence and extent of that distress , according as such admission or denial was meant to square with the topic then to be disposed of . If the efficacy of the Orders in Council was impeached , instantly this distress became comparative commercial prosperity . The trade , of the enemy was annihilated , and ours was progressively prosperous ; but when the House was to be called upon for another penal statute , and when the unprecedented distresses of the people were attempted to be traced to their natural source—the unprecedented errors of the government—then , indeed , the extent of the calamity was admitted , and ascribed to the wide and heavy operation of those Decrees which they had been told , the Orders in Council had rendered altogether nugatory and futile . Could the people think them sincere in their professions to relieve their pressures , when they found them thus sporting with their distresses ? An allusion had been made to that part of the Jewish law which condemned children who rebelled against their parents , to be taken without the gates of the city and there stoned to death—but were there no obligations on the part of the parent ? If the parents profligately and desperately consumed the substance of their children , deprived them of their birth-right , and all means of living , were children so abused bound by all those strong ties of tenderness and piety which connect those sacred relationships in ordinary life ? He , for his part , was shocked to see such total indifference on the part of ministers to the sufferings of this class of their 862 miserable fellow subjects . In the name of those sufferings he called for inquiry into the causes of them . They were bound to know what those people suffered before they Could ascertain the amount of that criminality which their miseries had extorted , and which they were now going to punish with death . Was it the war ? or the mode of carrying on the war ? or were they to look at home for the fatal cause—was it to be traced to a total abandonment of ail economy at home ? If it was one of those , apply the remedy to the source , and do not begin by unnecessarily cutting off the extremities . After vaunting so much about the prosperity