regulation of these courts . Archbishop Cranmer , with that zeal which distinguished all his efforts in the cause of reform , made an extract of their canons to shew the necessity of this alteration ; but , notwithstanding all this , nothing was done at that time or since . These canons , so exposed , remained still in force , and Cranmer 's plan and regulations never being sanctioned , had become a dead letter . Of these regulations he might here notice , there were in number fifty-one , and one of them went to remedy the very point of which the Petition complained , namely , that relating to excommunications.—In the 5th year of queen Elizabeth , the control and superintendance of the ecclesiastical courts were vested in commissioners , and during the whole of that reign there was an invariable and universal system pursued for restraining their powers ; but all the authority of the queen , and all the ability of the high court of commissioners , seemed to have been insufficient to accomplish that purpose . Early in the reign of James I , that monarch had entered into a literary controversy on the subject , and canons for their government were framed , but never having been confirmed , they also dropped to the ground . In the time of James 2 299 an attempt was made to renew the ecclesiastical commission ; but , as before , nothing was done . The same remark applied to the reign of William 3 , when the commissioners were appointed ; bat the high church party ultimately prevailed , and all reformation was prevented . Nothing was accomplished , and the only acts that had been passed since relative to the subject were those of the 26th George 2 , and 27th George 3 . From this the House would see , that since the period of the Reformation no progress had been made in amending the constitution of courts which , during the whole course of the English history , had been viewed with well-founded jealousy , and thought worthy the interference of the legislature to impose restraints upon their accumulating power , and to rectify the abuses in which they abounded . Their canons were still the same as by the act of Henry 8 , and no authority prevented their acting upon the oldest and most tyrannical ordinances that ever were framed in times of the most bitter bigotry.—Turning to the consideration of these courts , as now constituted , though he was ready to acknowledge that many of those who presided in them were men of great legal talent and ability ( some of whom he now saw in the House ) , and every way qualified for the situation they held ; yet , on the other hand , he was bold to say , there were also many of no legal habits or ability , at the head of courts , who were utterly incompetent to discharge their duties . Some of them had their doctor 's degree conferred on them for no other purpose but to be rendered thus eligible to a situation for which , in every other respect , they were entirely unfit.—The noble lord then took a review of the Petition of Mary Ann Dix , and noticed that the ecclesiastical courts had only one mode of punishment , that of excommunication , which by the 5th of Elizabeth , could be followed up by imprisonment . From what he had stated , he inferred that a power so great ought not to be entrusted to such hands . But there were many other circumstances connected with those courts which required reformation.—Their charges were exorbitant and intolerable , and the fees for contempt and attachment more grievous and burthensome than those of the highest civil court in the kingdom . To support these opinions , he would quote the case of a woman of the name ' of Robinson , who did not appear on being cited . Upon this she was excommunicated , and 300 subsequently imprisoned : and before she could obtain