or stocking frame . The measure , however , was said to be necessary ; but their lordships might depend upon it that this law would only make the artful more artful , the cunning more cunning , the mysterious more mysterious . The proper way to conciliate the people , and to prevent these outrages , was to reform abuses ; and on this account he regretted the introduction into the Prince Regent 's cabinet of a noble lord , who , whatever might be his merits in other respects , was no friend to such a reformation . He would have been in despair , had it not been for the decision of the House of Commons in the case of an office granted by ministers after having been condemned by a committee of that House . No decision had ever given him so much pleasure . The noble earl particularly censured the severity of the measure , which went to inflict the sanguinary penalty of death , upon what might be only an entry into a house . He trusted their lordships would not suffer themselves to be persuaded by ministers into a concurrence in an act , which would be a disgrace to the statute-book , to the character of the country , and which , instead of removing the evil , would increase it , by more widely diffusing the mischief , and driving the unhappy depredators to acts of desperation . He concluded by moving , That the order be discharged . stated the question to be , whether the punishment of death was really necessary in this case ? and when it was admitted that the milder punishment had never been tried , the argument appeared to be decisive against the severer penalty . The evil here to be 1078 remedied did not consist in the defect of the punishment , but in the security of the criminal . Had the former act been put into execution ? If it had not , how could they state that the punishment was ineffectual ? Nothing could be more unwise than enacting the extremity of punishment in cases of minor offences . When there was no variety in punishment , people would be led to think that there was no gradation in crime . The evil was not to be remedied by laws like this ; it extended much farther than Nottingham : a whole population was driven to these pernicious courses by the distresses arising from the unwise policy of government . They asked for existence : give it them ( said his lordship ) by abandoning that policy , and do not visit them with extermination as a cure for their miseries . In Yorkshire and Lancashire there had been considerable meetings of people suffering under the same distresses as the manufacturers of Nottingham ; In his own country , too , ( Scotland ) there had been meetings of the same description . In Glasgow an application for relief had been made to the magistrates by 30,000 people ; but any serious disturbance had been prevented by the wisdom and activity of the magistrates , and especially the provost . The evil likewise extended through Ayrshire . They must go to the root of the evil , and alter their policy . This was the only efficient method . They must return to the old system under which this country had so long flourished , and not destroy the gifts of nature by their unwise measures . The present Bill was the last resort of a rash , feeble , and wretched government , —fearful of their own enactments , because doubtful of their own ability . had imagined , that after the discussion which had already taken place , there would have been no farther opposition to the Bill . Nothing new had been advanced . Even if he should concede all that had been advanced as to the unwise policy of government , still there was a necessity for this law . An altered policy must take some time to operate : and , in the mean time , an