lash , he would have been deterred from publishing many of those opinions , which , since he left the army , had involved him in so many awkward predicaments ; and might new be dwelling in other lodgings than those which he had provided for himself . The hon . baronet , in the course of his arguments , had not noticed or proposed any remedy for corporal punishment in the navy . What had the navy done that they were not to be included in the hon . baronet 's proposition ? He did not impute any bad intention to the hon . baronet in bringing forward this motion . It could not be a love of popularity certainly , for he had already a large stock of that material on hand : —whatever were his motives , be was convinced however , that this discussion must do mischief , because it tended to raise hopes in the minds of the soldiers which could not be realised . , after the speeches of the night hon . and learned gentleman , and of the hon . baronet ( sir George Warrender ) , should not have been inclined to trouble the House , as these hon . members had 1280 given so full and satisfactory an answer to all that the hon . baronet had advanced ; but he could not avoid expressing his concern that questions of this nature should be brought forward . He could not see any good that could arise to the service or to the country from such agitation . On the contrary , he saw the possibility of infinite mischief . He had always been averse to severe corporal punishments , and had always opposed them when he was able to do so without affecting the discipline of the army . But there were situations in which officers commanding corps throughout the army were sometimes placed , in which it became absolutely necessary to punish for the sake of example . He would venture to say , that there was not one man in ten thousand so punished , who was not thought by his comrades to be deserving of it . Every man who heard him , who knew any thing of the service , must be convinced that all courts martial were favourable to the prisoner ; every thing which told in his favour being attended to . The hon . baronet , no doubt , was historian enough to know that the freest states were those states the most strict in military discipline . An army without discipline was the greatest enemy which a state could have to contend with . He could not think that the object which the hon . baronet had in view was to lessen the security of the country , by relaxing the state of the discipline of the army , but such would be the effect of his proposition , and under that impression he must oppose it . In respect to there being no rewards for meritorious soldiers , the hon . baronet ( sir G. Warrender ) had given three instances of promotions of non-commissioned officers from his own regiment , to commissions in the line . He ( general Loftus ) could state , that in his own regiment he had officers who had risen from the ranks to commissions , for their good behaviour ; besides , was there not provision made by the means of Chelsea ? He had supported the liberal plan of Mr. Windham ; and the more he thought of it the more he was satisfied that it benefited the soldier . He wished corporal punishment could be abolished , but experience had shewn that it was impossible to do so without lessening the discipline which had brought our army to that degree of vigour of which it now boasted . agreed with the arguments , and would support the motion of the hon . baronet . From the tone and manner assumed 1281 by the hon . and learned gentleman Judge Advocate ) , it would almost seem , that the question was not