feeding the Catholics—he could not say with promises , but certainly with expectations of success . Notwithstanding all that had been said of what had been done by the legislature for the Catholics , the fact was that excepting some little regulations of trade , nothing had been done for them since the year 1793 ; the act of which year contained a long list of offices from which Catholics were to be excluded . In 1801 , at the period of the Union , it was held out to the Catholics that all local prejudices against them would be removed by transferring the question to a united parliament , from whose impartial justice they would obtain that relief for their grievances for which they had hitherto sought in vain . But from 1801 to 1812—during that long period of 11 years—in what situation were the Catholics of Ireland ? They were like subjects out of the pale of the constitution ; their case could not be taken into consideration for a reason so well known to every person in the House that it was superfluous to allude more forcibly to it . During that period they had been more like outcasts than subjects . Subject no doubt they were to the legislature ; they were subject to the payment of taxes , but all consideration of their complaints was waved . The only consolation which any good subject could feel amidst his distress for the unhappy state of his Majesty , was that the consideration of the grievances of Ireland was thereby opened to parliament , and that the functions of the legislature , which had so long been suspended , need no longer be so ; for it was quite impossible , and indeed would be as absurd as false , to suppose , that the august person who now administered the government of the realms did not feel himself free to listen to the 561 advice of parliament on that , as well as on any other question of national importance . There had formerly been some obstacles about a coronation oath , or some nonsense of that sort ; as if an oath imposed by the legislature on the executive magistrate was for ever to prevent the legislature itself from making such provisions as the good of the nation appeared to them to require ! According to this absurd doctrine , the supreme will of the legislature , consisting of King , Lords , and Commons , was to be fettered and entirely suspended in consequence of an oath which the same legislature had formerly prescribed ! He repeated that it was one of the consolations which they had in the present afflicted state of the sovereign , that they were now at liberty to enter fully into the discussion of this great and important subject . As to presenting Petitions by delegation , he most state , that ever since the year 1757 , before the Catholics of Ireland had the miserable privilege of reclaiming a little bog , or possessing an acre of arable-land , ( unless at a certain distance from a town ) , they had been accustomed to present their petitions by committee-men of their own choice . These committee-men had at all times negotiated with government on the subject of their petitions , and had frequently been introduced to his Majesty by his secretary of state . In the very year 1793 , when this Convention Act was passed , an act of Parliament was also passed , granting farther privileges to the Catholics , and stating in the very preamble of it their peaceable and royal demeanour ? It therefore certainly could not have been against them that this act was intended , and yet , from the duke of Bedford 's government of Ireland , in 1757 , down to that time , they had always been in the habit of acting by delegation through representatives and Committee men . An not of parliament was always best explained by he history of the circumstances which gave rise to it ; and it was very well known what gave