, he did not think it necessary to trouble the House with any more observations at present . , in rising for the first time , disclaimed any idea of emulating the eloquence of the hon . and learned mover ; nor , as to legal argument , would he attempt to follow the hon . and learned gentleman ; but he must say , that it appeared to him , even from his own statement , that the laws and authorities upon which he relied were all of a very ancient date , and antecedent to the Revolution . The practice , as it now existed , had existed for a great number of years : during which time a number of most acute intelligent lawyers , and men extremely jealous of the prerogative of the crown , had satin that House , and never questioned the right of the crown to those Droits of Admiralty ; and indeed the arguments used did not go so much to shew that the system complained of was illegal , as that it was unseasonable . His principal object in rising was to protest against the principle of having a mere stipendiary king , with an income fixed by parliament , and never to be exceeded . He thought that where a certain allowance had been fixed in the commencement of this reign , it would be too much to require that the sovereign should be dependent on the parliament for that gradual but regular increase of his expenditure , which necessarily took place from the great depreciation of money , ( hear , hear ! from the Opposition bench ) or the great increase of prices . Every gentleman who kept a house , must , from his own experience , be sensible of this perpetual increase of prices . He believed the hon . and learned gentleman could shew no instance of a sovereign of this country , who was ever restricted in that manner . He approved of the system existing in the reign of Charles 2d , who had a tonnage duty on all imports and exports . Now , when the great increase of our trade , within the long reign of his Majesty , should be taken into consideration , it appeared highly probable , that if those duties had not been surrendered by the crown at the arrangement , they would have now amounted to such a sum as would have prevented parliament from hearing any complaints of deficiency in the civil list . As to the practice of making grants under the sign manual , it had been of long duration . The hon . gentleman here read an account from the Journals , stating the 262 sums taken in that manner from the Crown Revenues , before they came into the Exchequer , in queen Anne 's reign . As to the possibility of the prerogative of the crown being abused in the manner the hon . and learned gentleman had supposed , and of the minister advising a war merely for the purpose of giving some money to the crown under this claim of Droits of the Admiralty , the supposition appeared to him highly improbable , and the danger theoretical ; but still he did not deny but that it might be proper for parliament to take the whole system into its consideration , whenever there should be a new arrangement of the civil list , on a demise of the crown . As to the business of Copenhagen , which had been mentioned , he believed that nothing had been reserved for the crown under the head of Droits of Admiralty ; and what arose from the capture of the Spanish frigates had been given to those engaged in the Spanish trade.—As to the charge of this fund having been abused to the purposes of secret favour and jobs , he believed that only one case had been cited which bore the least appearance of favour , and that was the case of Sir Home Popham , which had already been pretty fully discussed in that House . As to