the principles on which the country had acted in the assertion of her maritime rights . He should also consider it a part of that system of humiliation which ap- 1070 peared to him to be recommended to the country by the noble lords on the other side . At one time they called on the country to prostrate itself at the feet of the Catholic convention ; at another time to give up the Orders in Council , at the requisition of America ; and at another time to withdraw their armies from the peninsula , and leave it to the power of France . Now , on account of the losses of a few merchants and manufacturers , we were called upon to revoke our decrees , while the decrees of France remained in full force . Every one must regret that our merchants and manufacturers had suffered losses , but losses of this nature were inseparable from a state of war ; and he believed nobody would say that an honourable peace was in our power . True it was that our merchants suffered under the circumstances of the times ; but though excluded in a great measure from the continent of Europe , still three parts of the world were open to their commerce . It was impossible to deny that the trade of the country had sustained same depression ; but as reasonably might it be expected to fight a battle without having any men slain , as to carry on a war without occasioning some injury to commerce . To destroy our commerce appeared to be the fixed determination of Buonaparté , and as fixed ought to be our determination to counteract him . Buonaparté had declared to his maritime towns , that England must be humbled at any expence . To accede to the motion of the noble lord would indeed be going a great way towards humbling her . To accede to the motion of the noble lord would be still more to depress the manufactures of Great Britain , and to give to the manufactures of France , by the repeal of the British Orders in Council , that stimulus which the exchange of colonial produce ( through the medium of America ) for the manufactures of France must inevitably occasion . Were government to repeal the Orders in Council , all the advantages would be on the side of France , and she would cease to sustain those privations under which she at present laboured . Every kind of colonial produce would be poured into France by the Americans , who would obtain every colonial article , from Cuba and other Spanish settlements . The same American ships that brought West India produce , would export the manufactures of France , which might triumph over ours in the markets of America ; and thus 1071 France would gain every advantage , both in her revenue and industry , while no relief would be extended to our commerce . On these grounds , he should oppose the motion , as it seemed to imply that the Orders in Council ought to be revoked . said , he had listened with the greatest pleasure to the able and argumentative speech of the noble marquis , who brought this question before the House ; but it had failed to produce conviction in his mind of the propriety of an enquiry at the present moment . He declared , that a full share of the responsibility of issuing the Order in Council of January 1807 , belonged to himself . He had been strenuous , as some of his noble friends near him knew , in recommending the adoption of that measure . He considered it as founded on that principle laid down in the rule commonly called the rule of 1756 , which prohibited to a neutral the advantages of any trade in time of war , which by the law of nations he was not entitled to in time of peace . His objection to the subsequent Order was , that it carried the principle of blockade to too great an extent