starving manufacturers . They should think and seriously consider what the effect of such a measure must be on the desperation of an individual , divested 1168 of the means of supporting his family , because all application of his manual industry was denied to him . That miserable system of corruption which for some years past had usurped and abused the name of government , must be corrected , if they meant to bring home the minds of men and Britons to that loyalty and affection for their constitution and government , upon which alone rested the stability of its institutions and the safety of the country ; if they meant to unite every British heart , as they ought to be united , in support and in defence of the empire ; in order to effectuate this work they must torn their minds to many different objects . There could be no safety to the state , no permanent or general system of prosperity or amelioration expected , but from a total change in the system upon which the government of the country was administered . took an opportunity to address a few observations , relative to this noble and distinguished personage , to the House . He was aware he could not regularly propose any thing on the subject , as there was no Bill referring to it before their lordships . He was induced , however , again , with reference to what he had before said on the subject , to submit to the consideration of the noble Secretary of State , and to his colleagues , whether it would not be fit , when the Bill should be brought forward , to adopt what he should take the liberty again to recommend , namely , that instead of an annuity , an inheritable landed property should be granted to the noble and gallant earl . He thought it most preferable , that a grant should be made to lord Wellington , to the extent of 40 or 50,000l . and invested in trustees for the purpose of purchasing freehold property , that it might regularly descend to his heirs . It was to be regretted that high and noble rewards were sometimes conferred , without an accompaniment of wherewithal to support their dignities . He should therefore wish , that instead of the annuity , such a grant as he suggested , should be made . There were cases on record , where the provision so conferred , had expired , and the inheritors of the honours left without the adequate means of supporting their dignities ; their annuities or pensions were then renewed , 1169 but what was the effect ? They were so far dependent on the bounty of the crown , when they ought to hare been placed in a state of independence upon it . Noble and wealthy alliances might be formed by such persons . How far the Wellesley family might have attractions he could not say ; but it was infinitely preferable to render the families of persons so ennobled independent at once . There was another consideration to which he felt it incumbent upon him to direct the attention of the House . It had become the practice of certain public prints to endeavour to undervalue and vilify the aristocracy of the country . He could scarcely take up a paper in which an imperious and overbearing aristocracy was not mentioned . They were denominated a proud , arrogant , and presumptuous aristocracy . He could not think that any noble lords would encourage slanders of this description ; but it became their lordships to support their own dignity , or , he believed , they would find no others inclined to do it . He had thought proper to throw out these observations to the consideration of noble lords , leaving it to them to act upon it as they might think proper . presented a Petition from certain Debtors , in the Fleet Prison , praying relief . An idea , he observed , had gone abroad , that having made an alteration in the