to know explicitly the line of examination which it was intended to pursue . Committees had been appointed in the years 1802 , 3 , and 4 , to inquire into the State of the Civil List , which were of extreme importance , as the subject matter of examination was a debt of no less than 900,000l , that had accrued on it . In consequence of the investigations , 60,000l . per annum was added to the civil list ; and part of the debt , to the amount of 738 100,000l . was subtracted . Those inquiries went only to the general charge on the civil list , and the committees had not the power of sending for persons and documents to assist their examination . If they adopted that principle now , they would be going far beyond what they had ever done before . The power and scope of the committee should be strictly defined , and on that point he desired information . He thought , as far as the provisions of Mr. Burke 's act went , they had a right to enter into the state of the civil establishment ; to examine any checks which existed under that Bill ; and to see whether those checks were sufficient , or any others were necessary . In his opinion , it would be found that the present checks were not effectual for the purpose to which they were originally directed , and probably some alteration of the provisions contained in that Bill would be considered proper . said , if the House determined that the committee should not have the power of sending for papers and examining persons , they were only losing their time in appointing it at all . If they were to be allowed no other information than that which the accounts already made up could furnish , they had better move to have them laid before the House at once , and thus save trouble . What he wanted was , to see whether exceedings had not taken place in particular classes , and to trace those exceedings to their origin . By looking at the papers he could perceive the excess , but , to account for it , vivâ voce evidence was necessary . The committees appointed in 1802 , 3 , and 4 , examined minutely into each separate class , and possessed a much more extensive power than the right hon . gentleman had allowed . having laid the report of a former committee on the table , thought himself called on to say a. few words . When the application was formerly made to regulate the civil list , in reference to the debt which had accrued on it , a noble friend of his ( lord Sidmouth ) had thought it was due to parliament to investigate the manner in which that debt had been incurred . But it was not thought right to invest the committee with powers to examine the private concerns of the sovereign . It was never in contemplation to permit them to send for persons , documents , and records , with a view to that investigation . Such a proceeding Would 739 not be merely a question of public economy ; it would be an inquiry into the economy of the sovereign . And , he would ask , would it be proper to send for and examine even the meanest servant of the crown , and to scrutinize , with a suspicious eye , the characters of all those connected with it ? The committees , formerly appointed , had attained every necessary object , without examining witnesses , which must have the effect of giving the matter a greater degree of publicity than was necessary . They were furnished with estimates from the different departments , the Lord Chamberlain 's , for instance , which , if demanded for the committee about to be appointed , would , of course , be granted . That degree of delicacy ought to be observed , which was never lost sight of on former occasions . He considered