election of a convention an act of this kind ? Was the offering of facilities for an aggregate meeting such an act ? He did not differ from the right hon . baronet when he said , the decision of parliament was not to be considered as final . If he thought it was , much as he deprecated the present motion , he would rather vote for it than against it , even if he thought the latter could in any way affect the final decision of the Catholic claims . He explained why the right hon . baronet wag not summoned to attend the privy council , which , from the necessity for dispatch , allowed only time to call on the members within ten miles of Dublin . The right 611 hon . baronet charged the council with measures of mischievous insanity ; and no man could concur in the present motion unless he was prepared to go this length with the arguments of those who supported it . Could any man do this ? On the contrary , he would defend the conduct of the Irish government ; and even if they were wrong in the law , which they were not , it must be allowed on the other side , that they had not acted in an uncourteous , uncivil , or arrogant manner . The government had acted in the manner last session recommended by a right hon . gentleman opposite . They had communicated with courteous deportment with the leading men among the Catholics : they had adopted the parental measure of proclamation , and yet , though they followed their very opinions , they could not satisfy these hon . gentlemen . He contended , that they had the sanction of the House in what they had done , and of the law , as now decided in the cases of Dr. Sheridan and Mr. Kirwan . He entered into a warm panegyric on the character of of chief justice Downes , who had not last night , in his opinion , been treated with that deference and respect he merited . As a lawyer , as a judge , as a man , and as a magistrate , he was as venerable and unimpeachable as the highest of those who had dared to arraign him . With regard to the Attorney and Solicitor General , who had been treated with equal disrespect , even the most factious of the writers , who thought the best way to support the Catholic claims was to stigmatize their opponents , had not dated to impeach the purity of their principles . They had deserved better treatment than they had met With from art hon . and learned gentleman opposite ( sir A. Pigott ) ; and one of them ( Mr. Bushe ) was a man of whose splendid talents and ability all Ireland was proud . He could hot suffer those names to be so introduced , without offering his humble tribute in their vindication . The gentlemen opposite , though they had only mentioned the lawyers for the purpose of throwing a 'slur upon them , had desired to have more law , and they were not satisfied Without haying , in addition , the highest authority in this country against them . As for the legal proceedings in these cases , it was obvious to every one , that the Catholic advocates had never met the question fairly on its own grounds , but had displayed much ingenuity in 612 defending their clients , by objections and ' points , as they would defend a felon at the Old Bailey . They never dared to admit the act of election , and try the cause on its merits , but endeavoured to foil the government by putting it to the proof . But he contended , that if the law had not , the danger of such a convention would have authorised the interference of government ; and , in support of this argument , supposed a similar delegation to consider of the expediency of a repeal of the Union