which those funds might be applied : they might be lavished upon a mistress ; they might be wasted upon a favourite minion ; they might be employed in the furtherance of undue elections , and undue influence in that House ; they might be squandered away in caprice , and in any manner , without any responsibility attaching to any person or persons concerned in them . This was what might be done , and what those gentlemen who believed the possession of such funds by the crown to be legal , had to defend . But what was the obvious tendency of 245 such a doctrine ? It put an end at once to the great use of parliaments ; to the salutary check exercised by them in refusing to grant supplies when any grievance existed the redress of which was denied ; and it transformed into a mere mockery , the asking of supplies by the crown from that House , while much greater supplies might be raised and exercised without controul by the servants of the crown . If this doctrine was maintained , all that we had heard of the privileges of parliament were but mere words ; in real fact , the crown needed not come to parliament for its supplies , for it had means of obtaining them—means that were quite independent of any legislative provisions . He was unwilling to think , however , that such a doctrine could be maintained as a constitutional one , and he would briefly state to the House the grounds upon which he founded his doubts . In adverting to the various sources of royal revenue in the early periods of our history , he did not mean to dispute the general maxim that '' all prize '' vested in the crown ; '' and a great law officer had , on a very recent occasion , declared that prize was the very creature of the crown . Yet , in the statute of Edward 2 , which related to the regalia , no mention was made of prize as a peculiar property of the crown , though various other droits were , in that statute , distinctly declared and enumerated ; and in the statute of the 2nd of Richard 3 , all prize taken at sea was expressly given to the captors . These were legal facts , not indeed to be found in ordinary statute books , but they might be seen in lord chief justice Hale . Leaving the general question , however , he would ask in what shape were these droits vested in the crown ? They were so vested ( and all the great law authorities proved the fact ) , for the attainment of certain specific purposes ; and the specific purpose in this case was the guarding and maintaining the rights and privileges of the seas . In the 4th Institute of my lord Coke , it was laid down , that tonnage and poundage were specifically granted to the crown for safeguard of the seas , and that it pertained to the lord high admiral to see this droit administered ; and , quoting from the archives of the Tower , he had further observed , that the guard of the sea belonged to the high admiral , and to private adventurers also , who fitted out vessels for the purpose . In the 7th and 9th Henry 4 , the right of 246 private merchants was also recognised . But there were other instances where the appropriation of those different funds , which went under the general name of Droits of Admiralty , were mentioned ; and it would be found , that wreck at sea became one of the sources ; and in the 2nd Institute , the reason of wreck being given to the crown , was stated to be , because the crown had to keep the narrow seas free from cruizers , the expence of which was to be defrayed by that fund.—The next instance which he should adduce of the fact of these Droits of the King being applied to