; but the grand point to be considered , was , whether the information brought before that committee could be brought before the House itself in due time to be of any avail . That committee , as he understood , had now sat four sessions ; but as yet not much information had been derived from it . The appointment of it had now been delayed near a month ; and whatever might be the opinion of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer as to the trade of the country , clear it was to him , that it had greatly decreased . He hoped , therefore , his hon . friend would persist in his motion for a committee of the whole House . thought the public had a right to be informed of the real situation of Indian affairs . It was well known that a negotiation was at present going on between the government and the East India Company , and that the matter was as nearly settled between them as it could be without a statute . All this was carried on in silence ; and if it was not as good as concluded , it was in a train to be concluded , and parliament was only to be brought forward as a matter of form to put the seal to the contract . Now , there were so many facts necessary to be known before it was possible to entertain any correct opinion on the state of East Indian affairs , that he thought the production of documents alone would not be satisfactory , and that witnesses ought also to be examined . In the present state of the question , it was impossible 680 for any enlightened man to come to any conclusion , either satisfactory to himself , or safe to the country . One man one day would give you an account which should be negatived by the next man you happened to meet . He spoke from what had happened to himself ; and would allude to one subject , on which he had received the most contradictory information . Would it be safe , in the extension of an intercourse with India , to allow of emigration to that country ? One set of men said that nothing would be so dangerous as this measure , and that colonization and insurrection , and finally separation , were synonymous . Another set told you that these ideas were chimerical , scouted the idea of danger , and appealed to the case of the American settlements . Those persons who were averse to colonization told you , that this would be thwarting the religious prejudices of the natives . Another set said , look to the Mahometans in India , far more numerous than the Europeans will be , who were even abhorred by the natives . The Mahometans not only made proselytes of the natives , but endeavoured to extirpate them , and yet no insurrection took place . All these things were set in array against one another , so that it was impossible to come to any satisfactory opinion , without the examination of witnesses . On one point he would caution the House , and that was , against forming too great an expectation of the advantages of an extended Indian trade , as he was afraid this expectation would only end in disappointment . He wished the exportations to South America to be borne in mind . Those exportations had prevented the measures of government , during the last four years , from being so clearly felt here as they were throughout the country . With respect to the property tax , measures had been taken by government , not only to collect the arrears , but to raise the amount of the tax . It was well known that there was no part of the country where the exertions of the inspectors were not felt . shortly delivered his opinion , that this , like every other subject which turned principally upon accounts , would be better examined in a select