gentlemen merely relied on the fact of distress , existing in the country , he would ask them , had they forgotten that there was great distress in 1807 , and that there were riots at Manchester and other places , in consequence of this distress , before the Orders 1135 in Council had been passed ? So far , then , from his conceiving , that the Orders ought to be repealed , because there were riots and disturbances at Nottingham , and other places , he should draw an inference directly opposite . If the manufacturers did not know the prosperity of their trade—for he believed , that it was the great prosperity of our trade in 1809 and 1810 which occasioned much of the present distress , —that would not be to his mind a sufficient reason for repealing those Orders . If he were called upon to assign a reason for the distress now felt , he should attribute a great part of it to the prosperity of the year 1810 , to which there naturally followed a year of less prosperity , in which the manufacturers who bad not the same full employment as in the preceding year felt distress . Whenever there was an extraordinary demand for our manufactures , extraordinary exertions were made to meet it , and the price of wages was raised . If the demand did not continue to increase , or if it slackened , it was obvious that some distress must be felt . It was well known also , that great losses had been sustained last year , owing to adverse winds and consequent captures of our convoys in the Baltic , where no Orders in Council prevailed . Was the House , then , to resolve upon a committee , merely to raise in the minds of the starving manufacturers , or rather to confirm in their minds an opinion which had been artfully raised from wicked motives , that all their distresses were owing to the misconduct of their own government , and not to the barbarous policy of Buonaparté , who violated all the laws of civilized nations , for the purpose of injuring them ? The hon . and learned mover had dwelt much , and with great force , on the frauds and perjuries connected with the system of Licences . It must be observed , however , that the system of Licences was a subject quite different from the question of the Orders in Council themselves ; but it would not be contended that those frauds or perjuries which had been spoken of , had any thing to do with the distresses of our manufacturers . He was sorry to hear such a subject introduced , and he was sure that no man held in greater abhorrence than he did the practice so eloquently reprobated by his hon . and learned friend ; but it would not be said , that our export trade was diminishing in consequence of those frauds , for it was well known that it was only by masking 1136 the property that British manufactures or `` produce could find their way upon the continent . Whatever consequences , however , might follow from the necessity of carrying on our trade by licences , these consequences were quite unconnected with the question of the Orders in Council . There was no maxim in the law of nations more constant , fixed , and inflexible , than that no trade could be carried on with an enemy but by a licence . This principle was so perfectly established , and so necessary to prevent treasonable and improper intercourse , that it was never departed from , and he himself had heard it determined in the court of Appeal , that under no circumstances could the trade with an enemy be allowed , except by virtue of a special licence . Our enemy had now possessed himself of almost the whole of the continent of Europe ; and he would ask gentlemen sincerely , were they prepared to abandon all trade to the continent of Europe on account of