up your trade rather than have recourse to it ? If gentlemen really thought that it would be better to give up trade altogether , than to carry it on by means of licences , they would , he presumed , act in the committee upon that system , and diminish our commerce in order to increase our manufactures . Having stated the effect which the Orders in Council had had upon our trade , he begged leave shortly to state how they had operated upon the enemy . The duty arising from customs in France , amounted , in 1803 , to 33,000,000 livres ; in 1804 , 41,400,000 ; in 1805 , 52,700,000 ; in 1806,51,700,000 ; in 1807 , at the latter end of which year our Orders in Council were adopted , the duty amounted to 60,483,000 livres , and the very next year they fell as low as 18,500,000 livres . In 1809 , they fell still lower , they only amounted to 11,500,000 livres . The House would bear in its recollection , that while the amount of the French customs was thus reduced immediately after the adoption of the Orders in Council , our revenue bad experienced an astonishing increase . He was aware that the customs did not form so important a branch of the revenue in France as they did in this country ; but it was impossible that they could have experienced such an extraordinary decrease , without producing a very considerable effect upon the rest of the revenue . He knew that some gentlemen on the other side were fond of supposing that Buonaparté entertained an opinion , half philosophical and half mad , that trade was productive of liberty , and therefore he hated it . The fact was , he hated British trade , and would willingly 1158 sacrifice his own to destroy ours ; but if he could carry on a commerce without benefiting us , he would most willingly do it . This was most obvious from the pains he took to construct canals and roads for carrying on internal trade , and from the uniform language of those annual expositions which were published respecting the state of France . He was bound , however , in fairness to state , that the duty of customs in France rose , in 1810 , to 49,000,000 livres , but that was not owing to any increase of trade , but in a great degree to the confiscation of British property in Prussia and other places ; the incorporation of Leghorn , Genoa , and other ports of Italy into France must of course have had some effect in increasing the revenue . Besides , the duties had been in many instances augmented five-and-twenty fold , and even more ; therefore , if the trade had remained the same as it was before the Orders in Council were issued , the revenue ought to have amounted to 725,000,000 . But although gentlemen in that House denied that the French were affected by the Orders in Council , the French themselves confessed the fact . In the Address of the Senate to Buonaparté they acknowledged that they no longer had any trade , except what was carried on by means of canals , and admitted without hesitation the difficulties under which they laboured . He begged to ask those gentlemen , who were so hostile to the Orders in Council , what would be the effect of repealing them ? The effect would be , that America would be able to supply France with all colonial produce , and the Americans would in return take away her manufactures ; in fact , France would be in a more favourable situation than she would be in a time of peace , and the trade of Great Britain to the continent would be annihilated . He would not trust himself with the discussion of that part of the question which related to America , but when the hon . and learned gentleman opposite to him said that the Berlin and Milan decrees had been repealed , and that a proclamation