of Cadiz , and clear the whole Mediterranean coast from their intrusion . rose to propose a resolution for granting the sum of 80,000l . on account of the intended Breakwater in Plymouth Sound . The right hon . gentleman observed , that he should propose to vole the sum in the first instance for the better protection of his Majesty 's ships in harbour , trusting that as the papers on the subject had been long on the table , they were fully known to gentlemen . The two principal points upon which he claimed attention were , in the first place , to ascertain whether it was expedient and necessary to do any thing in Plymouth Sound ; and secondly , whether the plan on the table was the most beneficial . As to the first point , every gentleman who had turned his mind to , or was acquainted with the naval service , must conclude that the western ports and roadsteads were highly deserving of consideration . No doubt the naval service was the most popular , and that House naturally looked to it with a sort of affectionate regard , which the nature of the service generally assured , though he was one of those who was not disposed to think that service the only one to which the country was indebted for its protection , yet it was the most material part of its defence . The greater part of the world placed dependence on the British flag for protection ; a flag which had carried the glory of their country to its highest pitch . The House , however , would not be justified in entering blindly into a proposition of the nature he was about to bring forward , without due consideration of its principles . The ports and arsenals of the navy were capable of great improvement , and when it was considered that the skill and courage of the navy were carried to 1311 the pitch of greatness he had just stated , it might be desirable , as affecting the safety of that navy , that the civil improvements should be attended to , and it might be worthy of consideration to inquire into the state of all the ports . He would , however , confine himself more particularly to the Western ports . For many years past , Plymouth Sound had been found to be the most magnificent arsenal for the rendezvous of ships of the line , but the Hamoaze for the last 20 years had not been judged so safe for ships of the line to anchor in . During the summer months there was some little security , but not for large fleets at any season . At the breaking out of the American war , in 1778 , the fleet under admiral Keppel anchored here so late as the middle of October . Sub-sequent to 1790 , not a ship of the line had been enabled to anchor there ; they were obliged to go into Cawsand Bay , that part of the roadstead being a better shelter from the winds . It was , notwithstanding , a more confined anchorage , and open to tempestuous seas ; the consequence was , that our fleets were compelled to use Torbay and Falmouth . If an adequate protection could be , given to Plymouth Sound , he should be justified by every naval man present in saying , that it would be preferable to either Torbay or Falmouth . Though Toxbay was a noble anchorage , yet in 1795 , when lord Howe 's fleet anchored there , they were caught by an easterly wind , which did some damage , and the greater part were in considerable danger . If gentlemen would look at the chart , supposing proper shelter was afforded in . Plymouth . Sound , they would perceive that the facilities in sailing from it with an easterly wind would be greater than from any of the western ports . Another advantage would be the opportunity of being prepared for the enemy 's fleet . It was true , that