or 553 affected to conceive , dangerous to our establishment in that country , both of church and constitution . And how did they attempt to subdue or to destroy that spirit ? I will not now enter into any discussion upon what I should be tempted to designate as at least , that very questionable instrument in the hands or government , the Convention Act . I will not ask , whether at its enactment it were capable of those objects for which it was enacted , nor still more , whether it were now capable of those objects for which it has been revived , and to which it has been applied . But certain I am , that for enforcing its power , and bringing it into action , the Irish government has placed its enforcement in the hands of the one person who , officially , was , of all men in Ireland , the most improper for it . I mean the lord chief justice of that country . I will not ask , whether in point of fact the placing the lord chief justice of Ireland in the situation , and into the functions of a police magistrate , were or were not a degradation and a misapplying of the high office he holds in that country ; but I will say , that the putting him forward at such a moment , as a police magistrate , was a most absurd and wicked measure ; aware as the Irish government must have been , that the Catholic , resolved as he was to persevere in the object of assembling to prepare a petition to parliament , would have rested the legality or illegality of such meetings upon the decision of a jury , it was thought fit to place the lord chief justice in the public predicament of being brought forward , as a delinquent , into his own court , at which he ought to preside , but upon whose bench , under such circumstances , he , of course , could not even have attended . And what has , on the other hand , been the demeanour of the Irish Catholics ? And I will say that , looking at the conduct of the Irish Catholic from the first period of the annunciation of the intended enforcement of the Convention act , which I date from the period of the Irish Secretary 's letter , down to this moment , I can not but contemplate it as having been such as would have ennobled the brightest page of the political history of our country . We have seen him standing forward , strong in the conviction of his power , and , I should say , strong too , in the justice of his cause , against the petulance of a government , whose violence seems to have kept pace with its 554 impotency . We have seen him , with the law in his right hand , the firm assertor of a religion , which he believes to be the right one , which he knows to be the oppressed one , resting his cause upon what he conceived its own intrinsic claims to respect , and entrusting his own fate to justice and to his country . `` Methinks , '' says Milton in an address to parliament on the subject of unlicenced printing , some time ago quoted upon a different subject by a noble lord now in the other House , `` Methinks I see a great and puissant nation rousing herself like a strong man from her sleep , and shaking her invincible locks . Methinks I see her purging and unsealing her long abused sight at the fountain itself of heavenly radiance . Whilst the whole noise of timorous and flocking birds , and of those , too , who love the twilight , flutter about , amazed at what she means , and , in their envious gabble , would prognosticate a year of sects and schisms . '' ( Hear ! hear ! ) Such , Sir , and in such power