similar ; but the administration had another reason to assign , and it was said that the disclosure would be injurious to the public service , and the House was left in the dark , consoled only by its confiding ignorance . Then , however , all the documents had not , as in the present instance , been previously published ; but still the reply was echoed— '' I will confide in the minister . I can not tell whether he have acted right or wrong , but his word is enough to satisfy me—and if he says I ought not to have them , I am contented . '' Would the hon . member for Yorkshire at once speak out boldly—Had he read the papers ? If he had , he would see that all negociations were terminated , and that there was no possibility of averting war . He did not understand the hon . member 's pantomime , ( Mr. Wilberforce was making signs . ) But he said there was none ; all negociation was broken off ; and in proof of it , be adduced the President 's message , which would not have been sent to Congress in the form it bore , had any intercourse continued between Mr. Foster and the American government . All the hon . gentlemen that had spoken , had alluded in terms of triumph , to his hon . friend 's ( Mr. Brougham 's ) approaching motion . They were all ready and anxious to meet it , but where were they to obtain their information ? Would they derive it from the news-papers , and yet not suffer parliament 798 to be in possession of a single document ? Could any conduct of the weakest man be so inconsistent ? The Chancellor of the Exchequer said , that negociations might still , perhaps , be continued ; and then he took out of his pocket a piece of a daily print , and read a part of a paper which he ( Mr. W. ) wished should be laid upon the table . But no ; he put it again into his pocket , contented with having read from , a letter of the French minister , Turreau , what were the claims of the United States . ( Hear ! ) Then said he , `` America is partial to France . '' He ( Mr. W. ) said , this was not true , and he defied the right hon . gentleman to prove , out of any of the papers , the slightest charge of any ; attachment to France on the part of the American government . They were at issue on that point—how was it to be decided ? By the production of the papers . He had been told also by the right hon . gentleman , that he was partial to America , and that he deserted the cause of his country . What ! was his allegiance due to him or to any cabinet that he might patch up ? Was that the country ? Was the wretched administration which , since 1805 , had watched only over the misfortunes of the people , to be called the country ? Had the right hon . gentleman the presumption to say that he was the country ? —Was he ( Mr. W. ) when arraigning the absurd , preposterous , and foolish measures the ministry adopted , to be told by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , starting up from his seat— '' Here I am—I am the country—if you oppose me , you desert your country . '' ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) —The parties of Charles the 1st and of James the 2d were called the country ; the supporters of the American war were called the country : and the right hon . gentleman , taking up the thread of history , now exclaimed , `` ministers are the country , and you desert your country 's cause . '' This was to be said to him by a member of that