the editor of a very respectable morning paper , the Morning Chronicle , had fallen into precisely the same mistake . With the permission of the House he would read the passage he alluded to— wished to know whether the right hon . gentleman meant to , make a complaint against the person alluded to , because it was rather a novel thing to introduce newspapers , and make references to them in the manner the right hon . gentleman had done . In reminding the House of the novelty of the right hon . gentleman 's proceeding , he had performed his duty , and it was for them to decide whether the right hon . gentleman should go on or desist . said , be would not urge the matter farther . He hoped his conduct had always been sufficiently respectful to the Chair and the House . He could assure the Speaker , however , that in the course of 192 his parliamentary life , he had frequently known notice taken of minor misrepresentations out of doors , without the smallest intention of founding any specific complaint on them . said , if such was the pleasure of the House , the right hon . gentleman would proceed . said , that in the present circumstances of the country , it would not be expedient to reduce the number of seamen ; and he should propose to the House , therefore , that the same number be voted for this year as for the last . He then moved , 1 . `` That 145,000 men be employed for the sea service for the year 1812 , including 31,400 royal marines : 2 . `` That a sum not exceeding 3,845,875l . be granted for wages of the said men , for 13 months at the rate of 1l . 15s . 6d . per man per month : 3 . `` That 4,453,312l . 10s . be granted for victualling the same : 4 . `` That 3,675,750l . be granted for wear and tear of the ships : 5 . `` That 659,750l . be granted for ordnance for sea service on board , the said ships . `` —Agreed to . then moved the following Miscellaneous Services for the year 1812 which were , agreed to . begged leave to take this opportunity of calling the attention of the House to what appeared to him to be a most shameful waste of the public money . He alluded to the extravagant manner in which plans and plates were printed , and particularly to those of the Bogs of Ireland , which were executed in a manner rather calculated to adorn a library than to instruct members in the subject they were in tended to illustrate . The expence was become so heavy , that he was sure he should be pardoned for troubling the Committee on the subject . said , that the Committee had every reason to be obliged to the right hon . gentleman for calling their attention to the subject . The fact was ; that great extravagance had prevailed in that department at different times . He supposed the Chairman of the Committee must have been generally imposed on . The House had already taken notice of these expensive plans , and determined as a check in future , that nothing should be published upon paper larger than a journal sheet without application to him . In furtherance of this Resolution , he had taken care not to give his sanction to any more expensive undertakings , unless when told by the Chairman of a Committee that it was indispensibly necessary . As to the case to which the right hon . gentleman particularly alluded respecting the scale of the plans of the bogs in Ireland , it was drawn in that country , and originally upon a much larger plan ; on his objecting to it a smaller one was adopted , accompanied at the same time by a statement that a smaller one would not be sufficient to explain the subject to the House . Undoubtedly , if