discontent . The situation of the Catholics , then , formed a cogent reason for taking into consideration the state of affairs in Ireland , but there were also other reasons which pressed in the most forcible manner . The government of Ireland and the people of Ireland were at this moment actually at variance . By the people , he did not mean the populace , but persons of rank , consideration , and property . With these persons , with the great mass of property in Ireland , the government of that part of the empire was actually at variance . The right of petitioning , the sacred right of the people , the government had attempted to impede and interrupt , and in their efforts for that purpose the government had failed . They had brought a case before a jury , and notwithstanding the manner , not very decent , in which the counsel for the crown had challenged the Jurors , a Jury of twelve men had acquitted 412 the defendant . Was not this direct variance between the government and the people of Ireland one of the strongest possible reasons for inquiring into the situation of affairs in that part of the empire ? Was it not of the greatest importance in the war in which we were engaged , that the whole united strength of the empire should be put forth , and that all ranks and classes of his Majesty 's subjects should be united in one common bond of union ? But how could this be effected , if discontents were suffered to exist , and their causes remain unremoved ? From every consideration , therefore , of policy and of safety , he thought their lordships were called upon to set about enquiring into the causes of those discontents , which undoubtedly existed to an alarming extent in Ireland , with the view of allaying and removing them by timely conciliation and concession . The noble earl concluded by moving , `` That the House do resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House , to take into consideration the present situation of affairs in Ireland . '' said , he rose to second the motion with considerable diffidence , in now addressing their lordships for the first time . He could not however justify to himself the neglect of an opportunity upon so important an occasion of expressing his sentiments . He concurred in all that had been urged by his noble friend , and he trusted that all their lordships must see the necessity of agreeing to the proposed inquiry—must see the wisdom and the policy of conciliating the great mass of the population of Ireland . To such a line of policy he was a warm friend , thinking it the only means of rendering the empire safe and secure , by the firm and sincere union of all classes of the poeple . observed , that the noble mover had spoken of discontents of Ireland , and he was not surprized that the noble earl should take a deep interest in the affairs of that part of the empire , not only from the magnificent property he possessed there , but from his serious desire for the welfare of the country . He lamented that there were discontents , but he could not agree with the noble earl in the mode he proposed of allaying them . He regretted that the noble earl should have brought forward the charge of tampering with a jury , and should have mentioned the name of a highly respectable individual . Upon what did the noble 413 earl found that charge ? merely upon report . If any charge was proved against persons of tampering with a jury ; he would most heartily join in the censure which such persons deserved ; but surely it was time enough when such charge was brought forward , founded upon regular documents , to take it into consideration . At the present moment a report in a news-paper formed the only basis of that part of the noble earl 's speech which