Of this there was as yet no proof , as there had been no trial on the subject . An hon . member had stated , in the course of the evening , that the riots which had extended themselves to Leicestershire , had been suppressed by the activity of the magistrates . He wished the House to know why the magistrates of Nottinghamshire had failed in doing that which the magistrates of Leicestershire had so successfully accomplished . It was therefore his intention , unless some other hon . member would undertake the task , to move for the appointment of a Committee to investigate this subject . then moved , `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preservation of the peace within the county of Nottingham , and the town and county of the town of Nottingham . '' wished more particularly to know why the county of Nottingham had been selected from the rest of the kingdom , for the exclusive operation of the proposed measure ? If the Bill had been to provide for the better watch and ward of the whole island , it would have met with his hearty concurrence . repeated the statements which he made in an earlier part of the evening , and added , that if the hon . gentleman had had personal observation of the state of Nottingham and its neighbourood , he would have felt the necessity of the intended measure.—Leave was accordingly granted , and the Bills brought in and read a first time . , impressed with the necessity of putting the House in possession of all the circumstances of this important subject , proceeded to move , `` That a committee be appointed to inquire into the late Riots in the county of Nottingham , and the neighbouring counties , and what further legal provisions , if any , are necessary for the suppression thereof , and also the steps which have been taken for the discovery of the offenders . '' argued against the appointment of the committee , as wholly unnecessary . He was persuaded that the House would think that the general notoriety of the riots was a sufficient ground for parliamentary procedure , and he deprecated any delay in providing a remedy for the existing evil . said he took the first opportunity on his return to town , of calling their lordships ' attention to a subject , which , whatever others might think , he considered to be of great importance . He lamented that a Kill prohibiting the granting of Offices in Reversion had been lost in the House of Commons , and he could not but consider the decision as an instance of great in-consistency . He was at a loss to conceive what arguments could have been urged to induce the rejection of such a measure . It surely could not heve been argued that it was of too trifling a nature to deserve the attention of the House , for if it were of a trifling nature , why not pass a measure so consolatory to the feelings of the people . It could not surely have been argued that the passing of it would have engendered a difference between the two Houses of Parliament , because that might easily have been got rid of by agreeing to a temporary bill , as in a former instance . But whatever might have been the arguments on which the rejection of such a Bill was founded , he could not but consider it as deeply to be lamented , inasmuch as the passing of the Bill would have been a first step towards the extinction of that system of corruption which unhappily prevailed ; and would so far have gratified the just expectations of the people . The continuance of the practice of granting Offices in Reversion was greatly to be deprecated , pregnant as it was with every species of underhand transactions . It was probable , however , that a Bill would come before their lordships for suspending this practice for a limited time ; and he