strictly been committed in the county in which in the indictment it was laid to be committed . The consequence was that the judge directed the acquittal of Tanner , and the indictment against captain Tomlinson being under the same circumstances , his prosecution was also abandoned . , of Kerry , bore the highest testimony to the character of capt . Temple , than whom a more humane and honourable man did not exist . On his trial , there did not appear the slightest ground to suppose , that the man of whose murder he was accused , had died in consequence of the punishment inflicted upon him . A fever was the evident cause of his death , and the judge in this case directed the immediate acquittal of captain Temple . observed , that the hon . and learned gentleman declared that captain Tomlinson had been most honourably acquitted . Without giving any opinion on the merits of capt . Tomlinson , he must say that the hon . and learned gentleman 's statement was altogether fallacious . Capt . Tomlinson had commanded one of his Majesty 's ships , which it became necessary to repair at Dartmouth . The bill made for the repairs done was utterly false , being enormously higher than the expences actually incurred . This bill , it was alleged , that captain Tomlinson had countersigned , by which it was rendered payable at the Navy board . When presented 961 by the shipwright , after the lapse of a considerable period , it was found to be either a forgery or a fraud . For this offence , the shipwright and captain Tomlinson were indicted in Middlesex , as having committed it in Middlesex . The shipwright was convicted : but ' on the opening of the trial of capt . Tomlinson , the judge observed that there might have been a collusion in Devonshire , but asked if there were any proof of a collusion on the part of capt . Tomlinson in Middlesex ? When told that capt . Tomlinson had countersigned the bill in Devonshire , the judge directed his immediate acquittal . Whether if capt . Tomlinson had been tried in Devonshire he might or might not have been acquitted , he would not say ; but unquestionably the hon . and learned gentleman had no right to call the result of the trial at the Old Bailey an honourable acquittal . , in explanation , observed , that the statement of the hon . gentleman differed very much from that of his right hon . and learned friend . His right hon . and learned friend had said that there was no conviction whatever ; the hon . gentleman asserted that there had been a conviction . He repeated that capt . Tomlinson was a very respectable officer , and had been promoted since the circumstance alluded to . In a private statement circulated by capt . Tomlinson , he declared that he had been acquitted because there was no evidence against him , and in nowise on account of any flaw in the indictment . He added , that the person by whom the vessel had been repaired , happening to have a sledge hammer in his hand , desired another person to sign for him ; a practice very common with that individual . did not pledge himself to the fact of the conviction of Tanner but with respect to capt . Tomlinson , he was unquestionably acquitted in consequence of the flaw in the indictment , and not upon the merits of the case . It was true that he had been promoted , and that the promotion had taken place after the occurrence alluded to , but before it was discovered . wished to know whether capt . Tomlinson had not been lately appointed to a command of the Sea Fencibles ? replied , that not only had no such appointment taken place , but that there had been no Sea Fencibles for the last two years . stated , that at the trial , capt . Tomlinson 's case was