to see him in his place . thought that it would be much more advisable to delay the motion until it was ascertained that the hon . baronet had received the communication just referred to , that he might at least have an opportunity of stating his objections . He thought that it could be no very severe hardship upon the magistrates , even if the order retained its original form : it might be the object of the hon . baronet to point out to the House certain magistrates who had not complied with the provisions of the statute . said , he had no doubt that his note had been received , for it was left at the house of the hon . baronet , who might afterwards , if he pleased , revive the order by taking the sense of the House . strongly objected to this last proposal . It would lead to this absurdity , that the House would be employed one day in making an order , next day in rescinding it , and afterwards in reviving it . For himself , he could see no harm in making the magistrates give in an account of their qualifications . What would be the result ? merely that the legislature should interfere to take cognizance of their conduct , instead of the quitam informers . At all events , the debate ought to be deferred till the hon . baronet came down to the House . could by no means agree with the last speaker , that it was the duty of this House to compel magistrates to render accounts which might criminate themselves . said , that it did not follow because the hon . baronet had not answered the communication , that he therefore assented to it . What was the meaning of the present motion ? An order was made for magistrates to state their qualifications ; and the right hon . secretary moved to alter it , because he found that some magistrates will be criminated by it . ( No ! no ! from the ministerial benches . ) Why , really , that was the result of his reasoning , when he stated , that it might produce great inconvenience to some magistrates . He himself thought the order very useful . If any magistrates had evaded the act , it was fit they should be animadverted upon ; if any should be found to have acted un- 403 intentionally , it would be in the power of the House to relieve them : He could not approve of the suggested method of reviving the order . thought that the House would exercise its inquisitorial power very improperly , if it forced magistrates to criminate themselves : nor would the order produce the desired effect . The present qualifications of magistrates might be very different from those which they possessed at first ; they might have sold or changed their original qualifications ; and it would be too inquisitorial for the House to demand an account of changes which it might be inconvenient to state . asked , was it to be endured , that the House should be required to give up its inquisitorial power , because the parties examined before it would perhaps be found to have broken the law ? Was it not rather the object of their inquisitions to detect such criminals ? But he denied , that in this case the magistrates would be called on to criminate themselves . The proper officers appointed in every county would present the desired information to the House . At any rate , the present proposition was not to be endured . It was , indeed , a principle of law , that a man should not be called on to criminate himself , because his confession might be used to his conviction . But the evidence received in that House could not be admitted as evidence to criminate a man out of it . No court of justice would allow it . He insisted , therefore , that the House should not , by admitting the