was true that by the Orders of 1809 , the trade to that quarter was considerably opened ; but it was erroneous to say , that the Orders 1055 did not in a certain degree extend to that as well as others . In fact , the Orders did prohibit the trade from Denmark , from Germany , from Italy , from all countries where the British flag was not allowed . But was it to be a principle , that if you could not entirely restrain the trade of an enemy , you were to take off all retraint ; or that , if you could only relieve yourself in part , you were not to relieve yourself at all ? But the system of licences came under the heavier charge of introducing-a spirit of immorality into the trading part of the nation.—Were they to put restraints on the freedom of British commerce , for the simple purpose of giving the trade of Europe to the Americans ? Or , if they were , what was to be the saving ? Instead of increasing this spirit of perjury , the effect of the licence system was precisely the reverse . Was it the intention of those who opposed that measure , that we should abandon the whole trade of the continent ? This they surely could not mean . But it had been said , why not employ America ? What ! A trade which was described as not fit for a British merchant to be concerned in , to be transferred to a neutral , as if that neutral were only in its proper vocation when carrying it on ! This was the inference that might be drawn ; but the whole matter simply amounted to the question , whether the trade should be allowed , or whether it should be wholly abolished . If we refused to grant a licence to a British subject , he would carry it on under the cover of an alien , and , in fact , therefore , we only permitted him to do that openly , which he would surely do clandestinely , and necessarily with aggravated circumstances of fraud and dissimulation : we only allowed him to do that legally , which he would be under the necessity of doing illegally , adding perjury to deception , and multiplying every species of trick and artifice to escape detection . It was formerly asserted by the opponents of the Orders , that we must lose the whole export that went to America . It was replied , that America did not import the entire for her own consumption ; and that when she ceased to carry , we might send direct . The case turned out so . In the year 1805 , the exports were , perhaps , highest ; and the goods supplied to North America were afterwards re-shipped by them for South America . If , therefore , we were prevented from transmitting them by that circuitous route , we had it in our 1056 power , in case of a Non-Intercourse act being passed , to send them direct to South America ourselves . Although it might be urged that the markets of that vast continent had been glutted , yet by comparing the exports of the three last years with the exports of the three years preceding , it would be found that there were ten millions in favour of the former ; and the exports to Canada had been nearly doubled during the latter period . ( In estimating these increases he took the official value as being the fixed one ; not the real value , which was constantly fluctuating . ) He begged the House to recollect , that between the 1st of March , 1809 , and the 1st of May , 1810 , with the interruption of only two months , the embargo in the ports of the United States was in force ; and yet , in that space , the trade of the country was carried on with greater success than at any other that could be pointed