present motion was not to punish Mr. Walsh , but to take a very important trust out of the hands of a person entirely unworthy to hold it . supported the motion , upon the ground that it was a case of great atrocity , the person against whom the fraud was committed being the friend and patron of the person who committed it . He hoped the House would not disgrace themselves by having amongst them so degraded a delinquent . There was no society , however insignificant , who did not exercise the power of expulsion in atrocious cases , and though he did not pretend to nicer feelings than others , he should feel most awkward on coming in contact with such a person . thought the subject of most grave and serious importance ; but the argument being already exhausted , he could not hope to add to the information of the House . He was surprized to hear 1195 the notoriety and publicity of the act brought forward as an argument for expulsion ; for , certainly , unless the circumstances themselves justified the House in going that length , the notoriety should have no effect . Another argument to which he objected , was that which was urged by the hon . gentleman who spoke last but one ; an argument which would induce the House to expel their member , lest a handle might be given for public charges against their proceedings . He hoped they would not be influenced by any such consideration . He hoped they were there to declare the law of parliament . By doing which they would have no reasonable ground for charging that honourable House with corrupt motives . It had been said , that in the case of Mr. Wall , the House was satisfied with a record of conviction without judgment ; but here we had not only a record without judgment , hut with a reason why there was no judgment . He disapproved generally of the practice of reserving points for the judges , instead of taking special verdicts , and supposed the reason why the prisoner 's counsel had consented and thought proper to reserve a point in the present case was their confidence that the law was in his favour . It had been said , that this was a case of pecuniary trust , and therefore peculiarly unfitted the person for holding a seat in that House ; but he did not conceive that the functions of that House were so exclusively of a pecuniary nature as to render offences of that class the only consideration . The hon . gentleman who spoke last but one , had stated many circumstances which aggravated the moral guilt , but that very fact of the aggravation of the moral guilt was a reason for the exercise of greater caution , as it was in the heat and indignation produced by such transactions , that dangerous precedents were most likely to be established . begged leave to offer a few words before the question passed to a vote . This was one of the instances which proved how necessary it was for men to guard against first impressions ; for there was no man who in the first instance did not think that Mr. Walsh 's conduct to sir T. Plomer ought to be visited with expulsion . But the more he thought on the subject , the more he was inclined to conclude that it ought not . In his opinion , be ought not to be expelled as a punishment , but kept in his place , and obliged to attend every day . The hap- 1196 piest thing for him , under the circumstances , was to be expelled . Gentlemen had cautioned the House against giving a handle to those who were inclined to vilify it , by permitting him to retain his seat ; but the very ground upon which those persons vilified the House , as it was called , was on the existence of such means as those by which Mr. Walsh obtained his seat .