for the first time , the Irish government had interposed its authority to suppress them . If the hon . and learned gent , supposed that the committees of former times , to which he alluded , were similar to the committees of 1809 and 1810 , in Dublin , he is completely ignorant of the country of which he is speaking . There was not a single point of similarity between these committees ; they differed in formation , in character , in proceedings , in object ; in short , they were as different as the imagination could conceive . If any doubt is entertained on this subject , I can produce such proofs of the radical , essential difference between the committees of former days and the one which is now unfortunately the subject of discussion , as must , if party feeling has not banished every sentiment of candour from the opposite benches , convince those gentlemen of the injustice , as well as the absurdity , of making the comparison . I will not enter into a detailed account of the proceedings or of the debates of the assembly calling itself the Catholic Committee.—I did so , in some degree , last year . It will be sufficient to say , that the Catholic Committee debated every topic that could irritate , inflame , or mislead the public mind ; that the columns of the newspapers were filled with their factious harangues and proceedings ; that they aped all the forms of Parliament ; that they had their committees and their subcommittees ; their committee of grievances ; in a word , that they affected to be , and assumed the tone of , a Convention representing the whole Catholic population of Ireland . They had even carried their proceedings to such an extent , that they themselves were sensible of the dangerous lengths to which they were going . I will mention an anecdote , to shew the sense they themselves entertained of their own proceedings . During one of the violent debates which took place in the Committee , after some language of a peculiarly inflammatory and seditious nature had been used , one of the members called out to a person who was taking notes , and said , `` We are going too far , you bad better not take that down . '' The note-taker replied , `` I thought so myself , and had already shut my book . '' Such was the character of the proceedings of this Committee before government interfered . When I state this , need it be asked what it was that caused the Circular Letter ? —If the 572 question is asked , I answer , it was because , not satisfied with debating and keeping the whole country in a ferment , they issued a circular letter in the name of their secretary , Mr. Hay , the object of which was to augment their numbers by ten representatives from each county . It was then that the government of Ireland felt that it could not consistently , with its duty to the public , adhere any longer to its system of forbearance , and that they were bound , if they meant to preserve the tranquillity of the country , to interfere . It has been said , I understand , in another place , that the Irish Government , last year , interfered just at the moment that the Committee was about to augment its numbers , by the accession of ten respectable persons from each county , who would have repressed the violence of the others . Was that the fact ? Lord Ffrench had , in consequence of the violence of their proceedings , seceded from them ; —and had used the emphatic expression , `` Ireland is sick of this business ; do you mean to erect yourselves into a perpetual parliament ? '' Lord Fingall had also seceded from them , and it was the remnant , whose violence had disgusted these noble lords and the moderate part of the Catholic body , that issued this