was voted by parliament . If so , she had no right whatever to call upon Great Britain for further aid ; the increase of the revenue of Portugal ought to be applied to the maintenance of her army , especially as our revenue was on the decline . If England was menaced with a foreign invasion , would Englishmen , he would ask , condescend to receive pay for carrying muskets in defence of their liberties and of their country ? The fact was so with the Portuguese , for the subsidy was granted for the express purpose of assisting them in defence of their own country ( Hear , hear ! ) Gentlemen might exclaim , but he wished they could contradict him . He would state a few facts in detail of the expences of our army in that quarter . At this moment , it must be admitted , on all hands , that the extent of it was not under 50,000 men at least available for service—the expence of the establishment of mules employed in carrying stores , & c. was not less than 4,000l . per diem , and this he could prove , if necessary . Each horse cost this country 5s ; per day , besides the provision for the cavalry , which was imported from America into Lisbon , and thence transported to the army , and their horses were expected to be furnished from this country . The ex-pence of transporting the heavy ordnance from Oporto to Ciudad Rodrigo cost this country 20,000l . With respect to keeping up the force we had in the peninsula , our means were not adequate to the effort , for the militia regiments were called on to supply their quotas for the line , and many of the , militia regiments were not complete , for some of the counties could not afford a ballot . There was no chance therefore of deriving assistance again from that , source . It was impracticable to keep up the cavalry 1305 regiments ; he could affirm , that one regiment , which at the end of the year 1808 was complete , consisting of eight troops , containing 640 men and horses , landed in Portugal , was now reduced , though it had been recruited five times since that time , to 480 men , and when in the field could not muster more than 400 men . Indeed he might say of all , 'Exeuntdisce omnes ! ' In recommending economy , he did not mean that our armies should be withdrawn , or that at the first charge the country should surrender at discretion . His only object was to induce the House to look at the situation of this country , and by its conduct prevent the furtherance of what he must deem a ruinous system , carried on in a country where so fair a prospect was not now presented as at the commencement of the contest . ( Hear , hear ! ) The right hon . gentleman might exclaim again , but that was his opinion ; and therefore he could not avoid recommending the adoption of measures more conducive to the security of the empire , and upon a scale more consistent with its resources . said , that he was one of those who originally thought that we should not have entered as principals into the war in the peninsula ; he still thought so , but he conceived that there was a great difference between such an opinion and that which he might entertain after that war had been so commenced , and continued for years . Whether they should have entered into it on the scale they had done , and whether they should now abandon it , were quite different questions ; for the policy of abandoning it might be a great deal worse than the policy which induced us to commence it . He could not agree with his hon . friend who spoke last ; for in the system which he recommended , though he said he would not abandon the