at present the enemy had no fleet at Brest , but the House would not therefore suppose that at some future time that most important port of France might not have to boast of a fleet . At present there was but one solitary ship of the line in the harbour ; there might be at some future time 25 or 30 ships , as formerly . If it would be proper to make Plymouth Sound a safe harbour , why not do it now , in order to . be prepared in the event of the enemy having a fleet at Brest ? Another great object was , to save as much as possible , the wear and tear of the ships . With these , views it would be desirable to 1312 make it a place of safety for the western fleet . The question was now , whether the mode suggested for improving the harbour was the best ? The committee would be aware that the idea was not modern . A variety of plans had been suggested . In 1806 , lord Howick had directed the plan of Mr. Rennie to be taken into consideration , and persons were appointed to survey the Sound , and report upon the practicability of carrying the plan into execution . The result of the investigation was , the proposal of a Breakwater , leaving open a passage to the East and West , to cover not more than three nautical miles ; the extent of the Breakwater to be something more than one mile ; the depth of the water would not be great , not more than between 28 and 30 feet , sufficient however for receiving , any ship of the line . The opinion of Mr. Jackson , the present Master Attendant of Plymouth Yard , was , that the water would be of depth sufficient for thirty-six ships of the line ; but supposing that not more than fifteen or twenty were safe moored under this proposed shelter , it would be a great gain to the country . The estimated expence of the whole of the works would be about 1,500,000l . That sum would be soon repaid in the saving which would arise in the fitting out of ships ; With respect to the plan , it was proposed to form the Breakwater upon shoals now very dangerous , as the Shovel and Carlos Rocks , which do harm to the Sound . In proceeding on the works there would be no speculation , for it was well known what had been done at Cherbourg , similar , in many respects , to the present plan . It was first proposed by M. Vauban after the battle of La Hogue , but was not carried into effect till the year 1785 . The situation of Cherbourg was different from Plymouth Sound , for it was exposed to the most tempestuous weather , with great rapidity of tides . It was proposed to sink a few cones , but that not succeeding , they had recourse to stones , and the works were completed in that manner . It was carried in extent two miles and three quarters in between nine and ten fathoms water , and now afforded complete shelter for the enemy 's ships of the line , in all weathers . If , therefore , the works were completed at Cherbourg , why might they not be completed at Plymouth Sound , where the facilities were greater , the proposed road not being more than one mile , whereas the French road was two miles and three quarters ; the shoals at 1313 Plymouth not being more than from 14 to 15 feet , and between 5 and 6 fathoms water . The probability of the success of the undertaking being so great , and the advantages likely to result so beneficial to the country , he frosted there could be no objection to the proposition . The right hon . gentleman then moved , `` That a sum not exceeding 80,000l . be granted for the purchase of quarries ,