. Before any jealousy was allowed to exist on these subjects , at least justice ought to be done to those who were connected with them . Did the hon . gentleman conceive it possible that the affairs of a great nation such as England could be successfully carried on in such missions as he had described , if the individuals employed in hose missions found themselves actually ruined in the discharge of the important trust reposed in hem ? Let the House consider the manner in which , Mr. Arbuthnot 's mission terminated ; he was obliged to 358 make a precipitate retreat . The hostility of the court at which he was a resident rendered it necessary for him to do so . He was compelled to leave every thing behind him . Not a single article of the charge was there that had not undergone the strictest scrutiny by the Treasury , and all that really was paid over to Mr. Arbuthnot was merely a fair return for the losses which he had inevitably sustained . When this occurrence took place he and his right hon . friend were perfect strangers to each other . Mr. Arbuthnot was not then secretary to the treasury , so that it could not be suspected that any undue influence existed favourable to his right hon . friend but unjust to the public . These observations would serve as an answer to all remarks on missions abruptly terminated . It was but just that the individuals who suffered , should successfully apply to the country for redress . If , however , any further scrutiny on the subject were thought necessary , let it be entered into , but let not the progress of the Bill before the House be impeded by a circumstance so little connected with it.—He came now to the consideration of what had been said respecting the commissioners whom it was proposed to appoint , for the purpose of managing his Majesty 's private property . On this subject he certainly had on a recent occasion replied across the table to a question put to him , by a right hon . gentleman opposite , that it was his intention to propose salaries to these commissioners to be paid out of the proceeds of the property itself . He had since , however , reason to believe that he should be able to find persons who would willingly take upon themselves that charge , without receiving any salary ; and he should therefore omit in the Bill all mention of salary whatever . The right hon . gentleman professed to feel great difficulty in legislating at all on the king 's private property : so should he . But unquestionably , as his private property , his Majesty had a right to expect that it should not be lost to him . The right hon . gentleman , after the profession of difficulty in legislating on the subject , proceeded to the conclusion , that the king 's private property was a thing which might be taken from his Majesty without any ceremony . He did not think that many of those who in the first instance were of opinion that it was an extremely delicate thing to legislate respecting this king 's private property , would immedidiately afterwards manifest a disposition to 359 jump at it , and take it away altogether . If at the end of the year the expence should exceed the estimate by 10,000l. , that excess should be communicated . Undoubtedly this provision would not ensure the nonoccurrence of any excess ; but it would insure this ; that the error , if any should take place , would be known and declared in the time of the minister under whom it had occurred , and that parliament should have the opportunity , in his presence , of considering how far it was or was not justifiable.—Another objection made to the measure by the right hon . gentleman , related to the manner in which the funds granted to his royal highness the Prince Regent were left at his disposal .