this petition , and addressed the queen , and requested that these funds might be appropriated , as they were intended , to colonial purposes ; and they were so . In George 1 , this fund was again specifically exempted when arranging the royal revenue ; and the same in George 2 . Upon the accession of his present Majesty , however , a new species of arrangement took place . It was agreed , that upon his surrendering certain revenues he should receive a specific sum for his the civil list . It might be said , indeed , ( and that was the only thing that could be urged ) that in the enumeration of the revenues , which was moved for in consequence of his Majesty 's message to parliament , this fund of 4½ per cent , was not surrendered by name . True : and why ? Because he could not be said to possess them . Queen Anne never had them : and they were specifically exempted in the regulations for the revenue of George 1 and 2 . But admitting that these sums ought to find their way into this country , they should certainly go to the consolidated fund , and not in aid of the civil list . With regard to the abuses , he would state that this fund had produced l,600,000l . since his Majesty 's accession and out of 745 this , 400,000l . had been paid for salaries to governors . If this sum had been paid , however , to the governors of Barbadoes and Leeward islands , there might be no reason to complain ; but out of this 400,000l . all the governors of islands seemed to be paid , even those of Guernsey and Jersey . Why this unfortunate island of Barbadoes should be saddled with payment of governors of all our other islands in every part of the world no man could devise . For special or secret service , a sum of 326,000l . had been taken from this fund , altogether without the knowledge of parliament , a proceeding as injurious to the constitution as it was unjust to this island . In the same way , it appeared , 48,000l . had been apportioned amongst different secretaries of the Treasury , probably for parliamentary electioneering purposes ; 170,000l , had been given at different times from this resource to the civil list without the knowledge of parliament , though the civil list was a fixed and settled sum , and though the crown came to parliament asking for payment of its debts , and concealing this contribution it raised from this devoted island of Barbadoes . But of this fund too , 740,000l . had in the course of the present reign been paid in pensions to different persons in this country . This fund had the double advantage of being out of sight , and that pensions to a greater amount might be granted out of it than out of the civil list , where by Mr. Burke 's act they could not exceed 1,200l . per annum . These united circumstances had made the 4½ per cent , duties the general resort for all the fashionable world who were in pursuit of pensions . It was really too much that all those lords and ladies , and members of parliament , with their wives , and brothers , and sisters , who were to be seen in such numbers in this list of Barbadoes pensioners , should be permitted any longer to plunder this proscribed portion of the empire . The only remedy for this crying grievance to these islands , and this source of corruption to this country , was to do what was done in queen Anne 's time , to . restore for a second time these duties to the local and colonial purposes for which they were originally intended . He should however , in the first instance , content himself with moving , `` That a Select Committee be appointed , to examine into the nature of the duties arising in