the Admiralty to be the property of the crown , did not carry the argument the length of contending that the House had no controul over them , though he denied that there was any occasion for a previous approval by parliament of any appropriation of them . His hon . and learned friend who brought forward the present motion , did not argue the case as if the crown exercised a usurpation over this fund , but as if he doubted whether the crown did so or not . The right however , he ( Mr. Stephen ) conceived to be indisputable . His hon . and learned friend agreed , that previous to the revolution , the right was in the Lord High Admiral ; and was not that office put in commission by the king ? If the right was in the admiral before , it seemed to follow that it must now be in the crown . The words of lord Clarendon , addressed to Charles the 2nd , which his hon . and learned friend had quoted , seemed even to favour this idea ; his lordship telling his majesty that he , not his people , would be abominably cozened , by suffering the profits of this office to remain unaccounted for at the exchequer.—With respect to those disputes which might have arisen at different periods of our history as to the distribution of these droits , they were rather disputes between the king and the captor , or the Lord High Admiral and the captor , than between the king and the public . He could not help thinking that his hon . and learned friend had been a little strong in his phraseology , when he said , that all 266 such grants were contrary to the spirit of the constitution . According to such reasoning , every one of those acts settling , the evil , list revenue , were violations of the constitution , because it was clear that by each of them , the legislature left in the crown property not granted by the parliament . If this was against the constitution , then forfeitures and seizures and all grants arising there from , might be , with equal justice , said to be anti-constitutional . Besides , grants might be made in ease of the public service , though not immediately for the public service , which , however , it would not be fair to consider as an abuse of public money . It was at the same time but just to consider , that the civil list had not at any time been adequate to the claims upon it . Mr. Justice Blackstone was a writer not disposed to yield or compromise the privileges of the subject , and yet in the year 1777 , he had acknowledged the utter deficiency of the civil list to answer the claims upon it , and even appealed to every gentleman of private fortune , whether from an impartial calculation of the proportion of his respective means to the private demands upon him even at that period , the civil list could be supposed to be adequate to the great demands upon it.—It was unfair too in his hon . and learned friend to talk of eight millions as the amount of the droits at present . The net sum , including every possible item , was only 7,344,677l . The reductions themselves amounted to more than a moiety . The mere payments to captors amounted to 2,336,745l . ; and with regard to the objection to captors in certain cases , he wished to know from his hon . and learned friend , whether he would take upon him to say , that in no case , private captors ought to have remuneration ? Might not war break out under such circumstances as to render it most just and expedient that private captors should be remunerated ? —Another deduction was that of 406,554l . to neutral claimants . There was a still further deduction of 289,691l . for payments to the receiver general of droits , law charges