been apprised of the situation of the persons who had mistakenly supposed that their wages were about to be curtailed . Many frames had been broken of considerable value , which it was out of the power of the magistrates to prevent ; but there was no general disposition in the inhabitants to assist the rioters . He was sure that vigilance might have prevented the continuance of the mischief . Thinking so , he saw nothing to require this new punishment , and strongly recommended the previous appointment of a committee to enquire into its necessity . , in explanation , observed that the outrages were committed sometimes at a distance of thirty miles from the town of Nottingham . , living in the district complained of , and representing a borough carrying on a manufacture similar to that of Nottingham , felt it necessary to say a few words . He impressed upon the House the importance of a committee , that posterity might know with what due deliberation the House had proceeded , before it determined on taking away the lives of any of the subjects of the crown . He recommended that the first Bill proposed should be only temporary ; ( hear , hear ! ) and that the second which went to introduce the excellent system of watch and ward , so great a favourite with their forefathers , should be made to apply generally to the united kingdom . It might be wanted at Leicester as well as at Nottingham ; indeed , during the disturbances , information was received that emissaries had been sent from the latter to the former town . replied to most of the objections urged against the present measure . As for the extension of the provisions in the Bills to other districts , that might , if necessary , be made an instruction when the House came into a committee ; which time would also be more convenient , from their having the Bills printed . With regard to what seemed to have created the greatest difference of opinion , namely , that a previous committee ought to have been appointed on the Report , from which they should found the necessary measures , he could not see that such a step was at all called for by the circumstances of the case . If the House Had heard that any doubt was entertained 820 as to the existence of the evils respecting which they were proceeding to legislate , if their nature , quality , and effect were at all misunderstood , then indeed they might be desirous to have previous investigation . But as the reverse was agreed on all hands , he could not see any good which could be derived from the report of a committee . It bad been told them by the hon . gentleman who had last spoken , that they ought to resort to this step , as they were legislating for posterity : but he concurred in the opinion , that the measures now adopted ought to be only temporary , and that therefore their main duty was , in the first instance , to take care of themselves . A right hon . gentleman , ( Mr. Sheridan ) , seemed to congratulate himself that he had got ministers in a dilemma , for he said— '' If expedition is now so necessary , how can ministers defend themselves for not having introduced these measures sooner ? '' It was because they bad adopted other measures , approved by the best-informed on the subject , which they had hoped would be effectual in beating down the evil , and during the trial of which it would have been absurd to bring other views of the subject before parliament . Without meaning any disrespect to the honourable names of sir Walter Raleigh and sir F. Bacon , with so much meritorious industry brought forward by his hon . friend ( Mr. Frankland ) , as an example to be followed in the formation of a committee , before enacting any new capital punishment , be could not agree