her release , which was after a confinement of three years and a half , was obliged to pay all costs , amounting to 11l . 12s . As he was adverting so much to excommunication , perhaps it would be as well to tell gentlemen , who might not be apprized of its consequences , to what extent it went . Excommunication cut a person off from all civil rights ; they were looked on as heathens and publicans ; they could succeed to no inheritance , as they could bring no action : they were not competent to be jurors or witnesses in a court of law : and , if they died , they were not entitled to christian burial . Such were the evils attendant upon a sentence of excommunication . He had further to notice a singular , and , in his mind , a very reprehensible circumstance , connected with the case of Robinson . The name of the sheriff of Bristol was scratched out of her commitment , and that of the sheriff of Gloucestershire inserted in its stead . This was a very dangerous , and apparently , illegal act ; and the poor woman was thereupon imprisoned in Gloucestershire , instead of Bristol , where she was excommunicated.—There were a number of other cases , which he could cite in proof of these grievances and abuses , all of which he was prepared to authenticate at the bar of the House . Among others , he would notice that of John Williams , a labouring man , excommunicated for not appearing to a citation for 17s. , a rate imposed for the enlargement of the church-yard : also the case of a man of the name of Robins , for non-payment of tithes , to the amount of less than 40s . against whom , therefore , a summary remedy might have been had ; but , instead of this , the cause was carried into the ecclesiastical court . This man had put his cause into the hands of a proctor , who , not appearing in court , was declared to be contumaceous , and his client , through him , to be contumaceous ; who was thereupon excommunicated , and imprisoned for months , till liberated , on payment of 35l . costs.—Another man , Thomas Lewis , was excommunicated for contumacy , in not putting in a written answer to a libel charging him with 5 or 6s . for some purpose or other . This man was a pauper , and could neither write himself , or pay any one for writing for him ; and yet he was in gaol for three years , until he was discharged under the Lords ' Act . On these cases he put it to the House to say , if it was fit and right that such of- 301 fences should be so punished ? The fines in these courts far exceeded the fines in the high court of chancery , and the ex-pences were not only large , but uncertain , and uncertainty was one of the greatest evils in law . In similar cases , where the parties were punished for not appearing , they amounted in one instance ( Robinson 's ) to 11l . 12s . and in another to 26l . ; and , indeed , the only purpose of these excommunications and imprisonments seemed to be , the extortion of exorbitant fees . One person for contempt , in not doing penance , was fined in costs 10l . 5s . A man and his wife , cited for the same offence , came off for the payment , the former of 27l . and the latter of 24l . In another case , for defamation , the costs amounted to 56l . It was evident , therefore , that it was not the correction of morals , but the payment of costs , which led to these proceedings . Nor was this a new doctrine , for these were the old charges urged against these courts ; their excommunications for trifling