true interests of the country . said , that when he read the resolutions passed in America , he wished that resolutions of a contrary nature should be passed to meet them . The American government had in fact declared , that they would go to war with this country as soon as they were prepared . He thought that such resolutions might fairly be met by a declaration of war upon our part , for if the alternative was war or humiliation , surely the former was infinitely preferable . ( of Kerry ) ort the contrary was of opinion , that war with America ought-to he avoided as much as possible . He had great doubts whether we were right in the present quarrel . As to what had been so much talked of , —our maritime rights , —he believed that much of what was claimed as maritime right , was somewhat doubtful . It appeared now , that we were to maintain those rights , as they were called , against almost all Europe . He hoped that those rights which were to be maintained against so formidable a force , would be just and clear beyond dispute . The policy of a war with America appeared to him to be as doubtful as the justice of it . It would cause an accession to France of many advantages in naval stores , and of a large body of sailors not inferior to our own . thought that notwithstanding the moderation of tone and manner of the right hon . gentleman who had just sat down , it was hardly possible that war between this country and America Could 783 be avoided , if the government were to act in the spirit of the sentiments which had been that night delivered by that right hon . gentleman and the hon . and learned gentleman who preceded him . The House would do well to recollect , that however strong the feeling displayed on the present occasion by the supporters of government might be , the expression of feeling at the beginning of the last war with America was not less violent . He prayed to God that the termination of the war which the country seemed now entering into might be less fatal than that of the former . Bat how could any man reasonably entertain such a hope at the present moment , who took a considerate view of the situation of the two countries ? If we were formerly unsuccessful , how could it be supposed that we could be now successful against a people whose population and resources had been tripled ? A war with America surely ought not to be gone into with levity—but ought to be preceded by the utmost caution and deliberation . He wished to say a word or two about the question of right . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer on this subject had resorted to rather a curious mode of argument , and seemed to think it enough if he could throw the charge of originating the measures which ended in the Orders in Council on the administration which preceded him . Whether these Orders in Council were to be considered as a retaliation of the measures of the French government or not , or whether the French or the people of this country were the original aggressors , was not , in his opinion , the question at present for the consideration of the House . It had been always said by the advocates for these orders , that America would suffer from them . It was France that was said to be in the wrong , and not America ; and the injustice of France was the justification of the injury done to America . Admitting then , that America did suffer from these Orders in Council , surely the manner in which they had expressed their sufferings was at least entitled to attention But the question was , had this country redeemed the pledge which it gave the American government respecting the Orders in Council ? The Orders were to