, at least , as is consistent with good faith to the Protestants of Ireland , who are parties very importantly interested in this question , both in the preservation of their church and of their property ) ; but ail that is , at present , attempted to be established , is the true ground upon which the consideration of the question commences , and from which it sets out . Surely it must be admitted that the presumption is in favour of the existing constitution , and the burden of proof lies upon the Catholic ; he and his advocates must make out their reasons for altering the constitution.—Here is no new principle of exclusion to be set up—no established privileges to be taken away . The Catholic has no right to call upon his opponents to argue this as a question of exclusion and restriction , against which the presumption lies ; that question has already been decided by the constitution ; —he must establish his case for altering the constitution , and must shew that , what hitherto could not be done with safety and propriety , may now be effected with advantage and with security . Not only does the proof lie upon the Catholics , but its clearness must be proportioned to the magnitude of what is asked , and the risk in granting it . At present , no specific proposition is brought forward ; yet , on the other hand , no former demands are given up , nor are any counter concessions offered . Referring , therefore , to former claims , they ask , and they propose to accept , no less than 'full , complete , unqualified participation of political power . ' Now , if , upon examination , this shall appear not to be giving up a little on the part of the Protestant government in order to confer a great benefit on the whole Catholic body ; but that , while it is conferring comparatively a small benefit upon Catholics in general , it may be risking every thing to the Protestant establishments , particularly to those of Ireland—in that case , the safety of the measure should be made out to be clear and manifest ; its safety should be proved , not by specious reasonings and theoretical refinements , for against those are to be placed past experience , and the uniform decisions of our ancestors . The chance of partial benefit , will not justify the risk of universal calamity . Under the constitution , as it exists , the nation has enjoyed 505 the greatest blessings liaberty—toleration—wealth—tranquility—external greatness—and domestic happiness . Before we risk these enjoyments , by an important alteration in the constitution , —by admitting , into a full participation of the powers of the state , a description of persons whom the constitution ( no matter for what cause , religious or other ) has , hitherto , judged it necessary to exclude , it ought to be made clear , almost to moral demonstration , that the change can be safely made . Let , then , the true question for consideration be constantly kept in sight It is not whether the Catholics are loyal ; the great body of them are loyally attached to the constitution and to the empire , and would be more universally so , were they not led astray by wicked and designing persons , who , to answer purposes of their own , endeavour to excite the Catholics to turbulence . It is not , whether they shall have full toleration ; they have it already . It is not whether they shall be protected in their persons and in their property ; they are under the protection of the same laws as the rest of the king 's subjects : —but whether they shall unconditionally share in every part of political power . That some qualifications may be required for admission into the exercise of particular parts of political power will hardly be denied , since it is a principle that runs through almost every branch of our constitutional law .