to hare induced him to oppose the bill going into a committee . Within a few days , papers had been laid before the House , many parts of which required explanation . The grants to the marquis Wellesley and sir Sidney Smith , which , doubtless , could be satisfactorily explained , demanded some farther information . No explanation had been afforded of the occasional disbursements ; and here he must observe , that in the accounts from the Lord Chamberlain 's department , many names were omitted , which , in the committee , he should call for There he would also ask why the predecessor of the hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Arbuthnot ) was not named , because part of the expence was said to have been incurred by him in his mission to Constantinople ? He could wish the postponement of the committee , that information might be received on those subjects . But even if that were conceded , the principle of the bill was such that he could not support it . began by observing , that the hon . gentleman who had just sat down , had complained of his having abstained from offering to the House any remarks or explanations on the subject before them . He could assure the hon . gentleman and the House , that no indisposition of that nature existed in his mind . He was anxious to give as satisfactory an explanation as possible of the various topics comprised in the bill ; and he had withheld that explanation until the present moment , in order to give himself an opportunity of collecting the various objections which different hon . gentlemen entertained towards the measure . Had he risen immediately after the right hon . gentleman who opened the debate , he should have been precluded from hearing the observations of the several hon . gentlemen who followed . At the same time , while he frankly declared 354 that he had not the slightest disinclination to explain that which required explanation , he trusted that the hon . gentleman who had just sat down , would not succeed in convincing the House , because he himself had fallen into a great misconception on the subject , that , therefore , his misconception and the misconceptions of others , not only called on him ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) to tender to the House an explanation of the point so conceived , but also called on the House to go into an enquiry on the subject . He rather thought indeed , that the whisper of the hon . gentleman 's friend while the hon . gentleman was in the midst of his misconception , and which convinced him of his error , would sufficiently shew him that on that point at least , there was no necessity for any such enquiry as would impede the progress of the bill . He felt happy that he had waited for the speech of the hon . gentleman who had just sat down , for until the delivery of that speech , he was at a loss to know , from what he had before heard , how to address his arguments . He was uncertain whether the observations of the preceding speakers were in opposition to the principle of the bill or not . The question before the House was , whether or not the objections to the bill were of such a description , that it was their duty not to proceed with it without that detailed inquiry which had been so strongly recommended . The hon . gentleman had pointed out several items in the papers , into which he wished that some inquiry might be made , before he could acknowledge the necessity of agreeing to the grants in the bill . If on a view of the expences of the Household , and of the charges likely to be brought upon it , it should satisfactorily appear that no more was asked for , than what was indispensible , no inquiry could then be deemed necessary ; but should any