of justice , he most agree that here we were unrivalled , —that there was no country in the world , —that there never was a country , where the innocent man was so secure of acquittal as here . But as to punishment , he knew of no country in Europe , —perhaps be ought to speak of it as before the late 1082 dreadful revolution—where so many suffered by sanguinary punishments . Were we about to write in blood the new code for the new situation to which we were gradually advancing ? In this instance , we could not punish without frequently committing the most shocking offences against humanity . Crimes of the most different nature were mingled under one punishment ; and death was to be equally inflicted for conspiracy and for acts for which a school-boy 's whipping would be too severe . Men were to be hanged for 'damaging ' frames . What a word ! and how capable of perversion . What was 'damaging ' a frame ? The slightest injury to the slightest part of a complicated machinery was to bring a man in peril of his life . This was enough to throw the body of the manufacturing people into despair . Tell them , that if from folly or malice a man break any part of a machine , he forfeits his life , as much as if he had conspired to destroy the whole machinery of the establishment , —as much as if he had murdered the man at the machine , and the consequence must be horrid . The wisdom of legislators was employed in pointing out the gradations of crime , and making the return always more easy than the progress ; but here , '' Returning were as tedious as go o'er , '' and the moment the workman had touched upon his crime , he had incurred the punishment of its consummation . said he had not heard any noble lord on his side of the House deny that there was distress among the manufacturers , but they had distinctly denied that the distress arose from the Orders in Council ; and it was evident that those Orders were blameless , as it had actually happened that the trade had never been more flourishing than since their operation . It had happened that at a late period there had been a sudden excitement of trade ; that it had been followed by a glut of the market ; and that glut , by distress among the workmen . Nothing was more in the course of things : the same events had been continually occurring , sometimes in war , sometimes in peace . So long as the spirit of speculation existed among traders , and so long as , in this free country , no restraint was put upon any man 's use of his money , so long those circumstances must occur from time to time . But the present interposition of parliament was called for , not by the distresses of the workmen , but from a con- 1083 spiracy against the machinery , which had regularly exhibited itself at all times when machinery had been employed to the disuse of manual labour . They had found penal statutes necessary for the protection of every successive kind of machinery . His lordship read a passage from archdeacon Paley , implying that the intensity of punishment was to be adapted , not to the enormity of the crime , but to the difficulty of preventing it in society . It was on this principle that a man was hung for stealing a sheep or a horse ; though , in the bare enunciation of the thing , it would seem horrible to hang a man for stealing a sheep . There were but two ways of determining punishments , —either by leaving them under a general description to the discretion of the judge , or by stating the shades of crime , and affixing the separate punishment . The latter would be scarcely found possible . But where was the evil of the former