itself was a mere brutum fulmen , and required to be followed up with the calling in the assistance of a civil court . If the legislature thought proper to entrust ecclesiastical courts with that power which was en- 315 trusted to every other court in the country , then this circuitous mode of proceeding would necessarily be at an end . When he saw that those courts were principally occupied with the decision of causes purely civil , that they were completely incorporated with the judicature of the country ; when he considered that every other court had the power of enforcing obedience to its own decrees , and that from the constitution of ecclesiastical courts they were reduced to what he would call a profane application of excommunication , that they could not even pronounce an interlocutory sentence without having recourse to it , he certainly thought that the legislature could not be better employed than in providing a remedy for this inconvenience ; and should the legislature so far forget its ancient prejudices , as , to consent to this remedy , he had no doubt that those who presided in the ecclesiastical courts would be extremely grateful for this interference . The number of inferior ecclesiastical jurisdictions was certainly very great , but if no particular charge could be brought forward against their administration , there really appeared no reason for going into any inquiry of the nature of the present . He had presided three years in a court to which appeals lay from all the inferior ecclesiastical jurisdictions of the country , which amounted in all to 19 , and during the whole of that period there had not been more than 9 or 10 appeals . He thought therefore he was entitled to contend that no mal-administration existed to such an extent as to call for an inquiry of the nature of the present . The noble lord had been able to produce only 12 cases , from an examination into all the ecclesiastical jurisdictions in the west of England ; and of these 12 cases , which were all that could be raked up in a period of 12 or 13 years , 6 were for defamation , and 2 were for tythes . The result of this diligent examination certainly would not lead him to the conclusion contended for by the noble lord . The remedy which that noble lord had proposed , he certainly could by no means give his consent to . It was neither more nor less than inviting all dissatisfied suitors , and all unfortunate suitors were dissatisfied throughout the country , to bring forward complaints to the Committee against the ecclesiastical courts ; it was hunting for grounds of accusation against them . If the present mode of proceeding was incon- 316 venient , the remedy was perfectly obvious , without the appointment of such a Committee of Inquiry . said , he had heard with great satisfaction , the statements so distinctly made by the two learned gentlemen that night . He confessed , that when he had heard the first part of the speech of the right hon . and learned gentleman ( sir W. Scott ) he was not prepared for the conclusion which followed it . Certainly , at least , one third part of that speech did tend to corroborate all the noble lord 's conclusions , for it confirmed his statement , that there was something in those courts which stood in great need of reformation . If any of those learned gentlemen were willing to bring forward a remedy , he believed the noble lord would be perfectly willing that the reformation should be entrusted to them . But by whom would a bill be brought in If his hon . and learned friend beside him ( sir S. Romilly ) were to introduce such a bill , so great was his weight in the country , notwithstanding his want of experience in that particular department , that he had no doubt it would be received with that deference with which every thing from him would be received ;