. in the last year ? said , that the Board of Education had made an elaborate report upon the state of these schools , from which it appeared , that in consequence of the increased price of provisions , it had been found necessary to allow one halfpenny per day in addition for the board of each of the children maintained in these schools , amounting to 2,400 . These schools , he was sorry to say , had not been kept up in a proper way , but now they were very much improved , and the greatest attention was paid to them . He could undertake to say , that in no one instance was there greater attention paid to the expenditure of public money , than in that of the Protestant charter schools . said , that the right hon . gentleman had not explained to his satisfaction the cause of the increase this year , over and above the increase of 10,000l . last year ; the repairs of the buildings only amounted to 5,000l . wished to know whether there was any check on the expenditure of the money granted ? said , that these accounts all went before the Auditors of Public Accounts , by whom they were scrupulously examined , and these auditors had praised in the strongest terms the mode adopted 1222 with respect to the conduct of these schools . With regard to the increase which the right hon . baronet said had taken place in the vote of last year , he was not prepared to state how it arose , as he had But proposed the grant . If , however , the Protestant charter schools in Ireland were to be kept up , it appeared to him to be sufficient to lay before the committee as accurate and as close an estimate of the necessary expence as could be prepared . If gentlemen thought that any part of the estimate was objectionable , let them point it out , and he was ready to answer them , and to give the fullest explanation . maintained , that he had a right to demand , from any minister , a full explanation , as to the votes of the public money ; nor would twenty close estimates solve the question he had put , and to which he had a right to expect an answer , without the imputation of cavil , which now seemed to be the custom to impute to any gentleman who wished for information on the disposal of the annual grants . said , that the committee would judge whether he had not shewn a dispotion to satisfy the right hon . baronet or any other gentleman who desired explanation on any point . He had answered him , over and over , and he conceived that , standing as he did , with a close estimate in his hand , he had nothing more to do than to propose the Resolution to the committee . said , he was anxious to learn from the right hon . gentleman , whether it was in the contemplation of the Irish government to take advantage of the new system of education , by which 180,000 children might be educated at an expence not exceeding that which 2,430 cost now ? If this plan were adopted , the whole population of Ireland might be educated in the course of a few years . He begged leave to suggest , that the commissioners might select one or two boys , from each of the Charter-schools , who could be sent to England to learn the new system , and who could be thus qualified to act as teachers in the different schools , which it was his wish to see established . begged leave shortly to trouble the committee , in consequence of what had fallen from the hon . member . The observations of that hon . gentleman seemed to him to apply , not so much to the subject which was immediately under , the consideration of the committee , as to the general 1223 system