so manacled and fettered ? There was a clause in the Bill , to which he would briefly advert . It is stated that since 1804 , the charges of the Civil List have exceeded the funds by about 124,000l . annually . It might turn out that this was very correct , and that this excess was justifiable . Perhaps , then , his royal highness would soon experience something like the embarrassments of his father . How , then , would he be enabled to discharge these engagements of honour ? It was proper to observe , that the Prince 's debts had never yet been in any manner discharged by the nation , but had hitherto been liquidated out of his own funds up to the last two years.—On all these grounds he was desirous , before he came to a decision , of having a full view of every particular connected with this important subject , and that the Prince Regent should be placed on the throne with a mind free from embarrassment , that he might employ it in the great public duty imposed on him . The House ought to see every thing arranged and established on a solid footing , and at the same time so liberal and splendid , as to be equally honourable to the givers and to the receiver . But he objected to slurring over any part of this important matter : such a mode of proceeding was neither fit for royalty or the plain dealing of that House . Why , then , were they called on to vote by piecemeal ? Why to slur over the provision which they would necessarily be called on , and ought to make for the amiable Princesses , who , they were told , would live , when in town , with the Regent , and when in the country with the Queen . Was this a treatment fitting the age and character of these princesses ? The House ought at once to make a suitable provision for them . It was well known that in 1804 , 20,000l . was allowed to the Queen on account of the encreased expences to which she was exposed on their account.—But the whole of the present proceedings carried suspicion on the face of them . It was 341 evident that there was every disposition to liberality in the House—a disposition to do every thing becoming the splendour and dignity of the throne and the royal family Why , then , did not the right hon . gentleman come forward at once , and take from the country what every man was ready to give , provided it was not greater than the funds and exigencies of the country would allow If they did not enter at present upon a full arrangement , every year they went on they would be continually exposed to a fresh discussion on the subject of the Civil List . It was true they were told that the average excess had been hitherto discharged out of the Droits of Admiralty and the excess of the Scotch Revenue , and that if the expenditure of his royal highness should exceed that average excess , it would be necessary to come to parliament . What was this , he would ask , but an indirect statement , that an addition was to be made to the Civil List to the amount of this average excedent , while in the outset he was to be curtailed of 50,000l . enjoyed by his father . The fact was , that this was a plan to keep the Prince Regent always in restraint , always under the necessity of applying for something from ministers , for which , no doubt , he was to give something to ministers in return . Their conduct appeared here in the most artful light . He wanted , therefore , to see the Prince entirely free from ministers . During the whole of the last reign , animosities had taken place respecting the paying off the debts contracted by the Civil List . Why , then ; would