in it , and if he troubled the House with any observations not immediately connected with the subject before them , he hoped he should be pardoned for so doing . It was not his wish to re-agitate that question , or to introduce any party feelings into the discussion . His object was to do justice to others where he felt that justice was due ; to take responsibility upon himself , when he was aware that he alone ought to-be responsible ; and to justify himself when he was confident that full and entire justification could be offered . ( Hear , hear ! ) With respect to his own justification , it would depend entirely upon the circumstances which he should state to the House . Upon the review of the whole of 730 his conduct , he believed that he could not do otherwise than he had done , and if it were to be done again , he should pursue the same conduct . When he spoke of doing justice to others , he alluded particularly to lord Grey , from whom he had received the instructions upon which he had acted . Many persons had said to him , that having received instructions and obeyed them , he was no longer responsible , but these were grounds upon which he would not rest his defence . Lord Grey was certainly not bound to have given him such instructions , but he never wrote a dispatch from Constantinople , without calling upon his lordship to give him the instructions which he had afterwards received . He had suggested the necessity , of pursuing those measures which were pursued ; and he had stated , that unless a British squadron were sent to act with efficacy at Constantinople , the court of Russia would think we were not sincere in the common cause . He therefore should ever feel that the instructions had proceeded from the opinions given by him , and upon him ought in justice to fall , whatever responsibility had been incurred by such instructions . He should now state shortly the causes which led to the termination of his mission . As soon as general Sebastiani arrived at Constantinople ( not to go farther back ) it was perceived that the Porte , which until then had been willing to act up to its engagements , was disposed to break the alliance with Russia . A Russian frigate having appeared in the Bosphorus , general Sebastiani declared , that he could not permit such a circumstance , and if the Porte wished to preserve friendship with France , Russian ships must not be allowed to enter the Bosphorus . At that time the Hospodars of Moldavia and Wallachia were displaced in violation of the treaty with Russia , and this was done at the instigation of Sebastiani : the Court of Russia ordered the Russian minister to complain of this circumstance and to threaten to leave Constantinople if they were not restored ; his application had not the desired effect ; he then applied to him ( Mr. Arbuthnot ) to support his representation , which he did , and after a negociation of 14 days , the Hospodars were reinstated . Nothing could be greater than the influence of the British Court at the Porte at that time , as was proved by the restoration of the Hospodars . But about six weeks afterwards , it was rumoured that a Rus- 731 sian army had crossed into Moldavia . He was immediately applied to by the Ministers of the Porte upon the subject , but he could not give them any satisfactory information , M. de Italinski , the Russian minister , not having received any intimation of the event . As his object was to prevent a war betwen Russia and the Porte , he prevailed upon the Turkish government to wait until dispatches were received from Petersburgh . He obtained a delay of three weeks ; at length the janissaries and the uhlema became impatient , and clamoured for a war with Russia . The Russian minister was then