against the enemy , but to be defensive against a rival in trade—if they were not to be belligerent measures , but purely defensive , then all the arguments by which they had hitherto been supported would fail to apply . He should no longer defend what he had looked upon as retaliatory upon a belligerent , if they were to lose that character , and be considered as measures of commercial rivalry . He bad understood these Orders to rest upon the principle of retaliation alone , and he should beg leave to introduce the few observations he had to address to the House on the subject , by recalling their attention to the Order in which these measures were resorted to . When the French government had thought proper to declare the British Islands in a state of blockade , it was deemed right by the British government to denounce to the world the injustice of the proceeding , and to proclaim its own right to retaliate , at the same time announcing that if it did not carry its retaliation to the full extent to which it was entitled , it was influenced by expediency only . The words of the Orders in Council made on the 7th of January 1807 , were , `` Whereas '' ( reciting the Berlin decree , & c. ) `` such measures would give a right of full retaliation to restrain the injuries of the French government , and to retort the evils of its own injustice , & c. '' The very terms of this Order proved that it was merely retaliatory . The Order of November , 1807 , referred to this Order of January , and expressly declared that 1143 they were intended to `` retort upon the enemy the violence of his own aggression . '' Such had been the ground , the origin , and the principle of the Orders of 1807 . His Majesty had undoubtedly thought it right to qualify the principle of retaliation by the adoption of a restriction in its application which amounted only to a mitigation in favour of neutrals . This mitigation of the extended principle showed the desire of his Majesty 's government to confine the evil to the enemy , and if any part of it should fall upon neutrals , it was the enemy alone that was responsible for it . Where the operation was confined to retaliation , the evil to the neutral was only incidental though not to be avoided : it was a consequence to be regretted , but the measures from which it resulted were forced upon the British government . If at any time it should appear that these Orders did not retort his aggression upon the enemy , but operated solely to the injury of the neutrals ; if even the British government should appear to have interfered to relieve their pressure upon the enemy , they would stand upon far different principles from those upon which he had supported them , and would , in his opinion , be very proper objects for examination and revision . It was obvious , that , when a considerable change had been produced in the situation of Europe , by the transactions in the peninsula , as well as by other events on the continent , the Orders of 1807 were found to be no longer applicable . This change led to the adoption of the Orders of April 1809 , which converted the larger blockade under the previous Orders into a more limited blockade , rendering that which was retained more rigorous , as to the ports of France and Italy , and exempting the ports of the north . This explanation of the Orders of 1807 and 1809 , was his answer to the question of his hon . and learned friend : these were the Orders which , as he understood the question , the hon . and learned mover wished to have referred to a Select Committee , for the purpose of ascertaining , as the change of circumstances between 1807 and 1809 had rendered an alteration of