so pernicious a nature , it was difficult to say where the evils would stop which it would bring upon himself and upon the country . There had been a former offer made to the lords Grey and Grenville by the right hon . gentleman , without the intervention of a go-between—this was rejected . These noble lords could not be brought to approve the conduct of ministers , and he could not conceive how any man or set of men could bring themselves to renew an offer which had been treated with so much contempt . This sort of importunity in private life would be considered an insult , and he did not see any reason why it should be tolerated in public life . The right hon . gentleman and his colleagues perhaps thought that lords Grenville and Grey were capable of a dereliction of principle , judging , if the supposition were not uncharitable , from the monitor in their own bosoms ; but if they could have accepted the offer which was made them , there must have been not only a lack of principle , in those noble lords , but a lack of sense . But possibly the right hon . gentleman thought that the brilliant success by which the enter-prizes planned and attempted under his auspices had been attended , had 1005 so dazzled the noble lords , that they would without hesitation forego their principles , and give up their friends for the honour of engaging under his banners in parliamentary warfare . He confessed , however , that he could not discover any thing in the conduct of ministers , since the former offer , which could induce these noble lords to fall in love with them . The expedition to Walcheren could not—to Walcheren , where our army had been left to rot and perish , while the port of Flushing was full of transports . The evacuation of the island had been determined on , because ministers could not determine among themselves , who was to be appointed to the office from which the necessary directions were to issue . Every one of the 11,000 men who had perished there , had in his opinion been as much murdered as if he had been thrown into the sea . As to the conduct pursued with respect to America , he would now abstain from saying any thing , inasmuch as the season for discussing that topic was said not to be arrived ; but still there was no reason to presume that the termination of the pending negociations would exhibit a depth of wisdom sufficient to captivate the noble lords , and make them anxious to enter into a political connexion with the right hon . gentleman . Ministers could not be said to be entitled to much praise for the capture of Java , or that of Ciudad Rodrigo ; the former of these , in particular , had been reduced by measures planned by lord Minto , before any instructions for the expedition had been received from this country . As to Sicily , any thing useful that had been done in that country might be fairly attributed to a noble lord , who had recently quitted office ( marquis Wellesley ) and , as he had occasion to mention that noble lord , he would say , that as he had quitted office because he would not pledge himself to resist the Catholic claims , it followed , as a corollary , that the individual by whom he was replaced , must have so pledged himself ; and this was a circumstance , of which he hoped for an explanation in the course of the debate . But while so much had been done for Sicily , he could not forbear expressing a hope , that the state of Malta , in which a severe system of oppression was carried on without controul , would receive the attention of parliament.—The next place , from their conduct towards the inhabitants of which , he presumed the gentlemen opposite could scarcely expect 1006 to derive credit in the