their own purposes , and push forward in the acquisition of 297 power . In 1141 they were so strong as to hold a council for the purpose of placing the empress Maude on the throne , and Henry 2 , after a long but ineffectual struggle , was compelled to submit to the haughty impositions of Thomas-a-Becket . That king was forced to sign six articles before he could make his peace with the church , by one of which it was conceded , that a layman breaking the peace against an ecclesiastic , should be tried by the bishop ; and by another , that no ecclesiastic should be amenable to the temporal power . The power of the clergy , and of their courts , continued to increase during the military reign of Richard 1 , and in that of king John , had risen to such a pitch , that the king himself was forced to surrender his crown into the hands of a priest , and accept it as a grant from the ecclesiastical power . Thus , for a long series of years , he had traced these Courts , always on the watch for means to increase their authority . Yet even in the worst periods of our history , they never were favourably received by the legislature , or amalgamated with the feelings of the people . They were always remonstrated against , and many endeavours were made to put a restraint upon them . The temporal courts unceasingly opposed their encroachments , and as favourable circumstances occurred , in some small measure curbed their ambition . The most enlightened lawyers saw their ill tendency , and tried to guard against them . Lord Coke was of opinion , that they had encroached on the temporal courts ; and in the reign of Edward I , an act was passed for limiting their powers . Again , in the reigns of Edward 3 , and Richard 2 , it was found necessary to restrain them , and the two famous acts for that purpose were passed into laws : yet they were always gaining strength when wars or intestine broils agitated the country , and left them an opportunity of pressing forward . Thus , in the reign of Henry 4 , they had acquired such potency , that the king and clergy overpowered the parliament . When the first seeds of the Reformation were sown by the Wickliffites and Lollards , it was deemed necessary to pursue some measures to keep within bounds their overgrown power , and many fluctuations ensued . They were sometimes curtailed and sometimes acquired force by different alterations in the state of the kingdom , and as opportunities offered for abridging their authority or fa- 298 vourable to the accomplishment of their views . This was the state of the case in the reigns of Henry 7 , and 8 . During the former , a circumstance occurred which , as lord Bacon stated , led to what happened in the time of Henry 8 . In consequence of a dispute in the ecclesiastical courts and parliament , an act was passed to make the clergy responsible to the temporal courts . On this , the dean of Winchester preached a sermon in the cathedral church of St. Paul , in which he declared , that all those concerned in passing the act were enemies to the church . Not content with this , he published a book on the same subject . These proceedings enraged parliament , and Henry 8 taking part with them , the temporal courts at last prevailed . A few years after , the king recommended an inquiry into the abuses existing in these courts , and this led to the act against the non-residence of the clergy . The divorce of the queen , and other measures connected with the ecclesiastical history of this celebrated reign , were too well known to the House to require a comment . During the earliest progress of the Reformation , commissioners were appointed to draw up a code of ecclesiastical laws for the