, which naturally grew out of past concessions , and which were almost the necessary result of former gifts . From this disposition , he inferred no defect of gratitude or excess of expectation . The sentiment thus displayed by the Roman Catholics was implanted in the human heart , and congenial to the spirit of every free constitution . The noble earl would thus perceive , that lord Wellesley 's opinions on the condition and claims of the Catholics were substantially the same as his lordships ' . He trusted that he should not be accused of a spirit of procrastination or delusion , if he now objected to enter into the committee for the purpose of instantaneously abolishing the restraints under which the Roman Catholics of Ireland laboured . The claim of that body now appears under circumstances of peculiar disfavour ; clad in the terrific armour of right , accompanied by a defiance of the legal authority 446 of the state , by a premeditated outrage upon the law of the land , and by the most insulting and contumelious spirit of intemperate menace . To a claim of such an aspect , parliament can not yield , even with justice to the claimants : it would prove a perilous gift to them , to concede any portion of the dignity and honour of parliament , which , must be sacrificed , if , in the present moment , their lordships should submit to the temper and tone , in which these demands had been urged in Ireland , and to the violence , with which they had been supported in open resistance to legitimate government . The trials of the offenders against the law were still in progress in Ireland ; and the course of justice seemed to have suspended for a season , in that country , the active solicitations of those , who had hitherto conducted the affairs of the Roman Catholics . Even they seemed to have determined , that the present moment was not suited to the discussion of this great question ; and that time must be given for the return of tranquillity , before the voice of petition could again be heard in a tone , duly adapted to the solemnity of the occasion . Why , then , did the noble earl now press their lordships to a decision ? After all the rage and tumult of the contest in Ireland , the storm has paused , and an interval of repose and quiet bas succeeded by common consent , as the necessary preparation of temper for the important deliberation , which now approaches . Let not the noble earl prematurely interrupt this calm ; on the other hand , let not their lordships suffer this vital question to remain dormant , until reviving impatience shall again awaken the tempest of passion . The claims of the Roman Catholics of Ireland demand early consideration ; in every view , for every interest , for every opinion , for every party , the early consideration of the question is indispensibly necessary . That consideration lord Wellesley would meet with every favourable inclination to the Roman Catholic cause , but with a determination to tread the ground of concession with circumspection and caution ; to examine the most favourable mode and time of removing the existing restraints ; to provide the securities which might be requisite for the protection of our sacred establishments in church and state ; and to consider every other beneficial arrange- 447 ment , which could tend to give additional happiness to Ireland , or additional strength to the empire in a settlement of such interest and importance . He would not advise his king , or his prince , to bow the Protestant sceptre of the realm , to any fictitious pretension of right , however arrayed with violence , or enforced by clamour : nor would he lend his hand to close the gates of the constitution against any class of his Majesty 's faithful subjects ; nor would he presume to proclaim a sentence of irrevocable and eternal exclusion against a large portion of