his most hearty assent to the motion of his noble friend . spoke as follows : ; if I had not recollected what passed last year , when the measures of the Irish government were discussed in this House , I should have been surprised that , upon a question , which certainly is brought forward with a view to censure 565 that government , those gentlemen most acquainted with the state of Ireland , those great leaders on the other side , should hare so long remained silent . In truth , Sir , I came down this day expecting that the right hon . and learned gentleman opposite to me , ( Mr. Ponsonby ) or some of his friends , would have risen early in the debate to prefer those charges which it was understood they intended to make against the Irish administration . They have , however , thought proper to pursue another course ; the hon . and learned gentleman who has just sat down has been put forward , and the part he has played in what he has been pleased to call this 'political pantomime ' has completely succeeded . By the direct and general accusation which he has so broadly made against the Irish administration , he has rendered it necessary for me to rise and address the House , before the charges were made by those by whom I expected to be attacked , and to whom I wished to have replied . Knowing , however , that the cause which I have to support is a good one , and that the Irish government has only performed its duty , in acting as it has done , I feel the less regret at the task which has devolved upon me , of proceeding to vindicate their conduct , and my own , under all the disadvantages that I may have to contend with from the mode in which the attack has been conducted . I shall commence the observations which I have to submit to the House by stating , that notwithstanding the guarded manner , in which the noble lord has brought forward his motion , ( a manner , undoubtedly , as creditable to his abilities as to his taste ) , and notwithstanding the backwardness of the hon . gentlemen opposite me , I shall consider the motion as a direct attack upon the conduct of the duke of Richmond . The question naturally divides itself into two distinct parts , viz . the intended censure upon the conduct of the Irish government , and the consideration of the Catholic question . In defending the conduct of the Irish government , I must observe , that , during the whole course of last summer , every possible effort , every factious art was used to mislead the people of Ireland , and of this country , by confounding what was called the Catholic question , with the measures to which the lord lieutenant has been compelled to have recourse in order to maintain the public tranquillity . With the view which the lord lieutenant took of the situation of the 566 state of Ireland , and with the measures which it was necessary to adopt , the question of the Catholic claims had nothing to do . The lord lieutenant thought that his duty consisted in maintaining the laws of the land , in enforcing obedience to those laws ; and in taking care that equal justice was administered to all classes of his Majesty 's subjects whom he was appointed to govern , and I can assure the House , that the lord lieutenant and his advisers found they had quite enough to do in performing those duties , without entering into abstract speculations about altering the constitution . The lord lieutenant and his advisers felt that it was not their duty to enter into the merits of the Catholic question ; they thought it was not proper for them to give any opinion upon that subject . They felt also , that it was their duty to take care that no impediment should be thrown