, more or less . But the divisions of marines which were on shore , and which never amounted to more than 10,000 men out of their whole number , were , undoubtedly sufficiently supplied with staff officers . Every division consisting of 1,000 men had generally a colonel commandant , and four majors ; so that , in this respect , he really never heard a matter of complaint which was less entitled to the consideration of the Housed The service of the artillery , with which that of the marines had been compared , without meaning at all to depreciate the latter , was one of more responsibility , and of a more arduous nature , and which necessarily required a greater number of officers of rank ; the great body of marines being , as he had often stated , under the orders and directions of naval captains.—As to the slowness of promotion on the part of marine officers , he believed , that if the hon . gentleman compared it with what necessarily took place in the promotion of inferior officers in the army and navy , there would appear little or no ground of complaint.—With regard to Greenwich hospital , the marines contributed the same 760 as the seamen to that establishment , and enjoyed from it the same advantages , with this single exception , that the superior officers of that national establishment were generally chosen from the navy ; but this in itself was such a trifle , ( there being only four or five situations of the description alluded to , ) as hardly to deserve the attention of the House—The hon . gentleman had also complained that marines , serving in the East and West Indies , were not entitled to the advantage possessed by soldiers serving in those parts , of having every two years counted for three , in the computation of their pensions . But surely the hon . gentleman must be aware , that the marines remaining generally on board their ships , where they were much less exposed to the dangers of the climate , and which was always , in those latitudes , the most healthy situation in which they could be placed . On board ships their officers were besides entitled to the same allowance as naval officers , and came in for their due proportion of prize money . Upon the whole , he believed that the marine service was one of the most eligible of the various branches of our military establishments ; and he thought the House would agree with him in thinking , that no sufficient ground had been laid for the Address which was now proposed . declared , that he never heard it insinuated that the Marine Corps had any peculiar ground of complaint . said , that might be so ; but still his hon . friend , as an individual , might be convinced they had ground of complaint . If that were so , he hoped he would persevere in his motion , and would not suffer the door to be shot on the present discussion . declared that to any idea which the hon . member might entertain as to prejudices existing in the Admiralty Board , either against the hon . gentleman , or any measure recommended by him , such an idea was wholly unfounded . replied , declaring that he had felt himself impelled by an imperious duty to call the attention of the Admiralty to the degraded military state of the Marine Corps , and to the supercession in rank of the officers of that corps , by which they were not allowed to share in the garrison duty , which , he conceived , was a great slur on the corps . It was no answer to tell him that the officers in this corps did not purchase their commissions . 761 The artillery officers did not purchase their commissions ; and in the army many of the officers did not purchase their commissions . The Artillery service was as 17 to 31 , in comparison with that of