in Elizabeth ; and though they could not expect such distinguished names and high authority on their committee , there was little doubt that they could find many respectable well-informed gentlemen to sit in it . Another hon . member had said , `` Is not the necessity sufficiently known ? '' Perhaps it might : but assertions of necessity made in parliamentary speeches went for nothing . When parliament made a strong law , the report of a Committee of Enquiry into the subject of it , would shew its justification , which never could be done by any member rising in that House , and saying `` I know this , and I know that . '' But the hon . gent . had said , that the time pressed ; if so , he desired to know why such delay had occurred ? Why had not the magistrates applied sooner ? Why had the Secretary of State for the Home Department been asleep all this while ? Time enough had elapsed to propose the measure long before now : the House might have been put into possession of all the facts , and have proceeded in the application of a suitable remedy . He could not avoid viewing the way in 818 which this measure was supported by gentlemen in a , serious light . One proposed it for Nottingham and its immediate vicinity ; another said it should be more comprehensive in its operation and extend to Leicestershire ; a third proposed to make its operation general , which would be , in fact , a material alteration in the whole police of the country , without enquiry into its necessity . He could not apprehend any alarming dangers from the more satisfactory mode of proceeding by the appointment in the first instance , of a committee to report to the House on the facts and circumstances of the case . All the delay that was likely to occur , need not amount to more than three or four days at most ; for he must suppose that there was no want of persons in the metropolis at the present moment , capable of giving to the committee sufficient information . The report of such a committee would be the best and the recorded justification of the Bill when enacted ; and would shew to all the country the reasons and grounds on which parliament had proceeded in increasing the severities of the penal laws . If the mischief was so immediately pressing as it had been stated to be , and the passing of the Bill , without enquiry , indispensable , that brought him back to his former assertion , that great blame must certainly attach somewhere , or they would not be thus forced to the adoption of a severe remedy , in a manner suited neither to the honour nor to the character of parliament . perfectly agreed with the right hon . gentleman who spoke last . He had a knowledge of Nottingham in his capacity of a magistrate , and would say , that if the same activity had been shewn by the county magistrates , as had been evinced by those of the county of the town of Nottingham , there would have been no necessity for this Bill . During the last month not a single outrage had been committed within that district known as the town and county of the town of Nottingham . He hoped in future to see a fuller attendance of members in the House on discussions upon this subject ; that the stigma thrown upon the House by the late Mr. Burke , that there was no better mode of ensuring a thin attendance of members than a proposition to enact new capital punishments , might be wiped away . The riots originated in extreme distress . He did not say this as a justification of them , very far from it ; but as a reason why they 819 ought to consider what other mode of punishment than that proposed might coerce the disturbers . The right hon . Secretary must have