vital principles opposed to his system of government , that right hon . gentleman `` apposed that those parsons to whom that 1240 application was made might have acceded to it , though he ( Mr. W. ) was well convinced , that they would rather do any thing , —that they would sooner die , than sacrifice their duty and their principles , to join and support that right hon . gentleman 's system of administration . rose to move for leave to bring in a Bill to prevent the granting of Offices in Reversion , for a time to be limited . After what had passed in the House on this subject , during the present session , the question could not fail to be in the mind of every member . He should not detain them , therefore , with recapitulating the reasons which induced him to make the , present motion . The Bill which he intended to bring in , should be have liberty to do so , would be exactly the same with the Bill introduced into the House of Lords during the last year , and which had passed that House.—He accordingly moved for leave to bring in a Bill to prevent , for a time to be limited , the grant of Offices in Reversion.—Leave being given , he immediately brought in the Bill , which was read a first time . rose , agreeably to the notice be had given , to call the attention of the House to the subject of the number of Foreigners at present in the employment of this country . He should divide these into three heads : first , Foreigners who held commands not in foreign corps : second , Privates serving in British regiments : and thirdly , Foreigners on the staff of the British army . He should not go the length of saying that ministers acted contrary to law , in having so large a number of foreign troops in the pay and service of this country ; but this he must say , that these corps had been suffered of late years to increase in a very rapid manner . Formerly they amounted only to 5,000 men ; now they amounted to about 30,000 men , and the increase within the last year was about 6,000 . He should not say that this was contrary to law , considering that years had been allowed to pass without any complaint having been regularly brought forward on the sub- 1241 ject ; but this he thought he might with safety say , that it was still a subject well worthy the attention of the House . The acts by which his Majesty was enabled to avail himself of the services of foreign troops , and particularly of foreign officers , were the acts of the 36th , and of the 39th and 40th of the King . If these acts were necessary to authorise his Majesty to receive foreigners into the pay of the country , it was clear that till then he had no such right . A Bill had formerly been introduced to indemnify ministers for bringing 16,000 foreign soldiers into this country ; and if circumstances should occur to render it expedient to withdraw those foreign troops now in our service , from the place where they were now , ( he confessed , meritoriously engaged , ) it might become necessary to bring in another Bill to indemnify ministers for bringing into this country 30,000 foreign soldiers . He was not pleased that it should ever have been thought desirable to introduce into this country 16,000 foreign troops , and it was not , therefore , to be expected that he could be indifferent to the possibility of that number being increased to 30,000 . These corps contained cavalry , infantry , and artillery . They had a staff of their own , and were in themselves a complete army . The act of the 36th of the King , did not go to justify the employing of foreign officers , except as officers of foreign corps ; and