This he suggested , not to favour the individual , but for the sake of the general principle . He thought they must feel , that whatever might be the sentiments of that House , with respect to the offence of Mr. Walsh , whatever reason they might have to think that be would not attend , or that , attending , his defence could not be satisfactory , still it was their duty to guard themselves and posterity against a member 's being called upon to attend when unable to do so , and condemned in his absence without a proper opportunity being afforded to him of meeting the charge to be preferred against him . Under all the circumstances of the case , it might probably be best to move the adjournment of the subject over the time which had been mentioned , as that within which it was probable Mr. Walsh would be able to attend in his place . He did not intend making a motion to that effect ; but the hon . gentleman had wished to hear the sentiments of some one on the subject , and he had therefore thought proper to offer his . , adopting the suggestion of the right hon . gentleman ; then moved to adjourn the consideration of the case of Mr. Walsh to Tuesday fortnight . concurred with the right hon . gentleman in what he bad advanced with respect to the necessity of giving the person against whom a charge was to be made , a proper opportunity of meeting it . made some observations on the conduct of an hon . member , whose case had been before the House last session ( Mr. Mansell Phillips ) , and against whom proceedings were stopped , inconsequence of some arrangements having been 1092 made , the conditions of which he ( Sir F. ) understood the hon . member had not fulfilled . said , that when he saw the hon . member alluded to on the subject , he had promised to appear and to plead , which was all that the Petition desired . He had appeared , and had pleaded , and having done so , he ( Mr. L. ) had not thought it his business to look to the conduct of that hon . gentleman any farther . rose and said : Sir , I now rise to bring under the consideration of the House the state of the commerce and manufactures of the country , and in contemplating the extent and diversified nature of this vast and complicated subject with the great variety of detail to which it naturally leads , I am tempted to believe that if I had anticipated an inquiry so various and extensive , I should have paused before I undertook so laborious a task . But as I shall have ample occasion for all the indulgence of the House in the course of the exposition which I am about to submit to them , I shall preface it no farther than to say , that the object of my motion is to induce it to go into an inquiry on the state of the 1093 trade and commerce of the country under the operation of the Orders in Council . I know , Sir , that I have to address myself to various descriptions of persons , all agreeing as to the fact of the distress which pervades the country , and all acknowledging that the voice of the country is raised in consequence of that distress—all coinciding in opinion , therefore , I hope , that it is not an idle question or useless investigation , to attempt to discover whether the sentiments uttered by this voice , have or have not a just foundation . Some there are , however , who now hear me , who differ with respect to the origin and extent of the calamity , and as conscientious men will always differ upon important questions , are anxious to see those opinions , which they still entertain , defended and established . Many , who looked much to the