administration on this subject , and expressed a hope that if any noble lord thought that these measures needed defence , he would call on some noble lord on the other side of the House for such a defence . His lordship then expatiated on the flourishing 1067 state of the exports and imports . He contended , that in a commercial point of view it would be most injurious to repeal the Orders in Council , under which he maintained that the trade of the country had risen more than one fourth above what it was in that year when the great financial ministers opposite were complimented on the extent of our commerce . Notwithstanding all that had been said about petitions against the Orders in Council , he had never been able to see one of them , although he had taken a great deal of trouble upon the subject . As to the petition from Hull , it stated distress generally ; it was not a petition against the Orders in Council , but against those measures which were adopted as a relaxation of those Orders . It appeared to him that the repeal of those Orders would be the destruction instead of the salvation of our commerce . Independent of commercial considerations , he thought that they ought to be maintained on the ground of our national rights , and our national honour . explained , that those who supported the motion objected both to the Orders in Council and the mode in which they were relaxed ; so that whether the Petition from Hull was against the Orders or their effects , was of no consequence . in explanation insisted that it was very material . observed , that the noble earl ( Bathurst ) had begun in a manner peculiarly hard towards his noble friend the mover of the present question , for His not being able to state the precise Order in Council which he wished to have withdrawn . The nature of the Orders in Council was certainly a subject of no small embarrassment , and nothing could be a stronger argument against their continuance than that such men as his noble friend could not accurately discover their tendency . But really such was the uncertainty with respect to them , that the most experienced traders knew not how to conduct their trade . Whether they were to attend to a notification , to Orders in Council , or to instructions to this or that officer , became a matter of infinite perplexity to them , and of very serious study . The continual changes , however , to which they were subject , gave the merchants of London , who were on the spot from which they issued , a great advantage over the merchants of the outports . The noble earl asked which of the Orders he wished to sec repealed . He would tell the noble 1068 earl , which of the Orders he wished not to see repealed—it was the Order in Council of the 7th January , 1807 . The noble earl appeared to consider the Order of January , 1807 , as the only subject of complaint , as if the Orders in Council of 1 809 were only founded on the same principle , and were part of the same system . The noble lords seemed to think they had a triumph in this sort of argument ; for , as the Order of the 7th of January , 1807 , originated with his noble friend ( lord Grenville , ) and those who sat near him , they supposed that they were bound at all times and under all circumstances , to adhere to them . But what right had the noble lords to maintain that opinion ? Were they , who were changing their own Orders in Council every month , justified in presuming that his noble friend would not have abandoned or changed his Order in Council of the 7th January , 1807 , if he had seen any evil resulting from the continuance of it ? From his knowledge of his