direct to any insinuations to the contrary . There was nothing in his royal highness 's past conduct that could lead him to a suspicion that if he was clothed with full powers he would abuse those powers . What was the return which his royal highness had met with ? By this new 336 Bill he was to be treated as a person not fit to be trusted—as if he had not atoned for any supposed or imaginary errors by the rectitude of his conduct , and consequently had not wiped off that dark distrust which had dictated the measure 12 months since . ( Hear , hear , from the ministerial benches , accompanied with a smile ! ) The right hon . gentlemen seemed amused with these opinions , but he did not see much of comicality in them , and he would endeavour to convince the right hon . gentlemen so . In considering the act , he must make two assumptions . In the first place , that it would in substance place his royal highness on the throne permanently , ( in the event that what all desired did not fortunately happen ) and that it would make such arrangements that his Majesty might , if happily he could , resume the royal authority . Secondly , that his royal highness ceased to be prince of Wales on that assumption , and of course whatever was vested in him as prince of Wales , was at an end also ; that was to say , the executive government would be entirely in him . But the principles which he had assumed would be violated by this Bill ; for last year the country only recognized one Court.—Parliament were now called upon to establish two courts . With respect to the establishments of these courts , many gentlemen who had not heard the speech of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer in detailing the plan , would be totally in the dark . It was proposed to vote 70,000l . per annum in addition , and to make his royal highness a present of 100,000l . Now when he asked for explanation on this subject , how was he answered ? Why , the right hon . gentleman , as he understood the plan , had stated it to be this : His Majesty had a civil list revenue of 950,000l . ( putting out of the question the revenues arising from the duchies of Cornawll and Lancaster ) ; out of that list he paid 60,000l . to the prince of Wales ; he therefore had at his disposal an available income of about 900,000l . Of that sum it was proposed to take 170,000l . namely , 100,000l . for his Majesty 's household , 60,000l . for his privy purse , and 10,000l . for her Majesty 's additional expenditure . This gross sum of 170,000l . deducted from the 900,000l . would leave a clear income of 730,000l . This was ope side of the question . On the other it was proposed to add the sum of 70,000l . which would bring it to 800,000l . to which must be 337 added also , 50,000l . to be given to his ' royal highness as prince of Wales , making in the whole 850,000l . leaving the civil list revenue in the hands of his royal highness , 50,000l . less than what his royal father enjoyed . Now , whether the sum so proposed to be given was more or less than enough to maintain the dignity of the sovereign , he was not at present prepared to say , and therefore it was necessary the House should be informed . It had been stated , too , by the right honourable gentleman that his Royal Highness would defray the expence of the Windsor establishment when there , out of the revenue thus appropriated for this purpose ; but with respect to Carlton House , there was no precise information given : and he had only to observe , that the prospect held out to the