. But there was no argument in the observations of the noble earl on this head , nor could any thing be more void of foundation , than his attempt to shew that the Convention act did not apply to the case of the Catholic Committee ? The meaning of the word 'pretence ' was clear from our own act of Charles , and bore that interpretation in law which the law officers of the crown had given it on the present occasion . In ex- 475 patiating on the treatment which the Catholics had received from government , he would say , that though there were many instances on record where petitions were ordered to be rejected , yet never once was such a step adopted towards them . Besides , there were a thousand circumstances in the situation of this country which should have prevented them from pressing their rights at the present juncture . If he were one of the greatest friends of the measure , improperly termed Catholic Emancipation , he would still object to their violation of the law . He would oppose the Committee on the grounds upon which it was moved by the noble lord , without arraigning or even seeing the means by which they were to carry the measure into effect . Some persons were for an unconditional repeal of all the disabilities ; others again , were for a conditional one ; and of this latter class he thought the noble lords appeared to be . A late right hon . and much lamented friend of his ( Mr. Pitt ) , with all his anxiety for the measure , and anxious he knew him to be , had determined that he never would propose it , until , at the same time , he could propose the securities which would be necessary . If they intended to proceed surely , they would not go into a Committee ; the object was to conciliate the Catholics by the adoption of other securities than those which existed at present , but how could he tell that such an exchange of securities would meet the wishes of the Catholics ? He would therefore call upon their lordships to resist the motion . Upon the question itself his sentiments were well known , and he should be ready to repeat them when it was brought properly before them . Until the securities could be proposed , he did not approve of exciting the expectations and passions of the people of Ireland . did not rise to speak until after 5 o'clock in the morning ; at which hour it was not his intention to trouble their lordships with many words . He began by stating that the moderation and humility of the speech of the noble earl who spoke last , formed a decided contrast with that strong spirit of bigotry and intolerance which distinguished his entrance into office , when the worst passions of the people were excited , and the nation disgraced by the scandalous `` No Popery '' cry excited by himself and his colleagues ; his moderation would then have done him credit , but the Catholics , he believed , entertained 476 a very just sense of the noble earl 's kindness . During the entire of his administration , he did not think they had received one act of kindness . His lordship accused ministers of the deepest malignity and rancour towards that body . He entered into an explanation of the terms of the Convention act , and contended that the word `` pretence '' could not be synonymous with `` purpose , '' and appeal ed to the noble lord on the woolsack , who in a Bill of his had introduced both words . The Bill was of the same import , and was introduced by his lordship in 1796 . He concurred with his noble friend ( earl Grey ) in stating , that he had never regarded the Veto as a sine qua non . He had expressly said in his Letter , that it was an arrangement to which he attached