, without knowing what the nature of the offence was that it was intended to punish . wished to ask the hon . gentleman whether it was his intention to proceed on the subject that evening ? If so , he begged to submit to his consideration that the papers which constituted the greater part of the case , were but that moment delivering to the members , and that there was still another piece of evidence to be produced , namely , the Letter from 983 Mr. Walsh to his brother , charging himself with the guilt of the recent transaction . There was another circumstance which he hoped would induce the hon . gentleman not to press the consideration of the subject at that moment , and that was , that there were several hon . members who to his knowledge were desirous of expressing their sentiments upon it , but who were absent from the House under the idea that as on Thursdays motions preceded orders , the motion of an hon . baronet would in the first instance have been gone into . replied , that he came fully prepared to bring under the consideration of the House the question of Mr. Walsh 's conduct ; and that unless very grave and substantial reasons indeed were adduced , he was persuaded that this was one of the matters which the House could feel no disposition to postpone . Although the printed copies of the papers had , as the hon . gentleman had said , been delivered but that day , that appeared to him of little consequence . There was only one line in those papers on which he should rest the motion , that he felt it his duty to submit to the House , and that was , that Mr. Walsh had been found guilty of the felony laid in his indictment . With respect to Mr. Walsh 's letter to his brother , it would be produced at the bar of the House by Mr. Jenkyns the solicitor , and would be read distinctly and audibly by the clerk at the table . This in his opinion , would afford the House an ample opportunity of judging of its tendency . The thing would speak for itself in the most unequivocal terms ; and the latter would exhibit a complete avowal of a guilty mind and a guilty act . If , after having heard this letter , the House should think further delay necessary , however unwillingly , he must bow to their opinion . There was one argument of the hon . gentleman 's , which he could by no means allow . He could not admit that under such circumstances the absence of any hon . members afforded a just ground for postponing the consideration of the subject . The hour was by no means unusually early , and it ought to be known to every member of parliament , that matters of privilege took precedence of all other questions . He put it to the House whether or not they wished that the business should proceed ? ( A general cry of , Go on , go on ! ) thought that there could not be a more grave and solemn reason as- 984 signed for delay , than that hon . members were not in full possession of the evidence on the subject . The question was one of a novel nature , and would therefore establish a precedent . It was not therefore consistent with a due regard to the privileges of the House to proceed so suddenly and hastily in the determination of it . said , there could be but one opinion as to the gravity , weight , and solemnity of this question , on which it was not possible for him to anticipate what would be the judgment of the House . He had looked a good deal into the case , and possessed himself as much as he could of its nature and bearings , and he must say , that when gentlemen who had not yet entered upon its consideration