not to follow any cry which might be raised in the country . It was for the good of the country , that a due proportion of reward should be held out for the duties which might be discharged towards it . He would ask the hon . mover of the Amendment , whether the scheme of reward in the Resolutions was not too narrow ? It was limited to high and eminent offices ; and this was certainly too narrow . It was to be remembered that parsimony was not economy , —no money was so badly employed as that which prevented money from being employed beneficially . [ Laugh on the Opposition side . ] Did the gentlemen opposite think that they were entitled to ridicule this proposition , because they held themselves out as great patriots and great apostles ? He was as honest in his intention as they were themselves , although he sat on a different side of the House . He declared he hardly saw one person over against him to whom he could not give a hint of something . Nothing could be more contemptible than that nonsensical attempt at ridicule which gentlemen opposite resorted to . ( Laugh . ) Let them not imagine that he would be put down . He would now take the liberty to proceed in the argument , from that part of it where he was interrupted . Considering it on the general principle , he thought nothing was more clear , than that a faithful servant of the prince who had long discharged important duties merited reward , and there could be as little difficulty in conceding the opposite conclusion , that those who would attempt to thrust themselves into the situation of servants to a prince , merely for the sake of the remuneration to be obtained , and who would perhaps , the moment they were secure , barter his most important interests , deserved only degradation and contempt . He acknowledged , that upon this subject , he was not as well instructed as he ought to be ; but he was perfectly competent to form this opinion , that the servants of a prince ought to be upright and sagacious men , and that if they were , they had a claim upon the country for eminent reward . They had a far better right to the appellation of patriots than those who , augmenting the popular clamour by invectives against government , covered their despicable designs by a title to which they 917 had no pretensions . He insisted that the honourable mover of the amendment had gone much farther than the Resolution he had quoted would support him in , nor indeed could be for once concur in the idea , that the mere Reports of committees were to be deemed as binding legislative enactments . He felt himself incompetent to do justice to the cause be espoused , but he could not resist this opportunity of shewing , as far as his feeble powers would permit him , how little deserving of attention were the specious arguments urged by the supporters of the amendment . was firmly convinced , that it was not less the duty of faithful ministers to support the just prerogatives of the crown , than to maintain the acknowledged rights of the subject . He would rather that the general question of the abolition of sinecures had been debated , than that this insulated instance had been selected for discussion ; but at the same time he admitted that it ought not to have been passed over in silence , since it had more than once received parliamentary animadversion . He could not , however , agree , that in this instance the conduct of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer was culpable . He had two duties to discharge , the first to the country , and the second to the crown . If he had neglected to appoint a successor to the office of Paymaster of Widows ' Pensions , it might justly have been considered a compromise of the