matter of exultation by the common enemy , —it was right that the government should adopt more efficient measures than had been hitherto resorted to . He regretted the mode of opposition which had been pursued against the Bill ; and was particularly sorry for what had fallen from the hon . and learned gentleman who spoke last . As to any `` reproach on the executive for not being sufficiently active , he had merely to appeal to the testimony borne to their exertions by the hon . gentleman , the member for Nottingham . The real question was , not whether the existing law was adequate or not to the putting down of the disturbances , but whether the terror inspired by a heavier punishment would not more effectually answer 834 that purpose . The measure proposed was founded on that principle of all criminal law , pæna ad paucos , metus ad omnes perveniat . ' The threat or terror would have the effect of deterring the many , and the punishment would fall only on , the few . It was a measure brought forward with a view not to punish , but to prevent the crime to which it referred ; it had not for its object , as was supposed , the shedding of human blood , but to render the commission of this sort of offences less frequent . With respect to the preamble of the Bill , it certainly did not comprize the whole of the grounds for the adoption of the measure , nor did the Bill itself , as the hon . and learned gentleman imagined , provide merely for the punishment of idle or mischievous apprentices ; it was intended to put a stop to the outrages . But if there were any objectionable passages in it , those passages might be obviated in the committee . The peace of the country would be cheaply purchased by the forfeiture of a few lives , in order to deter future outrages on the property of individuals , and the tranquillity of the state . said , that the right hon . gentleman who spoke last had set out with a total misconception ; for the question was not , as he had stated , whether the existing law was a sufficient remedy for the evil , but , whether the proposed new law was likely to be efficient ? This he contended was not the case ; for it signified little what punishment wag enacted , if persons could not be found to give information against the offenders . The use of a committee would have been , that an inquiry might have been made into the alleged insufficiency of the existing law—into the fact of any conviction having taken place under it—into the necessity for a severer law—or into the causes why evidence had been held back . Measures might have been devised for the suppression or prevention of those outrages , rewards might have been offered , or severer enactments proposed against persons who deterred witnesses from coming forward ; instead of which , the authors of this measure came forward , for fear it should be doubted that the executive had done something , without any assurance that they had reached the root of the evil—which was the only means of preventing or remedying it . On the night when this Bill was introduced , the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exche- 835 quer had asserted , that it had not been brought forward earlier , in the hope that the former statute of the 28th of the King , would be found effectual , without any new enactment , and that finding themselves disappointed , government had suggested , unwillingly , this measure . In this statement the right hon . gentleman was contradicted by the fact , since tranquillity had been restored , according to his own confession , several days before this Bill had been brought into the House . said , that if the Bill , from its provisions or its object , appeared to him simply to extend the act