inquiries with subjects not immediately connected with them . When the Committee was sitting , if it were thought desirable that they should take into consideration any other subject , instructions to that effect might be given them ; but he deprecated any proceeding in the first instance which would impede them in their present endeavours to provide a practical remedy for the existing evil . observed , that the objection of his hon . friend to the motion of the right hon . gent . was , that it was too narrow in its limits . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had been more distinct on the subject than the right hon . mover . He had said , that the object waste provide a practical remedy for a practical evil . Now in order to see which argument was the more correct , that which asserted that the proposed object of the Committee was sufficient , or that which asserted that it was not sufficient , let the House but consider the nature of the evil which was intended to be removed . He perfectly agreed with the right hon . gent . that however the general feeling might be harrowed by the late horrible murders which had been perpetrated , yet that those murders were not the grounds on which the appointment of a committee ought to rest ; but that those grounds must be founded in the general increase of crimes which the law and the police were found incompetent to check . How ; be would ask , could the appointment of a Committee to consider merely the state of 209 the nightly watch be deemed likely to afford a practical remedy for this practical evil ? This was a point which the right hon . gent . had in no way explained . The natural argument was , that those who felt that they were insecure , looked to government for protection . They looked to the police ; and he contended that nothing had been advanced to prove that the state of the , police ought to be excluded from the consideration of the Committee , and that that consideration should be limited to the state of the nightly watch alone . The propriety of extending the consideration of the Committee to the state of the police was obvious . It was evident from the growth of crimes that the police was inadequate to its object . It was most desirable , therefore , that the Committee should be empowered to enquire of the police the nature of their inadequacy ; and to learn the causes to which they impaled the increase of offences . For his part he believed that the causes stated by his hon . and learned friend near him , bad tended materially to increase the number of recent offences . One fact he knew , that in consequence of a visit to the hulks , a number of representations had been made to him by persons confined there , which went to show that other prisoners , who had been confined for crimes of a much more aggravated nature than those of which the individuals from whom the representations proceeded had been guilty , had been liberated in great numbers . He certainly did not state this as a fact in which he entirely believed , but the matter had been communicated to him in such various shapes , that he confessed himself curious to know from the right hon . Secretary of State how it actually stood . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had deprecated clogging the Committee with what he chose to term theoretical considerations . If the motion , however , was amended in such a way as to extend , the enquiry of the Committee to the state of the Police , he could not see how that would clog them ; because they might , in the first place , take into consideration the state of the nightly watch , and report to the House the facts , and their opinion thereon , and then