part . The next advantage held out , is `` conciliation and satisfaction . '' That concession will conciliate and satisfy the Catholics is at least contrary to past experience ; the fact being , that while restriction was most severe , the Catholics were most , quiet ; and , ever since concessions have begun , they have been most dissatisfied ; and their demands have progressively increased . The fact only is stated . That some inconvenience may have attended the taking off restrictions , furnishes no sufficient reason against the propriety of that measure—far otherwise—stil less , would it justify the reenacting of those restrictions . But when conciliation and satisfaction are held out as advantages which would follow from concession , past experience renders it probable that the expectation of those consequences may be disappointed . Suppose that all the demands now made were conceded ; would the measure stop here ? would the Catholics be satisfied ? —That is hardly possible ; for other measures , some of smaller , some of greater importance , must follow ; because they would stand upon the same principle—such as the repeal of all restrictions upon the English Catholics—the repeal of the corporation and test acts—the non-payment of tithes by the Irish Catholics to the Protestant establishment—a Catholic establishment in Ireland . After these , would the Protestant Church of Ireland be quite secure ? —would the estates held by Protestants remain unassailed ? —and are we quite sure that an attempt at Catholic ascendency would not be made even in this country ? —Great privileges have been already granted to the Catholics ; 511 not only the free and secure exercise of their religion , and equal protection to their persons and property ; but a considerable share of political power has been conceded to them by the elective franchise . The elective franchise has given them an extensive influence over the Protestants themselves ; —it has made the voice of the Catholics to be heard pretty distinctly in the legislature . There is no danger of their interests being overlooked and neglected . But it is said that , `` the concession must be made ; it is demanded by four millions of subjects . In this demand they are determined to persevere year after year , till they obtain it from parliament ; '' nay , even menaces are insinuated— '' insurrection and rebellion—the dissolution of the Union—and a total separation between tile two countries . '' The firmness of the legislature in the discharge of its duty to the nation is not to be alarmed by such considerations . Menaces injure rather than assist the cause they are meant to promote . They will not extort concessions . Extorted concessions never yet produced conciliation ; they only serve to degrade those from whom they are extorted . The very attitude of intimidation assumed by the Catholics in Ireland seems of itself a strong objection to the making of any concession at this time . The Catholic body , it is true , are numerous , brave , high-spirited , firm , and attached to their religion ; but their Protestant fellow subjects , also , are not deficient in these qualities , and in numbers are four to one . The legislature will not be readily prevailed upon to give up the Protestant ascendency . The kindness of the Protestants to their Catholic fellow subjects has no other boundary than what is necessary to the security of their own constitutional establishments in church and state ; but they must have security . The very numbers of the Catholics increase the danger of admitting them to a full share of power . If they were few ; the boon might be granted with greater safety . But their numbers , though in some respects strengthening their claims , yet also fortifies the ground of refusal , and that on the main point , —namely , security . What then , is the security ? Of special arrangements for domestic tranquillity , and barriers against foreign influence , we hear nothing—the only security is one which