unprecedented outrages . He certainly did not mean to contend , that because an evil had long existed , it ought not to be corrected , but it was impossible to ascribe the recent increase of offences either to the rewards granted for the detection of great offenders , or to the familiarity which existed between the offenders and the police officers ; because both 207 these circumstances , so far from being new , were of very ancient date indeed . Bat when the hon . gentleman proceeded to say that the officers were reprehensible in not apprehending those individuals of a suspicious character , with whose persons they were acquainted , it behaved the House to consider how far any extension of the operation of the police would be expedient , and bow far it would be advisable that they should take up persons not for the crimes which they had committed , but only on suspicion of the crimes which they might possibly commit . The imprisonment of such persons could be but short , and was little calculated to be beneficial to themselves , or to the community . If the villain ( Williams ) who had lately disappointed the just vengeance of the nation , by violently withdrawing himself from the punishment which awaited him , had , previously to the commission of his crime , been apprehended on suspicion , the period of his imprisonment could have been but short , and the place of it calculated , according to the hon . gentleman 's own statement , to nurture every description of criminal feeling . The particular outrage which had excited such feelings of horror and detestation in the metropolis , and the perpetrators of which , the hon . gentleman said , had escaped detection , was still wrapped up in mystery . It undoubtedly seemed strange , that a single individual could commit such accumulated violence . The probability was , that he was incapable of doing so ; but on this subject no certain opinion could yet be formed . If this outrage was actually committed by the individual to whom he had before alluded , it was untrue to say that the culprit had not been found ; but certainly he must repeat , that it seemed strange to him , that such devastation could be occasioned by a single individual . At the same time , as far as he had been able to trace the circumstances of the ease , it appeared to be yet uncertain whether or not others were concerned in this horrible atrocity . But as the hon . gentleman bad himself said , no stale of nightly watch , however excellent , could have prevented such a crime . Indeed he hardly knew in what system of police a prevention could-have been found . If such , enormous guilt lurked in a human breast , no system of government could hinder it from endeavouring to effect its object . It might be close to us ; it might be in our houses . 208 The only security against such crimes was the manner in which the general sentiment of mankind hunted down the individuals by whom they were perpetrated . In his opinion , the general increase of trials at the Old Bailey was a much greater ground for the motion of his right hon . friend , than the two horrid murders which had been committed ; for such events as the last were not the more likely to occur again because they had occurred within the last three months . It appeared to him , that what had been said by his hon . and learned friend , and by the hon . gentleman , was not in opposition to the motion of his right hon . friend . As far as that motion went , he apprehended it was agreed to by every one . It was required by the present state of the metropolis , and he trusted that those who thought that the inquiries of the Committee might be beneficial , would be cautious how they clogged those