against the whole Catholic body ? The right hon . Secretary was bound to show in that House , if he had any evidence to prove , that this was the operation of their meetings and actings : he had hitherto proved nothing but intentions towards those men . But he ( Mr. Ponsonby ) had a stronger reason for entertaining this opinion , and that was founded on what passed upon the trial , where one of the witnesses who had been a person in the confidence and employment of those very persons , and had been in all their secrets , was afterwards brought forward by government as a wit-ness against them , and even he could not attribute to them any thing like bad intentions . The right hon . Secretary had said , that government could not exist if such assemblies were suffered to meet . If they really were about to meet for an unlawful purpose , he agreed with the right hon . Secretary that they ought to be prevented ; but if their object in meeting was to petition , what danger could possibly result from it ? The right hon . gentleman had said , that there might have been danger . If this was all , then were he and the government too provident in the hasty steps they had taken , and for which they were not justified on any principles of sound policy . The right hon . Secretary had said , that it was impossible these persons could have met merely for the purpose of petitioning ; and this seemed to have had considerable influence on many of his friends and on the House.—Now , he , on the contrary , declared he was convinced that they did meet for that purpose , and for that purpose only : and he was also convinced that never was any meeting held in which there were stronger feelings of gratitude and good-will to those whom they meant to address.—He appealed to the recollection of the Chair , whether on all occasions some objection or another was not found against these petitions of the 658 Catholics : at one time the nobility , at another time the clergy , and on a third occasion , the commonalty were not serious in the application . The petitions were declared to be the growth of a faction , and did not come as the genuine prayer of the whole people . But now , when persons from all and each of those classes had assembled , then they were declared an unlawful meeting . He never knew a set of men so hardly dealt with ; it being impossible for them to do any thing to please those whom they were anxious to propitiate.—The right hon . gentleman proceeded to take a view of the law of the case , which he still conceived to be different from that laid down by the judges of the King's-bench of Ireland . He presumed to think there was nothing unbecoming in supposing those judges fallible . How else could a counsel ever advise his client to proceed by writ of error ? It had been said , however , that this was not a proper time , or rather , that it was a most unpropitious time for the Catholic claims . Then was he deeply responsible , for he had recommended to them that notice to the effect now moved for should be given on the very first day of the session ; and this was the ground on which he wished it to be given , because he was resolved not to temporise . `` I will not , '' said the right hon . gentleman , `` make my countrymen a footstool for my ambition . I will not mount into office upon their discontents ; nor would I , if in . power , turn my back upon their claims . I would not make speeches that would pledge me to conditions incompatible with my being a member of any administration , and hold out hopes to the Catholics , of