exclaim , Oh ! wonderful ignorance of human nature ! —Can it be supposed that men , exasperated by disappointment , furious from oppression and intemperate from necessity , will content themselves with the whining accents of petitioning ? I fear not . I fear they will adopt a far different language ; and lest therefore they should be driven to the extremity which I dread , I trust that parliament will gratuitously concede their claims . '' totally disclaimed the version which the hon . gentleman had been pleased to give of his speech . considered that it would have amounted to a criminal violation of the trust reposed in the government if they had neglected to take measures for preventing the meetings , and to enforce the provisions of the Convention act . The right hon . Secretary briefly recapitulated the statement made by the right ' hon . Secretary for Ireland with respect to the measures pursued on that occasion . Did the hon . gentlemen opposite mean to contend that government ought to have waited until the object of the meeting was complete , before they decided on putting the statute in force ? The construction which had been put on the act was the legal one . The claims of the Catholics were not recognized by the country at large : there was a general and prevalent disposition against them , which had increased in consequence of their late proceedings , and he was not prepared to admit that mischief would not arise from these frequent discussions . said that upon a subject of this nature , involving in it matter of such importance , and more especially questions of law , he trusted he might be allowed to trouble the House with a few words . With respect to the Convention act , he must say , that if it was not the intention of the legislature in passing that act to provide against such meeting '' as the Catholics were lately holding in 655 Ireland , he felt himself wholly at a loss to say what their intentions could possibly have been . He complained of the indiscreet and light manner in which a solemn decision of a court of law in Ireland had been treated in that House and elsewhere . He agreed with his hon . and learned friend , in thinking that where a judge of the land had misconducted himself in the discharge of his sacred trust , it was for that House to interpose and address the crown to remove him from the judgment seat he had prostituted ; but he could not agree with him in thinking that because any member of that House thought the solemn decision of a law court a wrong decision , he ought to look for redress by complaining to that House . Whenever such a wrong occurred , and there was no wrong without its remedy , the law and the constitution had placed the remedy in another place , and to that dernier court and no other should the complainant resort for redress . He contended that the judgment of a court of law , as such , was not impeachable in that House , and if it was not , he thought his hon . and learned friends , who had so impeached it , had travelled not a little out of the record . But this had not been a mere impeachment of the judgment of the court . Personal reflections upon the conduct of the chief justice of the King 's bench had been introduced , and he must say , not in the most prudent , he had almost said , not in the most decent manner . It was monstrous to suppose that a person filling that high station , could be brought to be a mere tool in the hands of any government , in any mean job or contrivance against the rights or liberties of the subject . It was a thing that could not be presumed , it ought not to be believed , but on the most unquestionable evidence ; and