ordered to leave Constantinople , and it being supposed that the court of London would adopt the same conduct as that of Petersburgh , the influence of France became predominant . He had before this time requested that an additional squadron should be sent to Constantinople . Lord Grey concurred in that opinion , and he received dispatches from his lordship informing him that orders had been given for a squadron immediately to proceed to that capital . As soon as he received those dispatches , he demanded an audience of the Turkish ministers , and at that audience requested that the treaty with Russia should be observed , and he added , that if his propositions were not complied with , Great Britain would declare war against the Porte . His propositions were refused . He then applied for passports to send messengers to England and the Dardanelles , where he expected the English admiral was arrived , but these were also refused . He had been instructed that admiral Duckworth would be ordered to correspond with him before he proceeded to hostilities ; but he found that communication with the admiral would not be possible without the passports . It was also recently intimated to him , that there was an intention of preventing the British admiral from acting , by keeping the British factory and himself ( Mr . A . ) as hostages . He therefore thought it necessary to put the British factory in a state of safety . He knew that the admiral would be called upon to act , and that in consequence of a want of communication with him he would not know how to proceed . As he found that he could not negociate with freedom ; as the means of corresponding with his government or with the British admiral were denied ; and as secret intimation had been given that he and the other British subjects were to be 732 detained as hostages , it was of the utmost importance that the factory should be removed . He could not think , however , of leaving Constantinople until every British subject had been placed in safety . Secrecy alone could insure the success of his arrangements . He desired therefore , that the whole of the factory should be invited to dine on board the British frigate , and when he had received information that every individual was on board , then , and not till then , he embarked himself . He afterwards proceeded to the Dardanelles , and there waited till admiral Duckworth had arrived . Contrary winds detained the squadron for a considerable time below the Dardanelles , and in the meanwhile the Turks were actively at work in fortifying that passage . While he and the admiral were waiting for a fair wind , an opportunity offered for renewing the negociation with the captain Pacha who was stationed at the Dardanelles . He went on shore to confer with that officer , and as in so doing he had placed himself in the hands of the Turks , he had given a proof , he trusted , that in retiring from his post , personal safety had not been his object , but that all which he had had in view was to secure the safety of the British subjects , and to obtain the means of negociating with freedom . ( A general cry of hear , hear ! ) So great had been his desire to preserve peace , that he had offered , if the works at the Dardanelles were discontinued , to accompany the captain Pacha in a Turkish row boat to Constantinople , and from thence to proceed to the Russian general in Moldavia with a view to negociate for the renewal of the amicable relations , which had so unfortunately been interrupted . The captain Pacha declared that he did not venture to suspend the fortification of the Dardanelles . Admiral Duckworth and himself felt therefore that the passage must be forced . The history of that passage was already known to the House . When they reached the sea