upon the principle of retaliation.—It never could , be was sure , be contended , in any assembly of rational men , that retaliation should be excluded from the law of nations . There was , in fact , no other means of enforcing obedience to the ; law of nations , but by-means of retaliation . If a great and powerful nation , like France , would set all laws 1153 at defiance , would break down every system that had hitherto been regarded as sacred , and would carry on the war uncontrouled by any principle of the law of nations , how was she to be resisted but by a recurrence to measures of retaliation ? The law of nations would otherwise prove a trap and a snare to those who were disposed to obey them , and a sword and a shield to those who were determined to violate them . It was , therefore , most absurd to contend that we bad no right to have recourse to retaliation ; and yet it was upon that principle that it was argued that we had acted unjustly to America . But then it was said , that if we did retaliate , we must do it in mode and form , as the enemy had injured us . A more extravagant proposition it was difficult to conceive . What ! if the enemy chose to violate the law of nations on a point where she had nothing to lose , and we had every thing , could it seriously be argued that we were bound to retaliate , not where we could make her feel , but where we could do her no possible injury ? When a country violated the law of nations , not in trifles , but boldly and systematically violated the law of nations , she lost the protection , because she had thrown off the obligation of that law . This was the principle upon which the whole of our proceedings had been founded . He was , he confessed , a little surprised at what had fallen from his right hon . friend respecting the mode in which he conceived the blockade was to be enforced . What was the occasion that led to the Orders in Council ? France bad declared that Great Britain should not have any trade with any nation upon earth ; the British government , in return , said , `` You ( France ) shall have no trade but with us . '' The object of government was to protect and to force the trade of this country , which had been assailed in such an unprecedented manner by the French Decrees . If the Orders in Council had not been issued , France would have a free colonial trade by means of neutrals , and we should have been shut out of the continent . If we had attempted to destroy all trade , both our own and that of France , France would have been the gainer , be-cause she had less to lose , and she depended less upon her commercial exertions than we did . The object of the Orders in Council was not to destroy the trade of the continent , but to force the continent to trade with us . The article of 1154 bark , about which so much had been said formerly , would prove that he was in earnest in his understanding of the principle upon which the Orders in Council were founded . The British government had never said that France should not have bark , it had only said , `` if you want bark you shall not have it , unless you will import other articles with it . '' It was obvious , therefore , that our object was to compel France , and the nations that were subject to her Decrees , to trade with us . In 1809 , there was an alteration of the Orders in Council ; it was thought that the alteration proposed would be more acceptable to America , and it was so ; but