. friend near him ( Mr. Grattan ) —and even that great man who first brought the Catholic question under the consideration of the united parliament , ( Mr. Fox , ) for the indefinite nature of their respective propositions . But surely if the House had a right to apply to any one to take the question out of this undefinable state , it was to the noble lord himself ; who , for the first time , had that night introduced into the debate the King in person ( Hear , bear ! ) The noble lord , not thinking that the King was bound by the coronation oath to resist the Catholic claims , had nevertheless confessed that he had placed himself between the Catholics and the crown . The noble lord professed himself to have been the champion of the crown in this affair . Yet , what had he done ? He had shrunk from the side of the crown , and with his colleagues had retired from office . Why ? Because they could not carry the question of the Catholic claims . Not because the people objected to them—not because parliament objected to them , —but because the King objected to them , the noble lord and his colleagues left the cabinet , and his Majesty called to his counsels men who were willing to take on themselves the responsibility-of resistance to the Catholics . At the time of the Union , the noble lord ( to use his own words ) formed `` an important feature '' of that compact ; but he now denied that at that period there was any specific promise that the Catholic claims should be granted . True . But there was a distinct understanding , not merely that the subject should be discussed in the united parliament , but that the claims of the Catholics should be backed by all the talents of Mr. Pitt , all the weight of the noble lord ( then chief secretary for Ireland ) and all the influence of lord Cornwallis . Well did the noble lord know that without such a tacit agreement the Union could never have been effected . With all the money , with all the promises , that had been lavished—and `` with all means and appliances to boot , '' the Union would never have been effected had not the Catholic body been won over by a 643 distinct understanding that their claims would be conceded . It was much too late , therefore , for the noble lord to talk of the insuperable difficulties arising from the state of the Catholic clergy and laity , and the necessity of securities for the established church . Having agreed at the period of the Union to bring forward and support the Catholic claims , unless the noble lord had at that period arranged in his own mind a definite plan by which such an important object might be attained , he had been guilty of little less than treachery in holding out expectations of success to the unfortunate and suffering Catholics . But how was the question respecting these difficulties to be decided ? The noble lord talked of the impossibility of parliament 's legislating without any communication from the Catholics as to their assent to or dissent from the measures that might be proposed . But what arrangement had the Catholics in their power to suggest , prevented as they were from assembling for that purpose ? Their meetings might be pronounced legal by one jury , and illegal by the next . And yet , without being warranted in the assertion by any information received from the general body , the noble lord declared that the difficulty regarding the King 's Veto on the appointment of Catholic bishops could not be overcome . The claimants , it was contended , would not now give up that point ; and the noble lord had told the House , that the Catholic mind was not prepared for receiving the concessions which it was proposed to grant . Strange assertion ! That four millions of petitioners