covenants , annihilated confidence , and added new crimes to our already sanguinary criminal code . `` To the want of such a representation we owe the unpunished rapacity of prize courts , the insults and injuries innumerable against friendly nations , the ruin of commerce and manufactures , and the countless number of paupers , whose state , when contrasted with the luxury proceeding from the public money lavished on placemen and pensioners , would be beyond human endurance without the ever-awing aspect of military force . `` If any thing be yet wanting to work conviction of these truths , we implore your Royal Highness to cast your eyes over the Continent of Europe . Not a Sovereign has there been dethroned , not a state has there been subdued , where the way of the conqueror was not paved by corruption in the government , and by the tyranny which corruption never fails , sooner or later , to call to its support . `` And , when we see the same causes at work amongst ourselves ; when we bear the worst sort of corruption not only not denied , but unblushingly avowed and vindicated , upon the ground of its being as notorious as the sun at noon-day , it were presumption unparalleled to hope , that similar effects will not follow . `` To put an end , therefore , to Corruptions and Abuses , by a constitutional Re-formation of the Commons House of Parliament , appears to us to be the only means of reconciling the people to their government , of rekindling their zeal , of invigorating their exertions , and of insuring the independence of the country , and the safety and stability of the throne . '' rose , for the purpose of seconding the Address of the hon . baronet . He agreed with the Speech delivered in the name of the Prince Regent , in lamenting the continued indisposition of his Majesty ; and thought that a high tribute was due to the bravery of our army in Portugal , and to the conduct of the commander id chief ; but he would deny that the war as conducted in the peninsula , could prove ultimately successful . His lordship proceeded to maintain , that the forces of Great Britain were not sufficient to cope with those which Buonaparté could bring against us as soon as he had completed the subjugation of , Spain , and obtained the command of its resources . Of this we were quiet spectators . To what , he would ask , was our army indebt- 32 ed for its success and for maintaining it self in Portugal , but to the total unproductiveness of that country . He agreed that every credit was due to lord Wellington , for the manner in which he had conducted affairs , ; but was inclined to expect very little of the Portuguese , who were conducted in chains to the army , more like slaves than soldiers , and dragged from their homes to support they did not know what . At Peniche he had seen ten thousand of wretched beings collected , in want of every necessary , and in a state of nakedness.—The noble lord then proceeded to make some strong remarks on the conduct of the Portuguese government . The gaols and dungeons of the Inquisition , he said , were crowded with victims ; and the British minister , who at present formed a part of the Regency , was lately under the necessity of retiring from Lisbon for some time , that he might not appear to countenance arrests and imprisonments which he could not approve . He would not scruple to assert , that the Portuguese government , as now constituted , was completely obnoxious to every class of society in that country : nay , farther , that both in Sicily and in Portugal the British name was detested , because of the support which this country gave to the respective government of each , with all its abuses . With regard to Sicily , he could not