. If the French were exerting themselves to such an extent , surely we ought to be sufficiently prepared to meet them at all points ; if once the naval force was to be lowered , and an exigency arose , it would be difficult to increase it . We ought to be fully pre pared to meet them in all parts of the world . An inferior navy would be a great detriment to this country . hoped , that , as a deviation from mere detail was allowed when 889 the Army Estimates were in a committee , it would not be entirely out of course to offer a few general remarks while the supply of the Navy was before the House , not with a view to oppose the supply for the ordinary establishment of the navy , but as to the proper application of the enormous sums granted for that service generally , to which nothing could in his opinion , contribute more than that the Board of Admiralty should not be considered as a mere appendage to the minister of the day , and be displaced by every agitation of the political system—thus misapplication of means was rendered perpetual ; for , just as the members acquired some knowledge of their complicated duties and of the powers they ought to direct against the enemy , then they were displaced to make room for others of no experience . The observations which he had to address to the chairman , related chiefly to the means of annoying the enemy which the government possessed in a right disposal of the naval force of the country , which at present was totally useless except for the purpose of passive blockades . Had 5,000 men with attendant naval transports been kept in readiness in such a central situation as Minorca , for instance , it would have been impossible for the French to have made any progress on the eastern side of the peninsula ; for no sooner should the enemy have laid siege to Tarragona , Valencia , Alicant , or any other place , than their affairs might have been reversed at the other extremity . Rosas , for instance , was within twelve hours sail of Minorca and about eighteen from Alicant , whereas on the other hand it was a twenty-five days march at least from Alicant to Rosas . Comparing the respective populations of Britain and France , it was impossible to think of carrying on an equal warfare in the peninsula . A greater number of men than all the British who were at present there , must perish before it could be possible to drive out the French . The desultory nature of naval warfare was , in his opinion , the best calculated for that purpose , and for this we had the highest authorities in ancient and modern times . If the French , with a contemptible flotilla , could keep this country in alarm , what was our gigantic navy not capable of doing ? The whole of France lay at the mercy of the British ministry . Had the enemy a naval superiority and only 10,000 disposable troops , 890 on what part of the shores of England could people repose in tranquillity ? The war as at present conducted could not possibly have a successful termination . It was a great misfortune that the House of Commons listened to nothing which was beyond the sphere of their own knowledge ; and when any professional man , like himself , rose up to give information , party was immediately thrown in his teeth ; factious motives were instantly imputed , however pure his wishes for the good of his country . He put it to the committee , whether the whole force of this country was not on the alert , and almost concentrated on the coasts of Kent and Sussex , when an invasion was threatened by a contemptible flotilla of the enemy ; and if so , what might not be done , if the gigantic naval power of England was to threaten the enemy 's