excesses into which they had been betrayed—he thought it not a little hard to urge such accusation against them at the same time that their petitions were disregarded , because it was all edged that they exhibited no earnestness , no anxiety for their success . His own conviction was , that a sense of those evils and dangers , growing and increasing as they were ; which had sprang out of the adoption of those impolitic principles of government that had prevailed during the last twelve years , did furnish a sufficient and satisfactory ground to parliament , to induce it to take the present occasion for carrying into effect a large and general investigation of the state of the sister country.—He now came to that part of the speech of the noble marquis , in which he had endeavoured to vindicate the conduct of the Irish government . He conceived there was in that conduct evident and additional ground to lead the House to institute the proposed inquiry . Was it meant to be , said , that if the Catholics had infringed the law , or violated the constitution , by erecting themselves into a representative body , their assembling without the assumption of such a character was equally ; formidable and illegal ? If the spirit of the Convention act did not apply to a sanction of the suppression of such meetings as had been before held , unsuspected and unmolested , upon what ground did the justification of government , in thus enforcing 451 the provisions of that act , rest ? It was his opinion , that in pursuing this course , even had they not been baffled in a court of justice , by the verdict of a jury , they would soon have witnessed the futility of their attempt , and the disappointment of their expectations . He begged leave to call the attention of the House to the origin of the Convention act , and the circumstances attending it . The year when that act was first introduced into the Irish parliament , was immediately subsequent to one in which there had existed a delegation of the Catholic body ; which delegation had regularly communicated and negociated with the government on the subject of those claims which they had been constituted to support . Was he to believe then , that this same government , which had thus openly recognised the functions of this delegated body , did intend that an act passed in the following year should proscribe it as dangerous and unconstitutional ? It was broadly and distinctly stated , at the time of passing that act , by all its supporters , that it bore no reference whatever to the Catholic meeting . Among those who gave this explanation was one highly respectable person , Mr. Wolfe , then Attorney-general , and afterwards lord Kilwarden , who added , `` God forbid , that this or any other act should prevent any delegation from meeting to execute a legal and pre-conceived purpose . '' In delegation in a general sense there was certainly nothing objectionable , and the appointment of committees on similar occasions was not less productive of convenience to government itself , than it was reconcileable to the principles of the constitution , and essential to the rights of the subject . It was , therefore , a grave and weighty charge against the present government , that they had condemned and resisted this right . But what were their lordships to think of the manner in which their own principles had been adhered to , and their own plans carried into execution ? What were they to think of the delay , the vacillation , the inconsistencies that had marked and characterised their measures ? The Catholic Committee was formed in May 1809 , and it continued to meet uninterruptedly till February 1811 . Then it was the Circular Letter of the Secretary to the Irish government was issued , and it was remarkable that it was at the precise period when the Committee were engaged in endeavouring to add to their number , the