The heat of the contention had exaggerated and distorted the true and natural character of this question on both sides of the argument . 439 On the part of the Roman Catholics , the claim had been armed with all the violence and terror of indisputable right , spurning all accompanying condition , all previous consideration , all provident , amicable delay . The demand issued forth in the array of war , and no alternative appeared , but submission or battle . On the other side , every delay of a peremptory sentence of eternal exclusion was represented , as perilous to our civil , and nearly sacrilegious towards our religious establishments ; all conditions were ridiculed , as nugatory or impossible ; all previous consideration was deprecated , as an artful plot formed to inflame the expectations and demands of the Catholics , and to damp the zeal of the defenders of our establishments in church and state . The restraint imposed by statute on the Roman Catholics was asserted to be in itself a positive good ; a venerable and sacred institution ; it was consecrated as an essential article of our faith ; not a safeguard to be respected and preserved , merely for the temporary security of the altar , but the very altar and ark of our religion . These excesses were violent and irrational . The argument must be disarrayed , and brought down from the pomp and ostentation of right on one side , and from the intemperate fury of bigotted passion on the other ; and the path of discretion must be sought between the extremes of zeal . His noble friend ( the earl of Aberdeen ) for whom , from grateful remembrance of revered friendship and of indelible affection , he entertained a sincere regard ; and whose excellent speech would have delighted the kind heart of the illustrious statesman , ( Mr. Pitt , under whose tutelary care he had been educated ) had most justly said , that the question upon the claim of the Roman Catholics , was a mere question of state expediency . This was a correct view of that great and important question , and lord Wellesley expressed his entire concurrence in that part of his noble friend 's sentiments . Toleration is the intermediate point between persecution and encouragement . The precise limits of the principles of persecution , of toleration , and of encouragement , can not , however , be accurately drawn by any abstract definition . 440 These boundaries can not otherwise be ascertained , than by reference to the relative situations of the parties , and to the circumstances of the times , and to the condition of the state . One maxim is clear and undeniable ; that every state possesses a right to restrain whatever is dangerous to its security : no sect , no individual , can assert as a claim of right against the state , the relaxation of any restraint , of which the continuance is required for the safety of the community . On the other hand , every restraint , excluding any description of the subjects of any state from the enjoyment of advantages generally possessed by the community , is in itself a positive evils ; an evil which can wisely or justly be endured , so long only as the probable danger to be apprehended from its removal , shall evidently exceed the certain mischief of its continuance . The restraint now existing upon the Roman Catholics is , therefore , in itself a positive evil ; an imperfection in the frame of the empire : the question is , whether this special and particular in perfection , which separates one great branch of the people from the common benefits of the general constitution , is a necessary evil , which must be sustained for the universal safety of the whole empire . No community can be warranted by justice or policy , in extending such restraints beyond the strict limits of necessity ; if real danger requires this sacrifice of the impartial and parental spirit of any state