One licence had been granted lately at an inordinate saleable value . This might perhaps arise from a clerical error , which might not occur in 10,000 licences , but if he were in the situation of administering that part of the government , he should be most anxious to avoid such errors in future . He had heard of another instance respecting a vessel that had sailed to this country from a neutral port with a cargo consisting of articles importable into this country—and also an article not importable here ; in the course of her voyage she contrived to get rid of the contraband article , and landed the remaining part of her cargo while in the river ; the vessel was searched on suspicion of having gold—no gold was found , but the paper containing a list of the articles comprising the cargo , in which the contraband was specified . Here then the merchant could go into a court of justice and prove that no such article was assigned to him . If he proved this , he hung the correspondent abroad , and if he did not , he must abide by his penalty—now which was be to do ? ( Hear , hear ! ) —These and a variety of other instances might be produced to shew the expediency of at least going into the committee . As to the general principle of the Orders in Council , he had endeavoured to make himself understood . He would not compromise or qualify them , but act upon them on the strictest reciprocity with respect to neutrals , and unmitigated blockade as to France . When 1149 the enemy was beginning to feel most sensibly their rigour , that was not the time to abate it . Had they been originally enforced against Russia ( and on this subject he took much blame to himself ) he believed we should now have a greater chance of bringing her to terms . As to America , he should carefully abstain from saying more than this , that as he was the last man who would lay the honour of this country at the feet of America , so would he be among the first to go far in the work of honourable conciliation ; and he thought it was too much to object to a motion , not upon its own grounds , but merely because it might have incidentally the effect of conciliating America . This would be with him but an additional argument—but without it he was prepared to say , that the appointment of the Select Committee now moved for was due to the circumstances of the times and the complaints of the country . considered it as a commercial question . That the hon . and learned gent , saw no difference between the Orders in Council and Licences , he was surprized at , for they were both of his own offspring . By means of licences the British officer was prevented from making captures . There was a great difference in the species of licences ; those that were direct to France were very different from others , for they were reciprocal to both countries . The Licence trade abounded with frauds . There was not a consul in the world whose signature was not forged ; and there were men in London , who , if they received a letter to-day , would be able in a few days to produce two or three letters so completely similar in hand-writing , water-mark , & c. that he who had wrote the original , could not distinguish it from the copies . The Americans suffered great hardships by the Orders in Council ; they were obliged to send their ships into British ports , and pay a certain centage , and which , if they did , they were certain of confiscation in the enemy 's ports . He defended the Orders in Council , as originally established , as perfectly justifiable ; and had they been strictly adhered to , he bad no doubt they would ultimately have effected