claims at present , and feeling that no charge had been substantiated against the Irish government , he gave his most decided negative to the motion . rose and said : The hon . member who spoke last , has assumed to himself a superiority in argument over my hon . friend to which he is not entitled ; for his pretensions rest upon a very superficial conception of the motion before the House . It is not , as he has argued , a motion made for the sole purpose of inquiring into the legality of the conduct of government , but a motion that has for its object an inquiry into the policy , as well as the legality , of that conduct ; and also into the condition of the Catholics of Ireland . The policy and the legality of the conduct are two distinct considerations ; or , otherwise , 623 the crown lawyers would be the efficient ministers of the country . I confess , Sir , I heard , with great surprize , the assertion of the hon . member , that there had existed no bar to the interests of Ireland . Surely , the hon . member must have forgotten the reasons which Mr. Pitt had assigned for quitting his office in 1801 : the cause of the dismissal of the last administration , and the obstinacy with which their successors have resisted every measure that has been proposed , even of the most trifling importance to the interests of Ireland . He must have forgotten , that from the time of the Union , when so much was promised the Catholics , to the present hour , no one statute has been made to give them any new concession , and that the prayer of their Petition has been uniformly refused . The hon . member has said there are great objections to the present motion , arising from the time of proposing it : that certain considerations , having reference to the state of the executive government , and the example of the Catholics in postponing their application to parliament , render this motion , at this time , particularly unseasonable . With regard to the first objection , it seems to me , that when the House considers what the state of Ireland is , and that no mention was made of its political condition in the Speech from the throne , it became the duty of parliament to supply the defect , and give its whole attention to it , for the amelioration of the state of Ireland can not bear postponement . Even in the short period that has elapsed since the opening of the session , measures have occurred , which have greatly contributed to heighten ail its disorders . As to the assertion of the hon . member , that the Catholics wished the discussion of their case to be delayed , there is the evidence of their own resolution to prove , that if their proceedings had not been interrupted , their Petitions would have now been upon the table . So far from viewing this motion as unfavourable to them , they must , on all accounts , deem it of the greatest service to their cause ; but , more particularly , from the assurance it holds out to them , that that great party in this country , which compose what is called the opposition , will not undertake the administration of government , unless they have it in their power to grant the wished-for concessions . The hon . member , and several other members , have assumed , that the Catholics 624 demand these concessions as a matter of right . It is said , the Catholics must abandon this menacing position , before even their claims can deserve discussion . I do not know where this demand , in the sense here given to it , is to be found . It is not in the speeches of their friends in parliament , or in their own petitions . I conceive , that whenever they make use of