be appointed to inquire into the state and condition of the nightly watch ! This would have been at any time the meekest of all meek propositions ; but at the present crisis it was not only the meekest , but he must beg-the right hon . Secretary 's pardon , if he added , the silliest proposition that could possibly have been made . The state of the nightly watch ! Why , what became of the act of parliament that created in each parish the appointment and controul of those watchmen ? Were not the provisions of that act sufficient , if carried into effect , to provide for and maintain the peace of the metropolis ? And if they were , had the magistrates or those persons entrusted with carrying those provisions into effect , done their duty ? Had not the several parishes ample powers to enforce the regulations of the act , and secure their respective peace and safety ? But though by the laws the power was lodged in each parish , they were now called upon to enquire into the state of the nightly watch . Why not go further and move for an inquiry into the state of the parish nurseries ? ( a laugh ) . But the right hon . Secretary came before them 215 brimful of information ; he told them that the act required able-bodied watchmen ; and then he told them that the men employed were not able-bodied , because , forsooth , they were weak , old , and decrepid—very satisfactory reasons certainly why they could not be very active , young , and vigilant ! And then the right hon . gent . told them further , that these sort of men were unfit for their situations , that the service , in short , wanted recruits ; and that as at present there was no watch to protect the city at night , that therefore they ought to proceed , with all due deliberation , to inquire into the state and condition of the nightly watch . To be called upon gravely to all this was bad enough ; but to be called upon , with all the characteristic gravity of the right hon . Secretary was scarcely supportable , That right hon . gentleman knew the importance his manner could give to trifles—he was in the habit of throwing such an inflexible air of grave solemnity round all he had to offer to that House , that there was really sometimes danger lest they should attach to the matter what belonged to the manner merely . But what was the object of the right hon . gentleman ? If be had not an immediate , perhaps he had a remote one . Did he mean to entrench upon the charter of the city of London ? And if he did , was he sure that the hon . baronet ( sir Charles . Price ) , would concur with him in such an object ? Did he know what his hon . and worthy friend be hind him ( alderman Combe ) would say to such a proposition ? a gentleman who had throughout his public life , evinced such a praise-worthy zeal in behalf of the rights of all his fellow-citizens—was he quite sure that he should have his assistance in a scheme that was to touch the corporate rights of the city of London ? Had the right hon . Secretary consulted either of those gentlemen ? Had he taken the least pains to consult with any one magistrate , before he came down to his place in that House with his formidable proposition of inquiring into the state and condition of the nightly watch ? —When those horrible atrocities were first committed in the neighbourhood of Shadwell they all remembered how eager valgar prejudice was to fasten upon a foreigner—people grew all of a sudden thoroughly persuaded that there was evidence upon the face of those murders to shew that they were , perpetrated by Portuguese , and by none but Por- 216 tuguese Oh ! who would do it