ought to characterize the system of the poor laws . He did not exactly know how to prevent the introduction of different regulations into different Bills . Perhaps it might be effected by a standing order of the House , that all Bills introducing new methods of punishment or of management should be submitted to a committee of the whole House . He objected also to the liability to abuse which was inherent in the present clauses . A poor wretch might languish in prison for days and months , and yet could have no remedy by action of false imprisonment . There were now no less than , three Bills in their progress , which had contained various methods of punishment , but which had been altered at his suggestion ; yet , if he had not chanced to notice them , they would have passed the House unamended . He should now propose his alterations : —One clause empowered magistrates to apprentice youth at the age of 14 or sooner . He objected to the latter words , as giving a discretionary power to send out children at the tenderest age . He was not to be told that such abuse could not arise , as he was himself acquainted with an instance , where 20 children of only 7 years old had been 1261 sent apprentices to Scotland . The next clause he objected to was , that which enabled the magistrates to apprentice the children of Strood into Scotland , a provision which would remove them from the protection of a Bill for Apprentices brought in by his hon . friend ; and they would thus be as much pat out of the guardianship of the law as if they were sent to the West Indies . The next objectionable clause was that , which empowered the trustees to let out the poor by the day or the week , for Works of husbandry ; subjecting the poor to penalties , if they did not immediately return after the execution of their work . He had been told that this was a beneficial practice : be was not himself acquainted with the arguments which led gentlemen to such conclusions ; he thought it a most important innovation of the existing law , and therefore not to be admitted into this Bill . agreed as to the necessity of an uniform code of poor laws , but thought that trustees should be invested with considerable power . He thought the whole system of the poor laws required alteration , and wished that some gentleman would dedicate his attention to such a work . explained the motives of the clause which empowered magistrates to apprentice children into Scotland . He said there was a considerable trade carried on between Strood and that part of the kingdom , which necessarily led to a connection between the two places . If , however , any doubt existed as to the propriety of this clause , he was authorised by the framers of the Bill to withdraw it . said he bad seen boys of from ten to twelve years of age apprenticed out very usefully , on which account he would suggest to his hon . and learned friend , to substitute ten years in the place of fourteen , to which it would stand limited by his amendment . said , the consequence of the Bill , as it stood at present , was to enable the trustees to place children out at the tenderest age ; he knew of one parish that had sent twenty children out in one year at the age of seven , to a house in Scotland . He acceded to the suggestion of his hon . friend . presented the following Message 1263 from his royal highness the Prince Regent : `` George P. R. `` The Prince Regent , in the name and on the behalf of his Majesty , thinks proper to inform the House of Commons , that the assistance which his Majesty has been enabled to give to the Portuguese government , has happily furnished the means of improving