opposite to make out the position , that flogging could not be done without . Military torture ought to be as inadmissible as civil torture . He repeated , that the strongest part of the argument rested on the liability of the whole population of the country to be called out as soldiers . The father of a family might be dragged from his house to serve in the ranks , and put in a situation in which he would be subject to military flogging . There had been great sympathy excited a few years since on the subject of the Slave Trade , and he heartily rejoiced in the abolition of that inhuman traffic ; but he did not believe that ever a slave in the West Indies suffered so much as the British soldier , for by the laws of Jamaica the number of lashes was limited , and they were inflicted , not by the party offended , but by a public officer . He hoped their humanity was not exhausted in getting rid of that traffic , but that there was still enough left to induce them to abolish an abomination even exceeding that in horror . He did not doubt but the practice would be defended under similar perverted pretences to humanity as had been used on the Slave Trade . There were persons ready to defend 1274 any thing . He had read defences of the Inquisition and torture , and if torture was at all defensible , he did not see why it might not be inflicted , as well for the salvation of the soul as on a military pretence . But however defended , he was sure the practice was impolitic , disgusting , and cruel . Before he sat down , he would again advert to the importance of the subject , on the ground of the legal disqualification wrought by flogging , when the whole people were liable to military service.—He asked if this was a situation to which the people of England should be exposed , and expressed his pre-opinion , that this subject was so founded on humanity , that neither party nor political sentiments could have operated , so as to bring two persons to differ upon it . It had nothing to do with party . The opposition to the system was founded on humanity : and in that point of view , needed not the aid of argument ; it was also founded on policy , and in that point of view , could be supported by irrefutable reasoning . If the country would but do justice to the army—if a reward was held out for good conduct—if those , who had served 30 or 40 years , instead of being sent abroad to hard garrison duty , were allowed to pass the rest of their lives at home and at ease , there would be little necessity for resorting to severe punishments . Far different was the present fate of the veteran . When he had exhausted the strength of his youth in the service of his country , that ungrateful country , instead of affording the means of comfort in his age , availed itself of his last and feeble efforts , and sent him to a distant and baleful clime , there to descend into an unwept grave . Had the plan originated some years ago by a late right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Windham ) been persevered in , the good effects would by this time have been strikingly manifest . It was a plan which no consideration of economy ought to have interrupted . That right hon . gentleman had , for the first time , ( however imperfectly ) impressed this great principle on the military service of the country , namely , that the only rational foundation on which the good conduct of the soldier could be expected , was to better his condition . He must know very little indeed of the character of mankind , and of Englishmen in particular , who did not know that it was much easier to lead than to