and prelates ; and that therefore I was convinced he would not be able to wield this great machine , having already failed in giving a proper direction to a lesser one . I concluded with informing him , that , under all the circumstances of the case , the government felt itself bound to take some serious steps to avert the , threatened danger ; that these-steps would not be taken without due deliberation ; and that whatever the measures of government might be , his lordship should be apprised of them . The interview then terminated . On the 29th of July , a dispatch was received by the lord lieutenant from ministers , in answer to the one which I before mentioned , approving of every thing his grace had proposed , and recommending the proceeding by proclamation . The lord chancellor of Ireland , the attorney general and myself , thought that the mode of proceeding by letter was preferable to a proclamation ; but we did not think proper to set up our opinion in opposition to that expressed by ministers , and we thought that by proceeding in the way recommended , we should at least be sure of the approbation of those who in the preceding session had told us that our great error was in not haying issued a proclamation . I wrote to lord Fingall on the 30th of July , requesting an interview 579 with him on that day , and his lordship called upon me accordingly . A council was to meet in the afternoon , in order to consider of the proclamation . I beg pardon of the House for going into these details , but they are necessary because so much has been said against the Irish government for not having treated the Catholics with proper attention , that it is fit the House should know the facts and decide for itself . Sir , a long conversation ensued between lord Fingall and myself , nearly similar to that which took place on the 25th , I stated to him the measure that was about to be adopted , and just as we were upon the point of separating , the lord lieutenant , and the lord chancellor , accidentally came into the room . His grace with great condescension addressed lord Fingall , and expressed his sentiments respecting the danger of the meeting , and the necessity of an interference on the part of government . The Lord Chancellor also spoke to the same effect . Sir , I then felt it my duty to say— '' Your lordship has heard the opinion of the lord lieutenant , and of the lord chancellor—You are already acquainted with the opinion of the law-officers of this country , —and I have informed you to-day that the law-officers , as well as the cabinet ministers , of England , concur in thinking that your proceeding are in all their steps contrary to law , and highly dangerous to the state . I ask your lordship , whether the lord lieutenant , with the collective opinions of the law-officers of the crown in both countries , upon the law , and with the opinions which he entertains , in common with the British cabinet , upon the danger , can be justified in suffering the committee to persevere in their attempts to assemble with impunity ? —And I put it to you , who , as a man of high rank and property , must be deeply interested in the peace and prosperity of the country , whether you will now persist in lending your sanction to these proceedings ; I put it to your lordship whether you will suffer yourself to be led into measures that must endanger the tranquillity of the country ? '' Sir , my lord Fingall was assured that there could not be a grosser misrepresentation than that which had been asserted in the factious prints , that the Irish government wished to prevent the Roman Catholics from petitioning . He was informed 580 that if they wished to call an aggregate meeting , for