and with the proper feelings of an enlightened statesman . Firm to his purpose , yet conciliating in his manner , a want of punctuality and attention was in no instance to be charged to him ; and the mode in which he had endeavoured to accomplish the object of his mission was in every respect entitled to commendation . But he was very much afraid that Mr. Pinckney had not been treated with the same punctilious 766 respect which had marked the deportment of that gentleman towards the English ministers . At the time the correspondence between the marquis Wellesley and Mr. Pinckney commenced , it was known that there was a great soreness in America , in consequence of what had occurred in the course of the mission of Mr. Jackson . The first letter which Mr. Pinckney had occasion to write to lord Wellesley , was with a reference to the occurrences alluded to . On the subject of the pending negociations , it was known there was a remarkable sensibility in America as to the parties by whom they were to be conducted . After the termination of Mr. Erskine 's mission , and the unfortunate ( as it proved ) substitution of Mr. Jackson , it might have been hoped that the English government would therefore have been particularly careful that no want of decorum should give a new offence . What was the conduct of ministers ? Why on the 2d January , 1809 , Mr. Pinckney wrote on the subject of appointing a new minister to America , and to this letter no answer was given by the English government till the 14th March . Upwards of two months of precious time was thus wasted . On this subject Mr. Pinckney , in his dispatches to his government , had only observed— '' I was prepared to expect some delay , but I did not expect a delay like this . '' Lord Wellesley gave an answer on this subject on the 14th March . Oh the 15th , Mr. Pinckney wrote again to lord Wellesley on the subject of the English system of blockade , a subject most interesting to America . After waiting more than a fortnight , an answer was returned to this letter on the 2d of the following month . On the 30th of April , he ( Mr. Pinckney ) wrote again on the subject of the Berlin and Milan decrees , but to this letter he received no answer . On the 3d of May , Mr. Pinckney wrote to lord Wellesley , complaining of the practice of forging ships ' papers in London , and of making an open traffic of them . A traffic more infamous and more dishonourable could not exist , and consequently a more serious and more severe charge could not be made against any government . Yet notwithstanding all this , to Mr. Pinckney 's communication oft the subject no answer was returned . On the 3d of June , Mr. Pinckney wrote again , referring to his letter of the 30th of April on the subject of the Berlin and Milan decrees , to which he answer had 767 been returned . To this letter no answer was given . On the.7th of July , Mr. Pinckney wrote again on the subject of the delay in appointing a minister . To this letter no official answer was returned . A personal communication as it was called , ( a private note ) assuring him that a minister should be appointed immediately , was all the notice taken of it . On the 8th of August , Mr. Pinckney wrote again , referring to his ( Mr. P. 's ) letters of the 30th of April and 23d of June , on the subject of the Berlin and Milan decrees , requesting an answer , but to this letter also no answer was returned . On the 23d July he wrote again , and again no answer was returned . On the 25th August he wrote again on the subject of the revocation of the Berlin and Milan decrees ,