merits . He had , however , merely to state , that as the Revenue might suffer materially if the duties resulting from spirits distilled from grain were to expire as soon as the prohibition commenced , it had been thought advisable that the duties should be transferred to spirits distilled from sugar . After some further observations , expressive of the necessity for resorting to the restriction , and his regret , that such a measure should be necessary , the right hon . gentleman moved the following Resolutions : 1 . `` That it is the opinion of this Committee , that from and after the 1st of February , 1812 , and until the 31st of Dec. 1812 , no worts or wash for distillation in any part of Great Britain shall be made or brewed from oats , barley , or any other corn or grain , or from malt , flour , or bran , or any mixture with the same ; nor shall any worts or wash , which shall have been made or brewed from oats , barley , or any other corn or grain , or from malt , flour , or bran , or any other mixture with the same , in any part of Great Britain , be distilled after the 15th of Feb. 1812 . 2 . `` That it shall be lawful for his Majesty by proclamation , at any time after the 1st of Oct. 1812 , if in his royal discretion he shall judge it to be for the benefit and advantage of this kingdom , either to terminate such prohibition from a time to be specified , not less than 30 days from the date of the said proclamation , or further to continue it from the said 31st of Dec. until 30 days after the then next meeting of parliament . 3 . `` That during any period in which the distillation of spirits from corn or grain in Great Britain shall be prohibited , the duties on worts or wash made in Great Britain for extracting spirits , and the duties on spirits made in Great Britain , and on spirits made in Ireland , and im- 148 ported into Great Britain , and the duties on licences on the content or capacity of stills used in Scotland for making low-wines or spirits , and also the duties on spirits manufactured in England and brought from thence into Scotland , and on spirits made in Scotland and imported into England , and the respective drawbacks on the exportation of such spirits , shall be suspended . 4 . `` That during such suspension , there be charged for every gallon of wort or wash brewed or made for extracting spirits in England , for home consumption , from sugar , an excise duty of 1s . 8d . 5 . `` That during Such suspension , there be charged for every gallon , English wine measure , of wort or wash , brewed or made from sugar , for extracting spirits in the lowlands of Scotland , for consumption in Scotland , an excise duty of 8¼d . 6 . `` That during such suspension , there be charged for every gallon , English wine measure , of spirits , of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof , and so in proportion for every higher or lower degree of strength , which shall be made of distilled in the lowlands of Scotland , for consumption in Scotland , not exceeding the number of gallons of spirits limited and restricted to be distilled by or from each still , to be paid over and above the duty on the licence or content of the still , and the duty on the wort or wash front which such spirits may be made or distilled , an excise duty of 5d . 7 . `` That during such suspension , there be charged for every gallon , English-wine measure , of the cubical content or capacity of each and every still , including the head and every part thereof , and of any