one was basking in the golden sunshine of favour and emolument , while the other was suffering under every civil and political deprivation—the jargon of party might raise the one , but the acknowledgment of truth would exalt the other , and silence those who would countenance such gross and illiberal absurdity . He aid not mean to trespass on the patience of the House , by considering further the relative situation of the government and the people , as the subject would be much more properly discussed in the Committee proposed by his noble friend ; but he begged leave to ask one question of 418 the noble lords opposite , namely , Whether the sentiments expressed by the Catholics now were either trifling or momentary ? Did the experience of many successive years , during which this feeling had been maintained , prove that it was so ? If it were not , why did not government hold out to them the hand of friendship and peace , when all hearts would be engaged in defence of every thing which the subjects of the crown of England held dear , at a time when the exertions of a daring and insidious for rendered it more than ever necessary that we should all be united in one common cause for one common interest . He would not thus strongly have impressed upon the House the necessity of adopting the motion , were he not convinced that the future happiness , almost the very existence of Ireland as an integral part of the British empire , depended upon the decision of this momentous question . took a survey of the general state of Ireland , in order to examine what it was which could so urgently call for an enquiry into the condition of that country at the present moment . What most forcibly struck him in considering the state of Ireland , was the tone and attitude which the body of the Roman Catholics had assumed in the preparation and furtherance , as they called it , of their petition to parliament . Was the present the proper moment for pressing forward their claims ? Was their Petition ready to be laid now before the House ? Was it in the manner in which that petition was prepared , or the circumstances that attended and marked their meetings , that parliament was to discover and hail , that moderation , that forbearance , that respect for the laws , that veneration for the constitution , which had so much and so frequently been the theme of panegyric and applause with their advocates ? What was the real object of the motion which the noble earl had that night submitted to their lordships ' consideration ? Were not the noble mover and those who supported him anxious rather to extend the inquiry into the whole conduct of his Majesty 's government—to canvass and criticise their proceedings under all the aspects of that conduct ? This he believed was the true motive and object of the present motion . But he had attentively watched the proceedings of the government in Ireland ; indeed , the general measures of his Majesty 's govern- 419 ment both there and at home ; and his humble opinion was , that that conduct not only was not deserving of blame , but was highly entitled to commendation . It would be impertinent in him to detain their lordships with a detail of all that had recently passed in Ireland . All he would now take upon himself to say was , that in all their late proceedings , the conduct of the Irish Catholics , notwithstanding their own , and the claims of their advocates to the praise of moderation and forbearance , had every thing in it that bespoke the very reverse , and appeared to him , upon the whole , to be highly reprehensible . They seemed wholly to forget the many successful endeavours that had been made to improve and meliorate their conditions ; endeavours which the liberality of their own parliament , and of their Protestant fellow subjects , had