French decrees almost as nugatory as the blockade of the British isles.—It is lamentable to look back at the reverse of all this , to find that instead of conciliating and neutralizing other states , our policy has breathed nothing but hostility to neutrals ; and the whole series of our measures speak but one language—that they must 1098 take part either with the one belligerent or the other . I wish not to enter upon the subject of the negociation that is still pending . I rejoice that it is yet pending ; but I grieve that what lately fell from the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer has diminished the probability of a prosperous result . But if I could suppose that America was as willing to acquiesce in our system , as we are strenuous in acting upon it , I should still contend that it would be wise in us to abandon it , and that by no other system is France so likely to succeed in her ultimate designs . So much was said on this subject four years ago , at a period when I had the honour of raising my voice at your bar against this policy , that I shall compress into one sentence the sum and substance of that argument . It was then said that under the new decrees of France , the test imposed upon American vessels in French ports would be solely , `` Had they touched at the British isles ? '' This was a question which the Americans could at any time evade . The fact of having entered a British port was one which the enemy could not possibly ascertain . Under these circumstances our Orders in Council were issued , and every American vessel compelled to enter and pay tribute in a British port , previous to her entrance into any of the ports of France . Let us for a moment attend to the effects of these edicts , as evinced in the first year after their proclamation . In the returns for the year 1809 it appeared that the amount of exports and imports fell short of the amount of the preceding year 15 millions ; 10 millions to the continent and 5 millions to America ! In April 1809 , therefore , these Orders were in a great degree modified , or rather rescinded . The only Order now in force was then issued , and to this the attention of the House should be particularly directed , as in place of the former sweeping principle , it substituted a blockade of limited extent , including Holland , the coast of Germany as far north as the Ems , and that portion of Italy which lies between Pesaro and Orbitello . Thus the original principle was completely surrendered ; for what was the object of that principle , but to make Buonaparté feel and repent of the operation of his own policy—what was it but an avowed struggle between him and us of who could play at this game the longer ? Were we not told by the right hon . gentleman opposite , that Buonaparté 1099 could never hold out against the effect of our new schemes , and that the result must be that he would be compelled to revoke his own decrees ? What , then , was done by the Order of April 1809 ? `` You roust not , '' said this Order , `` export your coffee , your cotton , or your sugar on this side the river Ems ; but go to the north of it , stretch your course a few leagues farther , and you may trade at your discretion . '' While the north of Italy and the south of France were labouring for a vent to their manufactures , the language of this Order was , `` You shall import nothing from Toulon , no , nor from Genoa ; but beyond Orbitello , a few miles to the southward , all restriction ceases . '' When we shew , therefore , what the effect was of