there , then , any thing in the object of the Catholic committee that made this interference on the part of the Irish government , a measure of policy ? No man would be bold enough to say that there was . If there was nothing in the object , was there nothing in the means by which they endeavoured to effect that object ? This might be as easily answered , seeing they were told that Ireland was unusually tranquil ; then why impose restraints unless they , felt in that tranquillity the stillness of despair ? But there were other dangers as great , as aweful , and as pressing as any that weakness and intemperance have accumulated in Ireland . We were contending for our existence as a people with the most formidable power—a power that was growing in the double ratio of her advance and our decline . If at this hour of peril we could be suddenly scared from our follies and alarmed into wisdom—if bigotry should drop its hold of the national good sense , and an enlightened tolerance bring back her train of virtues , beneficence , conciliation , and justice— '' Good God ! '' exclaimed the noble earl , `` what might we not then hope for ! What could we have to fear though France was Europe—though Europe were another France ? But if while we are lavishing our resources with a desperate profusion—while we are drying up the source within us , an excessive taxation operating on diminished wealth—while we are on the eve of a war with America , we are to have any thing but peace or union in Ireland , I know not what we can hope , or what we may not fear . '' The noble earl proceeded to allude to some of the observations of a noble lord opposite ( Ross ) , which , he confessed , surprised 474 him , recollecting , as he did , to have read some eloquent speeches of that noble lord 's , when sir L. Parsons , in favour of the Catholic cause . Now , for the first time , had a measure of unusual coercion and severity against the Catholics been resorted to , which , with all the feelings against the Catholic claims which were supposed to animate his Majesty , had never been thought of when he was in a situation to judge of the interests of his kingdoms . This measure had been reserved to darken the prospects of the government of a Prince to whom the Irish Catholics had been accustomed to look up as their brightest hope.—The noble earl warned the House to think of America , which had been disjoined from this country by the same contemptuous treatment which was now practised towards Ireland . With regard to the Veto , he denied that ever he or his noble friend ( lord Grenville ) had considered it as of indispensable obligation . He concluded by saying that he hoped in God , that by the exertions of parliament and the country , the crisis likely to be produced in Ireland by the persevering firmness ( as they were pleased to call it ) of ministers , might yet be prevented , and that conciliation would at length be resorted to . said , he would appeal to the noble earl who spoke last , the House , and the country , to say whether any thing could be more hostile to the Catholic cause than the conduct of the noble lords who had pressed it forward on the present occasion . The question was twofold . Whether the conduct of the government with regard to the Convention act , was reprehensible ? and whether the question of the measure itself was one that ought to be entertained ? The noble earl undertook not only to arraign ministers , but the court of King's-bench , and the chief judge , who , in learning , in talent , and in all the great qualities which rendered a man estimable and beloved in society , was inferior to none