the House in sanctioning . The mildest character of the present Bill was , that it would be ineffectual . They had been told that the riots had continued many months ; that the local police had been aided by the efforts of the London police ; that rewards had been offered for conviction ; but that all the efforts of the civil power , joined to the allurements of profit , and the assistance of a military force , had been found completely ineffectual ; and that with all this powerful array , not a single conviction had taken place under the existing law , which sentenced all framebreakers to transportation for 14 years . Now , if the House had been told that any individuals had been convicted , and punished with transportation , but that from the slightness of the punishment , the motives of the unfortunate persons had been found stronger than the dread of conviction , then he could conceive it might be proper to call upon the House for measures of greater severity . No such information , however , had been communicated to the House , and it was merely the state of impunity which they were called on to redress . The right hon . Secretary of State proposed for this purpose to make the offence capital . But how could this operate on persons in the situation of the unfortunate persons in question , among whom there had already been found to 828 prevail such an uncommon degree of union , concert , and good faith , if he might be allowed the expression , to one another , that not one of them had even yet been detected . If impunity was an evil , the effect of this severe penalty would only be to afford a greater security against any chance of punishment , because it would afford the rioters an additional motive for adhering closely together.—The hon . and learned gentleman then went into some illustrations respecting the different probabilities of conviction under pain of death and transportation , and concluded , that the former merely decreased the chance of it . The members for the county had not expressed any warm approbation of the measure of the right hon . Secretary ; but they wished , they said , to agree to any measure which might have a chance of restoring tranquillity . But he would ask those gentlemen , how they could support a measure which would have the direct contrary effect to what they wished ? After the body of information possessed by ministers on this subject , he thought the present Bill displayed a great poverty of invention . The distressed state of the country ought to make a deep impression on the House , and induce them to reconsider those measures which had plunged us into this dreadful situation . There were some effects arising from the decay of trade , which it was yet in the power of parliament to controul ; and they might be assured , that while the cause of the evil remained in full force , all the remedies which they might apply would be found as unavailing as the prescriptions of a physician , directed merely to remove the outward symptoms of a disease , instead of communicating health and vigour to the whole system . had no hesitation in declaring it to be his opinion , that the combination which existed among these misled people was so strong , that to break it effectually required measures of the utmost severity . He must support the Bill , on the ground that the terror of the punishment of death was indispensible on the present occasion . regretted that the House had been denied all previous enquiry on a measure which would go to affect the lives of so many of our fellow creatures . From all the partial information he had been able to collect , these disturbances owed their origin to two 829 causes , —the decrease of employment , and disputes between the workmen and their employers . There had been no proof , however