, that the Order of 1807 was a vigorous measure , and would have been followed up with vigour ; but that it involved the principle of the subsequent Orders in Council , was disproved by the fact , that Mr. Perceval had moved in another place for the paper , objecting to it that it was only a common war measure , and was not founded , as it ought to be , upon a system of retaliation.—He entered into these topics with pain and reluctance , but as the noble earl had thought proper to introduce them , he felt it impossible to pass them over without observation . It was degrading to their lordships—it was disgusting to the public at large—it was disgraceful to the legislature , that measures which affected the best interests of the country should be discussed , not upon their own grounds or merits , but as questions of consistency or inconsistency on the part of this or of that administration . The noble earl had likewise argued that his noble friends , in resorting to that Order of January 1807 , had not foreseen the consequences that would follow from its operation . That might be . The dreadful effects which his noble friend had displayed with so much force , might have been produced by that Order in Council—and if they were , he was confident that his friends with whom it had originated , would be the first to recommend and support its 1060 repeal . If they had foreseen any detriment that would result from it , much less if they could have imagined that a war between Great Britain and the United States ( or rather a condition of amicable hostility , a state between peace and war , but worse than actual aggression , ) would have been produced by it , motives of policy would have induced them not to have recommended it then , and the same motives would actuate them to support its abrogation now . ( Hear , hear ! ) The state of the commercial community was , at the period at which the Order of 1807 was issued , a state of alarm and apprehension , and it was not to be supposed that those who were consulted and who advised that measure could at once see all the consequences it might possibly lead to . It would have been impossible for the authors of the measure to have issued that Order in Council , if they had foreseen that it would have involved all the effects which had since been produced by the Orders in Council . Still , however , the noble earl contended that the Americans viewed this Order as a matter directly affecting their rights . That might be very true , but it was not possible that they could feel equally with respect to the Order in Council of 1807 and to the Orders of 1809 . The Americans were a wise people , and this country might take a lesson of sound policy and prudence from them . They would be satisfied to remonstrate upon a mere question of right , which did not immediately or materially affect their interests , and he verily believed they would still be satisfied with a bare remonstrance against this Order , if the other Orders in Council were to be repealed . That people knew how wisely to regulate their concerns and interests ; they would rather submit to an inoffensive infringement of a bare right , than drive a national difference to extremity.—As to the immorality of the trade by Licences , he would freely confess that he was not prepared to go the length of the opinions which had been held in other places upon that subject : yet , whilst he would admit that it might be expedient , by licences in certain cases , to obviate the effects of a sudden unexpected pressure upon commerce , he could not approve of the extent to which the system of licences had been carried . Was there not a most material difference between the grant of