supposed , was what the right hon . Secretary would call vigour.—But , giving them all due credit for such vigour ; where was the vigour , the justice , the moral , or the decency , in that abominable spectacle with which , they fed the worst appetites of the mob 219 in the unseemly exhibition of the dead body to the multitude ! Did they want to teach the people to prey upon carcases ? Could it add to the sanctity of justice to make the passions of a mob hurry it to Not upon a senseless carcase ? Was there that certainty upon which alone justice ought to act to make such a spectacle fit ? Should the people deal out the vengeance of the law by witnessing the formal procession of mangled limbs and putrid carcases ? But what other was the true motive of this parade of the carcase , and the-maul and the chissel—what but a poor artifice to cover their own scandalous neglect ? Why did they suffer that man to be alone ? Why did they suffer him to be three days alone , though they knew that there was a bar across the top of his dungeon , and that he were handkerchiefs and garters ? The wonder really was that they did not give general orders to furnish the prisoner with a nightly supply of razors and pistols . But what could be said too extravagantly of their neglect and remissness , when it should be known that this wretch was suffered to possess himself with a sharp piece of iron , which was found in his pocket the morning after he hanged himself . And yet after all this , the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer bagged to be distinctly understood when he agreed to the Amendment , that he did not thereby mean to affix the smallest imputation to the conduct of the magistracy . This was the salvo of the right hon . gentleman ; no reflection on the magistrates . Some one had said that all the watchmen of Shadwell had been discharged ; and why in the name of justice , not discharge all the magistrates too ? He was himself pretty conversant with police affairs ' and recommended to the perusal of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer a treatise , written in the year 1750 , by Mr. Henry Fielding , a police magistrate , on the late alarming increase of crimes . He should hope , that the right hon . gentleman would not think Worse of the author for having been a poet and a dramatic writer.—But to sum up his account of the vigilance of the Shadwell magistracy , he had merely to state , that they never once thought of searching the room of Williams till nearly two months after the murder , where they found the bloody trowsers and the ivory hafted knife . He concluded by stating , that he had formerly thought much upon the subject of the police , and that as the 220 right hon . Secretary had shewn to-night , that he had not as yet thought at all upon the subject , he begged that that right hon . gentleman would begin to think of it with all possible dispatch , at least before he again came down to the House to move with great solemnity for an inquiry into the state and condition of the nightly watch ! , considering the situation in which the magistrates were placed ; thought them entitled to indulgence , and even to compassion . The numerous arrestations for which they were so much blamed , proceeded from those numberless in formations created by panic , and to which they owed Williams 's apprehension . If , however , the right hon . gent . was right in his statement , if the magistrates had encouraged prejudices , if such prejudices actually existed against a brave and a generous nation , he thought them highly reprehensible . But he must suppose the right hon . gent . to have been