the public feeling . He consequently regretted , that his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer could not see the matter in the same light that he did . He knew him to be a man conducting the government honourably and justly , in every point of view which he took of the common welfare , and could not help being sorry that he did not view some of these subjects in a way which would induce him to do them away , and not suffer them to remain to inflame a suffering people . The merits of the hon . colonel he was as willing to admit as any body ; but they were merits of which the House could have no cognizance—it was not a ground upon which a member of parliament could proceed—it was a principle which might lead to every excess , and upon such a pretext the public expenditure might be abused without limit . He should therefore vote with great pleasure for the amendment . denied that the Reso- 924 lutions of the commissioners or committees referred to by the hon . mover , should have controlled government in respect to this appointment ; though , he confessed , that those Resolutions were a great direction to them in the line of conduct to be pursued . But the great point in the present question was , whether the Resolution alluded to ought to be binding on government ? And he was of opinion that it ought not . It was laid down for the conduct of the House , and , until a countervailing fund was provided for the crown to reward its servants , they had no right on their own principles , to expect that these inchoate resolutions were to be acted upon . It was , therefore , most unjust to demand of the minister , that he should make that selection of offices for abolition , which the House had itself undertaken ; and it was his full justification that he had granted the place subject to the revision of parliament . He gave the hon . mover credit for his motives in bringing the question forward , but would vote against it , as it went to destroy the profits of an office , which office it left in existence , while the more proper mode of dealing with it would have been to decide , whether the office itself should or should not be abolished . passed the highest encomiums upon the personal character of colonel M'Mahon , and thought he had been greatly injured , if not insulted , by the appointment . It drew upon him a degree of obloquy both in that House and throughout the country , in consequence of the discussions which had taken place on the subject . The motives of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer he conceived to be very equivocal ; for if , at the time he recommended the appointment , he had any expectation of going out of power , then he must have intended to involve the Prince Regent solely in the consequences of such an appointment . said he should trouble the House with but few observations , as he had given his sentiments fully in the committee . He certainly had not expected to be charged with ill-treating , not only the Prince Regent and the country , but Colonel M'Mahon also . If it was enough to move the indignation of a gallant officer to be recommended to a lucrative situation as the reward of his services , he was afraid that he had incurred the indignation of 925 the gallant general also by recommending him to be governor of Berwick . ( A laugh ) . He must confess that his views of the question were totally different from those which had been taken by his hon . friend ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , and , therefore , he acted from a very different conviction . If he had anticipated any serious danger to the country from recommending to this appointment , he should certainly