by the crown , at different times , in large sums , and not in any regular proportion by the year ; and that these sums have been at the disposal of the crown without any interference and controul of parliament , although parliament had , during the whole course of that period , not only provided the supplies for the prosecution of the war , and raised the sums requisite for the internal administration of the country , but provided the supplies estimated to be necessary for the support of his Majesty 's household and family , and the dignity of the crown , and paid large sums for defraying such debts as had arisen in these departments : `` That this House taking these things into its consideration will forthwith proceed to enquire into the most fit and efficacious means of bringing the aforesaid Funds under the immediate controul of parliament , for the purpose of applying the same to the public service , and of providing such additional sums , if any , as may appear to be necessary to the maintenance of the household , and of the honour and dignity of the crown . '' rose to second the motion . When he looked to the manner in which ministers and the law-officers of the crown had supported the claim of the crown to the funds in question , he felt-alarmed , lest by any thing he might say he should weaken the argument which bad been so very ably Urged by his hon . and learned friend . It was , in his opinion , a doctrine almost axiomatical in the constitution , that this House ought to have the disposal of all the revenue of the crown . The temptation which led to an act of warfare prior to a declaration of war was very great ; but the power which it gave to ministers was such as to render it dangerous to the liberties of the people . He understood that there was a great sum of money arising from Droits of Admiralty , disposable at the will of the Prince Regent ; and he was determined not to give his vote for another shilling , till an account was laid before the House how that money had been applied . He would suppose that the Prince would not have the power to re-originate the bargain which had been spoken of as made in the commencement of his Majesty 's reign ; but still he thought , that during the period that he had been Regent , there must have fallen in a variety of items which ought to have been given credit for . If it should appear that no less than 250,000l . had accrued in that manner during that time , he thought that such sum , or whatever might be the real amount of it , ought to be accounted for to the public before any new demands were made on account of the expences of the Regency . He was satisfied , therefore , that the motion of his hon . and learned friend was strictly proper , and that a committee should be appointed to examine in what manner those sums were really applied . It was certainly a subject well worthy of the consideration of the House , that a fund which had amounted to so many millions should , be disposed of at the pleasure of the crown without any ac-count being rendered to parliament . He thought it was absolutely necessary to take this subject into their consideration , before the House could possibly form a judgment with respect to the civil list , whether it was sufficient or not ; and he , for one , was not willing to vote a single shilling more for the purposes of the civil list , without knowing how much of this fund might be properly applied to the purposes of that list . As this subject had been often under discussion , and as his hon . and learned 261 friend had entered so fully and so ably into the merits of the case