would be seldom found occasion to use a cat o'nine tails . Formerly much of the severity of military discipline arose from a suspicion ( too frequently well-grounded ) on the part of the soldiers that they were unfairly treated . A great portion however of the causes of this suspicion had been done away in the British army . Discontent therefore , and the offences to which it instigated , had diminished , and this horrible punishment was consequently rendered less necessary , if , indeed , it could ever be said to have been at all so . He was happy to hear this testimony to the 1268 efforts made to diminish those abuses by which the comforts of the private soldier had been so seriously invaded . In the 1st regiment of guards , he was told , it was in orders that the non-commissioned officers should not make any profit on money they were entrusted to expend for the use of the soldiers ; and this bore him out in the statement , that the contrary had formerly been the practice , though now there was little ground for suspicion that the interests of the soldier were unattended to . There was , however , some cause for censure in this respect , which he witnessed when he was in the Tower—the bread given to the men was of a bad quality , and they were under the necessity of purchasing other . There might , however , for ought he knew , have been an easy remedy for this inconveniency—still , even the utmost attention in these respects was not sufficient to sanction the continuance of the power of flogging , when they recollected that no one was answerable for the soldier but the surgeon , who was a party concerned . If the soldier died , there was no coroner sat upon him , and the surgeon was not even examined upon oath . He would be asked `` What will you substitute for the mode of punishment you take away—will you substitute death ? '' To this he would answer , that there were many intermediate steps of punishment that might be adopted . But were they sure that death at once would not be more humane , and perhaps not more fatal , than the system in use ? He knew from authority on which he could rely , that a few years ago , eight soldiers had died at Gibraltar in consequence of the severity of the punishment to which they had been exposed ; and if he was rightly informed , which he did not doubt , the officers who composed the court martial had refused to find a ninth man guilty as soon as they were aware of the fate , of the others . For this refusal they were superseded and sent over to England , but were soon after reinstated by the Commander-in-Chief . The surgeon had originally given in his report of the deceased soldiers— '' Died of punishment , '' but , for reasons not explained , had afterwards altered it to— '' Died of fever . '' The point to consider then was , if , under the existing military code , they did not kill more , and , at all events , render more useless , than even if they resorted to the punishment of death itself , for the commission of the higher crimes . But there were also other advantages which would arise out of the 1269 latter . Men would not condemn to the loss of life on light and inadequate grounds—they would weigh matters maturely and seriously , before they inflicted death ; but they would go on flogging for the life of the individual , without ever giving his case that deliberation and grave consideration it merited ; General Colburn , to whom he had already alluded , had declared his opinion , that the sentence was illegal which condemned a man to suffer more than he could endure at one time ; and he concurred with him , that it was as unjust as it was