was too well known to entertain a sufficient respect for ancient usages , and too warmly to admire established institutions , to be in any danger of meeting that resistance and difficulty , which any attempt at reformation proceeding from himself would probably encounter . The right hon . gentleman was sure of support , and had no obstacles to impede his progress . He hoped the House would not forego the opportunity now presented . This subject had long worn a suspicious aspect . He believed he was correct in stating that no alteration or legislative provision whatever had been enacted with respect to the spiritual courts , since the period of the reformation . What , then , was this sentence of excommunication ? It disqualified the party from taking the communion , it deprived him of the rights of Christianity , and incapacitated him either to give evidence , or commence a suit in any court of justice . The wretched woman whose case had been detailed , although not yet an adult , had been confined in jail two years among malefactors , and labouring under all her other misfortunes , was rendered incapable , in the case of violence offered to her person , from prosecuting the violater . Had a murder been committed in her sight , her evidence must have been rejected , and the crime have thus remained unpunished . A person in her situation was deprived of every civil right , and put out of the protection of the law ; and the country was deprived of those exertions , and of the performance of those duties , which otherwise it had a right to expect . In ancient times , the most enormous crimes alone were thus 311 visited ; but now , by the constitution of those courts , the sentence of excommunication applied to the non-payment of costs , or to the non-appearance of the party cited . This was so gross , that bishop Gibson in his Codex Juris Ecclesiastici Anglicani had complained of it . He observed , that punishing trivial offences in this way had brought the system into great disrepute . It appeared from the Journals of the House of Lords , that , on the 1st of April , 1606 , complaint was made of the abuse of this power , in a Message from the king . It was there stated , `` that his Majesty was informed of great abuses concerning excommunication granted by ecclesiastical officers , very often upon trivial matters . And though contempts generally of great or less quality , be punishable by the laws of the realm , according to their several natures ; yet , considering excommunication is the greatest censure that can be given , his Majesty holds the same unfit to be but in great-matters ; '' * and the Lord Chancellor , the then Attorney General , and Mr. Serjeant Crook , were directed to bring in a bill to rectify the abuse . That bill , however , had either never been prepared , or , if brought in , had never been passed ; and those evils which were complained of at that time , by this message , existed at the present moment . But why did they still exist ? —why were they not complained of ? Because the mischief fell exclusively on persons in the lowest situation of life . No one could dispute that the fair reputation of a woman was justly the subject of legal protection . But the coarse expression of an illiterate and low-bred woman , directed to another in the same line of life , was not fraught with those injurious consequences which the slander of the higher ranks of society , couched in courtly phrase , was likely to produce . Yet , if such a low character dropped an offensive expression , she was hurried to gaol , from whence there was no chance of liberation , except some humane person interfered and paid the costs.—He thought the language of the right hon . gentleman was misplaced , when in adverting