to excite such an expectation . He thought also that the hon . gentleman bad been a little unfortunate in his vehement declamation against sinecures ; for , it should be remembered , that he was himself the holder of a sinecure . There was , however , this difference between the two cases : in the one , the office had been granted as a reward for meritorious services , as a reward for actual and acknowledged merit , and in the other it had been bestowed upon the hon . member , when a school-boy . [ Here Mr. Fitzgerald said he would not proceed further in his remarks , because he had just perceived the hon . member not to be in his seat . ] In adverting to the hon . mover of the Amendment , he had no doubt that the praises he had so lavishly bestowed upon his right hon . friend the 921 Chancellor of the Exchequer were sincere ; but they seemed to him extraordinary , And he knew not how he could conscientiously affirm that he would repose confidence in the word of a minister whom he believed capable of insidiously , of obsequiously recommending to the Prince Regent the filling up of an office , merely that he might divide with him the obloquy of such a nomination . By what rules of candour did he attribute such motives to his right hon . friend ? Why did he estimate them with a degree of unfairness , which he surely would not like to have applied to his own motives on the present occasion ? This , however , he would say , in commendation of his right hon . friend , whose motives had been so severely aspersed , that he was the only man in the country , who , at the head of an administration , had never recommended to the crown the grant of a reversion . With respect to the office of Paymaster of Widows ' Pensions , he did not think the granting of it , in the way it was granted , an insult to parliament ; unless , indeed , the report of every committee , and even the report of a military commission , was to be regarded as a deliberate act of the legislature . The person to whom it had been given , was one whose merits all concurred to admit , and it had been justly observed by a right hon . gentleman on a former occasion , that he was a man who had won the confidence and regard , without ever abusing the ear of his prince . He thought that parliament ought not to be the sole and exclusive source of rewards , but that some power of remunerating faithful service should be lodged in the crown . The way , he observed , in which the present appointment had been granted , subject to such stipulations as had been specified , and not being held by such a tenure as general Fox held it , was a proof of the motives that led to the appointment ; and he would ask , if this was an insult to the House , or if , had it been otherwise granted , had it been granted with any securities for its retention , parliament could , consistently with its sense of justice , proceed as they were now competent to proceed ? —There was another question also , and that was , whether if the Vote of the House should , that night , pronounce the subtraction of the fees to the Paymaster of Widows ' Pensions , any essential economical reform would be effected ? He thought not . The object of the Amendment , indeed , had not all that merit in it which was commonly sup- 922 posed—he alluded to what appeared in the public prints : it was not to give 2,000l . more to the Widows , but merely to save 2,000l . Under such circumstances , he should certainly vote against the Amendment . , in explanation , said ,