would be led by men of great property and distinction ; men who were already disposed to venerate the constitution of the country , and to guard the stake which they possessed in the advantages of her free and happy government . By granting this measure , they would give those men a greater weight with the lower orders ; but , by pursuing a contrary course , they would disoblige the great , without benefiting the inferior , and throw the guidance of those minds into the hands of villains , who wished for confusion : by granting this measure , they would act in the most politic manner with regard to the whole mass of the Irish Catholics ; for surely it was impossible that a great body of people should not be more pleased with the government which placed them upon equal footing with their fellow subjects , than with one which had thought proper 430 to draw distinctions to their disadvantage and to its own disgrace . It was impossible that it should be otherwise while men were men . The individuals who at present governed the minds and passions of the lower orders of the Catholic community , were perpetually dinging in their ears that they were oppressed . The doing away of all disqualifications was the way to surmount this difficulty , and to remove this pretence . The Roman Catholics , he agreed , ought to feel , that they had obtained more relief from their present monarch than Since the Reformation ; but if there was something more which it was the interest of the public to give them , he did not see why that should be refused ; The laws of the country encouraged them to enter into its service in the army and navy ; but if in that situation they were to be sent to England , they were subject to penalties for their religion . Was this no hardship to them ? Was this no disgrace to us ? Would it not have disgraced the worst of times , and the basest and roost disturbed of revolutionary governments ? The fact was , that as the law now stood , they were liable to informations on this account , and the reason that informations were not given , was because we were ashamed of our own act , because it was so contrary to reason , to justice , and to the feelings of Englishmen , that out of the very dregs of the people— ( for dregs there must be in all countries ) —there could not be found one so vile as to avail himself of the power . He would have them to give the Catholic laity all they asked . It was right they should have it . They had already done too much to retract , and if they did not mean to do more , they were unwise in having done half so much . He agreed with the noble viscount who spoke last in disapproving of the late conduct of the Catholics , but if the Catholics had acted inconsistently , was that any reason why we should punish ourselves ? He agreed with the noble viscount that it was necessary to have an established religion , but he could not allow that the refusal of those claims formed a proper foundation for the existence of that establishment . A strong idea had gone forth , that the illustrious person now at the head of the government , was favourable to this measure ; and if ministers had taken any steps to advise the contrary , they were wrong . He hoped that they would see the expediency of satisfying the mind of that country , and asserting the character of this , 431 by removing the disabilities under which so great a portion of the community at present laboured . said , that the subject , which , had been presented to the attention of their lordships , was worthy to engage it . The state of the affairs of Ireland was so intimately connected with the general prosperity