his anxiety to correct a misrepresentation he was sorry to have seen in the papers , of what he was reported to have stated in answer to the 1259 assertion , that an order had been issued to his royal highness the Prince Regent 's regiment to exclude the admission of Irishmen . Being aware that there were some grounds for such statement , he did not at the time take upon himself to contradict it fully ; but he was now enabled to state , from the highest authority , that no order of the kind had ever been issued . He admitted that the recruiting officers had received instructions from the commanding officer , col. Quintin , to enlist Englishmen in preference to Irish , and if any blame was to be attached to him for this , he begged , as far as his own opinion went of the propriety , to take his share . He had not stated , as reported , that his objection had been on account of the Irish deserting to the enemy ; on the contrary , no one was more convinced than himself , in common , he believed , with every other British officer , of the loyalty , courage , and fidelity of the Irish . What he did state was , that the description of Irish they met with in this country were liable to desert , which was a reason for objecting to them ; and to prove that his regiment entertained no national prejudice , they objected in the same manner , to various classes of their own countrymen—to ail Londoners , and inhabitants of manufacturing towns , and confined their recruits to that class of persons brought up to agricultural pursuits ; for they found that Irishmen , and those of their own country , who were not in early life accustomed to the care of horses , made bad grooms—and thought the best infantry were objectionable as cavalry . He therefore trusted these reasons would clear his regiment of all suspicion of the motive which had been attributed to it . He would add , that this system was not confined ( as had been stated ) to his own regiment and the 15th , but that it was pursued by every English cavalry regiment in the service . He would only add , to prove that he never objected to Irishmen who were well recommended , and still less that he preferred foreigners , that the number of Irish then in the regiment exceeded that of the foreigners : and that the amount of the latter did not exceed thirty , out of a complement of nearly nine hundred . He concluded by observing , that it was an unpleasant subject , and that he should not have taken a part in the debate of last night , had he not felt called upon to do justice to a brother officer , than whom , he believed , there was not a more deserving man in the service , and to whom 1260 that credit for its appearance and discipline , which he trusted was not unworthily bestowed on the regiment , was due . rose to point out some clauses which seemed to him very objectionable . He thought the present prevailing practice , with respect to private Poor Bills , very faulty . Instead of that uniformity of system , both as to maintenance and punishment , which ought to exist through all parts of the country , every new Bill proposed some different project . The system was not national but parochial , and a different administration of criminal law was to be found in the different parishes . In some places the punishment was corporeal—in others , imprisonment—in others very slight , being a mere change of diet . Bills of this sort , being of a private nature , seldom attracted much of the public attention , and it was only by accident that he had become acquainted with those provisions of the present Bill , to which he now objected as destructive of that sameness which