, the Exchequer bills fall to 5 or 6 per cent . discount and be returned upon the government , who would thus receive only their own paper in payment of taxes , instead of 689 money ? As to what had been stated by the noble earl , that only 70 millions of unredeemed debt had been incurred , it would be found , probably , that that was owing to the provident cares of others , in some of the years of the war ; and that if the latter years of the war were looked into , the expenditure would not redound much to the credit of the noble lords opposite . He was satisfied that the whole system of the finances of the country must very soon undergo a minute revision , and become the subject of most serious consideration . moved the order of the day for the third reading of the King 's Household Bill , and observed , that he would now take the opportunity of explaining the subject with reference to the three Bills on the table , all forming part of the same arrangement , namely , the King 's Household Bill , the Household Officers Bill , and the Regency Expences Bill . His lordship then adverted to what had passed in the last session of parliament when the Regency was under consideration , and observed , that whatever opinions might be entertained of the improbability of the King 's recovery , they must nevertheless legislate upon the possibility of his recovering , so as to resume the exercise of the royal authority . His lordship then explained the object of the Bills , to appropriate 100,000l . for a Household for the King , and to the support of his dignity and personal comfort ; together with 60,000l . the amount of the King 's Privy Purse , and 10,000l . to the Queen , to meet incidental expences , making together 170,000l . To meet this charge , the Prince of Wales had consented to give up to the civil list from his Exchequer income 50,000l . and 70,000l . was proposed to be voted by parliament , making 120,000l . leaving a deficiency in the civil list , as transferred to the Prince Regent , of 50,000l . with , however , a considerable difference of expence , as his Majesty 's expenditure had of course been considerably increased by the largeness of his family . The noble earl concluded , by expressing his regret that the question respecting the increase of the expenditure of the civil list had not on former occasions been fairly met , instead of resorting to the mode of making good the deficiency out of other funds , convinced as he was , that if the question had been brought forward , it must have been 690 evident that the increase of the expenditure was unavoidable , and that it was no more , than must have been felt by every person from his own private expenditure , and could not be avoided . observed , that the Bill was such that he could not entirely approve of , although he was perfectly aware of the difficulty attending a task in making a provision for a case so new and distinct from any former situation of things . He agreed with the noble Secretary of State , that it was an essential object for their lordships to have in view , that the arrangement to be formed was not in its nature necessarily permanent , and that as their hopes had been hitherto unhappily disappointed , so their fears might be agreeably undeceived . His first objection to the plan now submitted was , that it was intricate , involved , and obscure , whereas in his opinion , on such an occasion , it ought not merely to be clear and intelligible , but so clear and intelligible , that every man in the kingdom could understand it . He was not prepared to argue the question of the Bill on the principle of the sufficiency or excess of the particular