further provision for the chaplains in the navy . From various causes the original fund had become quite inadequate to the due support and maintenance of this class of persons . There were now in the whole service but thirty-nine chaplains , and he was persuaded the House would coincide with him , that religious advice and consolation were not less requisite to our naval forces than to other men . The schoolmasters ' fund had become equally inadequate ; and it was therefore his intention to propose 30,000l . for the purpose of making a more suitable provision . This plan was to unite the two employments , and to give 265l . per annum to each individual fulfilling the duties of both , which , with the ether incidental advantages , might perhaps be deemed a sufficient remuneration . After serving ten years in what was called a sea-going ship , they should be entitled to a pay of 5s . per day , and to retain it 886 until they should enjoy church preferment equal to 400l . per annum . He should trouble the House no further at present , but move , `` That it is the opinion of this committee , that a sum , not exceeding 1,038,514l . 3s . 2d . be granted to his Majesty , for defraying the salaries and contingent expences of the admiralty , navy pay , navy and victualling-offices and dock-yards , also of the officers of the out-ports and foreign yards , the wages and victuals to officers and ship-keepers of vessels in ordinary , the expenses of harbour mooring , and rigging , the ordinary repairs of ships and buildings in the dockyards , and bounty to chaplains , for the year 1812 . '' said , that he did not rise to give any opposition to the motion , because he considered the estimates quite unexceptionable ; he wished merely to allude to some petitions which he had thought it his duty some time since to lay before the House , and which came from the working-people in several of his Majesty 's dockyards . They chiefly complained of the hardship of being charged with the Income tax ; and although he himself had no opinion one way or the other of the justice of so charging them , yet he hoped that government would take their case into consideration . assured the hon . gentleman , that he was quite misinformed with respect to the situation of the shipwrights in his Majesty 's dock-yards : they complained without reason , and government could not help men who chose to be perverse . He hoped , however , that that good sense which was the characteristic of Englishmen , would teach those people to be contented under the circumstances of their station in life . What reason had they more than any other of his Majesty 's subjects to be exempted from the Income-tax ? was obliged to the right hon . gentleman for his explanation , which he would communicate to the petitioners , who were men of sense , not at all inclined to be perverse . observed , that in the estimates he saw no statement of the expence of the establishment formed some years ago in Portsmouth yard , for melting and re-manufacturing copper sheathing . In any observations he might make upon the subject , he did not mean to impute any blame whatever either to the Admiralty or the Navy board ; but having been in the dock-yard at Portsmouth last summer , he had inspected the 887 copper sheathing made there , and did not hesitate to say , that it was of a quality that would have caused its rejection by any private ship builders in the kingdom ; he had also reason to believe that this inferior article cost the public much more than good copper could have been obtained from the private manufactories of the kingdom . said , the copper which the hon . gentleman had seen , was copper taken off the bottoms of ships which had been sheathed with contract copper