With regard to the peculiar merits of lord Minto , it was unnecessary to confirm what had been already so ably urged as to his lordship 's merits in planning and arranging the subjugation of these islands . He admitted that the talents and judgment of commodore Rowley could not be too much praised , and he was glad that under Divine Providence , we had innumerable examples of a similar kind ; yet it was not to be supposed that this circumstance only had effected the conquest of the Mauritius . No ; to the talents of lord Minto Great-Britain was mainly indebted . Surely it was no small praise to say of the governor-general that he had forestalled , as it were , the wishes of his government . Was it no merit to a man to say that , at the very instant instructions arrived to make preparations for an important attempt , all the arrangements had been made , and , that the expedition was ready to sail ? At least , it was but justice to say , that he had done more than even the most sanguine could expect.—The right hon . gent . who spoke last , had alluded to some transactions in Corsica . What they , were , he was perfectly ignorant ; but this he knew , that they had no bearing upon the present question : the ( rue point to be considered was , whether there was any danger at all in lord Minto 's leaving ' the seat of government ? What was to prevent him ? Were there 140 commotions in Bengal ? No , Was his presence required at that particular period ? No . Was his presence required at Java ? Undoubtedly it was most important , not only to the success of the expedition , but to the future settlement of the conquered island . Sir Samuel Auchmuty must have been comparatively ignorant of the intentions of the governor : whether it was intended merely to take military possession , or whether it was to be retained as a colony to be , attached to the mother country : whether military or civil magistrates should be appointed ; and a vast variety of other points , to decide upon which any person but the governor-general was incompetent . Under these circumstances he hoped the House would feel , that had his lordship remained in Bengal , he would have been deficient in a necessary and important part of his duty.—Much had been said on what , to his mind , was a most conspicuous instance of high desert in lord Minto , namely , that he procured the expedition to sail , although admiral Drury had at first expressed his opinion to the contrary . It was true that sir S. Auchmuty was of the same sentiment , and yet that lord Minto , by explaining to those gallant officers a new course of navigation to the west of Borneo , had convinced them that the expedition could sail , and reach its destination before the setting in of the S. W. winds ; for it ought to be known , that while the expedition was only in con ; templation , lord Minto had employed a captain Gregg , of great experience , to try the soundings of the new course by the Caramalla , and by shewing his report to admiral Drury and sir S. Auchmuty , they were convinced that the project was practicable . What then became of this ground of objection against the noble lord ? A passage , through which before only small vessels had proceeded , was discovered , through which 100 sail might proceed with security . Under these circumstances , he trusted that the House would differ from the right hon . gentleman , and bestow the tribute of gratitude which distinguished , services so justly merited . Before he sat down , he begged to refer to what had been stated , that at one time after the city of Batavia had been captured , the enter prize was found to be so