that the outworks were of little avail , and that it required a garrison of 4,000 men . The garrison which it contained , however , when attacked by the British , did not exceed 1,500 in number . The place was assaulted by 12,000 troops , and as a proof of its weakness lord Wellington himself said in his dispatches , that the feint , which was not meant actually to operate , had really succeeded in taking the place . ( Hear , hear ! ) Gentlemen cried `` Hear , hear ! '' What he had stated might shew valour in the troops ; but it was a strong proof of the weakness of the place . To 875 lay such stress on a victory like that , to ring the bells and fire the guns for it , was to shew the country to be in a most fallen and degraded situation . In another quarter the French had achieved considerable advantages . Suchet had conquered Tarragona , Murviedro , Valencia and other important places , and in the course of the campaign , had sent to France 47,000 prisoners , including 2,000 officers , among whom were Blake and some of the most distinguished individuals in the Spanish army . Badajos , notwithstanding the evident anxiety of the British general to relieve it , had fallen . In the attempt to succour that place , 12,000 men had been lost at the battle of Albuera.— ( Hear , hear ! ) He presumed that his statement was an exaggeration.— ( Hear , hear ! ) At any rate lord Wellington had been compelled to retreat . And yet of how much greater importance was Badajoz than Ciudad Rodrigo ! The former only 120 miles from Lisbon , and the access to that city easy and unmolested ; the latter 320 miles distant from it , and the approach guarded by formidable passes . Badajos , however , had been left to its fate by lord Wellington , and we ought to balance accounts with him . A pension of 2,000l . had been conferred upon him before the loss of that important place , but it had not been withdrawn since the loss . The joy manifested on the reduction of Ciudad Rodrigo , was for the purpose of public delusion ; but even had that fortress been of much greater importance , he thought few would contend that its reduction would materially influence the final issue of the war in Spain . In the mean while if the people of England were to pay so dearly for such advantages , as they were termed , the sooner that war was ever the better . He was decidedly hostile to the war , as a cheat upon the country , professing as it did to be for other objects , while it really went to support bigotry and despotism . There was one fact which , in his opinion , was decisive with respect to the probable termination of the contest . It was notorious , that wherever the English had power in Spain , the Inquisition was established ; wherever the French had power , that detestable institution existed no longer . Was that the kind of liberty which Englishmen were called upon to maintain with their blood and treasure ? He had already described what in his opinion would be sufficient grounds for rejecting the motion ; but his 876 strongest and most insuperable objection remained behind—the state of the people of England . Driven to desperation by the oppressiveness of the taxes , and the general stagnation of trade , was this a season for loading them with additional burdens ? In his opinion it would be most indefensible to grant such a sum from the public revenue , at a moment when the situation of the empire had forced itself on the consideration of parliament ; and when parliament had been able to devise no better means of counteracting the effects of hunger and despair , than by increasing the number of capital punishments . The people called for relief ,