blame against the persons who had conducted the negociation , a length to which he was by no means prepared to go . The discussion , in itself , would be harmless ; for , in a few days , the subject would be agitated on another motion ; but , in his opinion , if the papers were granted , it would be a sort of prejudgment of the question respecting the Orders in Council ? He was one of those who voted against the Orders in the first instance , but still he did not think that the high ground of morality which was taken by some who objected to them , was altogether candid.—It was now at least doubtful whether they had been advantageous , or the contrary , in their practical effects ; and if it should be found that they had supported the maritime rights of England , without the maintenance of which rights it was impossible for England to exist as a nation , he would then conceive himself right in altering his original opinion concerning them . A great part of the question was , whether the Orders in Council did not prevent America from carrying continental produce into competition with ours in the South American and colonial markets : and he hoped that when the merits of those Orders in 792 Council should come to be discussed , those members who were connected with trade would lay before the House all the information and all the facts in their possession , and thereby enable parliament to form a solemn and fair judgment upon them . said , that he differed totally from the hon . member for Yorkshire in giving his confidence to the minister . So far , indeed , was he from placing confidence in the minister , that , not to speak of a measure of such vital importance as that of peace or war , he was not disposed to place the slightest reliance on him even in the most trivial matters . Let the House , by conceding the motion of his hon . friend , shew to the American people that the great body of the House of Commons were really actuated by the true spirit of conciliation . He deprecated a war with America ; and recommended conciliation in our counsels at home , not only towards that country , but towards Ireland , an integral part of the empire . He agreed with the hon . member for Devonshire ( Mr. Bastard ) , that war was preferable to humiliation . No brave man—no man living under an arbitrary , much less a free government , could hesitate on the subject ; but he conjured them not to let passion and prejudice force them into an unnecessary and ruinous war . He would say most solemnly and most sincerely , that if he were to judge between the two countries , he should be obliged to vote against his own ; he should be forced to say , that England had acted most tyrannically and unjustly to America . The rights which the minister claimed for England were those of plunderers ; and Englishmen , great with the spirit of their constitution , ought to tell him , that they would not act like plunderers in compliance with his tyrannical policy . The motion for these papers was a most praise-worthy owe . After what had fallen from the right hon . gentleman , how could the House and the country expect a peaceful termination of the differences with America ? That right hon . gentleman had said , `` I wish for peace ; but if we have war , I do not think it will be so fatal as some gentlemen suppose , although of course it must be attended with some disadvantages and inconveniences . '' Disadvantages and inconveniencies ! Was that the way to treat such a serious subject ! The man who could speak of the calamities of war so lightly was set worthy of filling a high 793 office in the government of any country . The member