advantage would arise from making the crime a misdemeanor , he conceived that the punishment of transportation would be a sufficient ground of terror , as it regarded those who might be disposed to commit this description of crime . The hon . gentleman also seemed to imagine that the Bill would tend to make individuals more lax and careless ; but he did not apprehend that such a consequence would follow , and be was of opinion that the attention of those individuals whom the Bill regarded , would be awakened more to a sense of duty than by any possible attention of those to whom property-belonged . Besides , he apprehended it would he impracticable to make a law obliging persons to be more attentive to their property . The necessity of some measure like the present , appeared more strongly , from two recent instances : but his hon . friend could not be charged justly with legislating on the spur of the moment , as neither the case of Mr. Walsh nor any other recent failure , pointed out the necessity of a legislative enactment , more than what had occurred for many years to the ruin of several individuals , and no doubt existed in any one 's mind of the enormity of the offence . He conceived , that the present measure would have the most beneficial effects in causing an inquiry also into the practicability of making all the offences under this denomination rank as misdemeanors . On the whole , the Bill had his full concurrence : in the committee , it would unquestionably require all the attention of professional 946 gentlemen to see that the purport of it was carried into effect . agreed with the right hon . gentleman who spoke last , that they were not legislating on an individual instance ; for there were , unfortunately , but too many instances attended with sufficient distress to call , on the legislature for a remedy . He had , however , doubts of the expediency of the present measure . There was a danger lest they should overstep a salutary line in legislation , by attempting to do for individuals what individuals ought to do for themselves , and carrying penal laws to such an extent as to place mankind in a state of tutelage . The act against servants differed from the present ; for it did not create a substantive class of offences , but merely reduced a particular offence within the head of felony which , by legal subtlety , could not be considered as such . He had seen the present Bill , which he believed to be drawn up with great care ; but there was one observation he could not help making respecting it , that its provisions extended to all sorts of property entrusted to another . Now , when he recollected the amount of the property held in trust in this country , he was afraid of the effect it might have in depriving the courts of equity of the power of affording redress in cases of abuse of trust , from the principle of a person not being obliged to state what might criminate himself . In this manner the present Bill might introduce more insecurity into property than could be compensated for by any benefit which it might in other respects produce . , while he expressed the obligation which he felt as a merchant , to the hon . gentleman who introduced this measure to the attention of the House , yet feared that the great difficulty which would occur was in the distinguishing common commercial trusts , and trusts on deposit . The case of Mr. Walsh , however heinous , he conceived it impossible to provide against . In the case of common commercial trusts a sum was deposited with the merchant , who entered it on his books , and the money went into circulation . Whatever difficulties might arise in this and other points , he thought the commercial world much indebted to the hon . gentleman . spoke in favour of the Bill