of power in the elective franchise , & c and why do you refuse them the semblance ? To this he would reply , that it never was foreseen by those who framed these measures , that such an argument could have been raised upon them ; and that instead of being satisfied with the boons for their own value , they should only be considered as the grounds for further claims and more extended pretensions . He would mention one point more relative to religious prejudices . It had been charged to gentlemen on his side of the House , that they had raised the cry of No Popery ; and a most serious charge it was , although altogether unsupported . But he would ask , on the other hand , whether or no pains had not been taken to inflame the passions of Catholics ? And whether Liberty of Conscience had not been made the watch-word of a party ? In giving his vote , however , on the present occasion , he would by means pledge himself with regard to the . Catholic question , but merely give his negative to a motion which , in the present instance , was at least unnecessary . said that in giving his most hearty consent to every principle so eloquently illustrated , and to every argument so ably enforced , in the speech of 552 the noble mover , he could not but express his sincere joy at the circumstances under which the question itself was brought forward . He rejoiced at seeing a proposition laid before that House , which would again bring under its contemplation , and that of the country , a subject , which he was sure the of tener it was discussed would be the nearer its attainment . I am convinced , said the noble lord , that , by the inter course being uninterruptedly maintained between the Irish Catholics and this House , it will establish a mutual confidence between them , it will give additional weight to their claims , and will give the surest earnest to the country of their intention , to pursue , firmly , moderately and legitimately , the great object they have in view . And this effect seems already in part to be produced . A right hon . and learned gentleman ( Sir John Nicholl ) who spoke early in the debate , seemed to take for granted a conviction on the part of the people of the impossibility of the Catholic claims ever being granted , and referred as a proof of his assertion to the absence of all Anti-catholic Addresses from your table . I will inform that right hon . and learned gentleman , that he will not have the nakedness of that table long to complain of . It is at this moment , I believe , matter of notoriety that petitions in favour of the admission of the Catholics to a participation of rights with themselves , is even now , every hour , and every where in Ireland , receiving the signatures of incalculable numbers of the Protestant population of that country , clergy , as well as gentry and freeholders , ( Hear ! hear ! ) I rejoice at this period being fixed for the discussion of such a question . First , because the Irish Catholic will see that , from the new shape the question has assumed , the united parliament is disposed to watch with tenderness and anxiety over his interests , without being as it were forced to the discussion of them by a petition being brought up to your table ; and , secondly , because that circumstances of time , circumstances of event but above all , because the conduct of the Irish government itself have now rendered the interference of parliament imperatively necessary . And what has the conduct the Irish government been ? It saw a spirit , and I should be tempted to say a most noble and praiseworthy spirit , spreading itself throughout Catholic Ireland ; a spirit , however , which they conceived ,