Petitioners have been prevented , from the want of any fund whatever , parliament having always been pleased to reject the applications of the Petitioners for aid , on the ground that local improvements should be provided for by local taxation , a principle , the benefit of which , in its application to the subject of the present Petition , they now humbly seek from the House ; with the remaining third part of the emoluments , the Petitioners would engage to render the weigh-master 's office more effective than it ever has been hitherto ; and the Petitioners beg leave to refer , for the truth of the above allegations , to the records of the Irish parliament , humbly trusting that , when the original invasion of 1173 their rights is called to mind , and when it is considered that the restoration of those rights will unite private justice with public advantage , without the possibility of injury to any one of his Majesty 's subjects , the House will be pleased , by whatever act may be introduced to continue or amend the last mentioned act of the 40th year of his present Majesty , to restore the appointment of weigh-master of Cork to its former possessors , the Petitioners undertaking to apply the emoluments arising there from in the manner aforesaid , or in any other manner that may be pointed out as more consonant to the purposes of public utility . '' observed , that in consequence of the conversation which had passed between him and the hon . gentleman ( Mr. Wynn ) on the last evening , respecting the Lord Steward of the Household , he had inquired , and found that very considerable doubts were entertained that the oaths taken by members before the deputy and the other officers would not be valid , and consequently their seats would be void . That being the case , he should propose to bring in a Bill to indemnify those persons who had acted , not from any wish to infringe the law , but through ignorance . The House , under these circumstances , he hoped , would have no objection , when the Bill was brought in , to pass it through with as much rapidity as possible , in order that no inconvenience might arise . was convinced that there was no neglect to be imputed to the members for taking their seats , none on the part of the commissioners for administering the oaths , but that the neglect had been on the part of those who did not recommend the filling up of the office of Lord Steward much earlier . directed the messenger who served the notice for attendance , to be called to the Bar . the messenger , then appeared at the bar . Did you serve the order on Mr. Walsh yesterday ? Yes , Sir . At what hour ? At eleven o'clock yesterday morning . Did you see him ? Yes , Sir . I saw him . —I have now to inform the House , that I have received another Letter from Mr. Walsh , stating , `` his physical inability to appear to-day , or to face the House on this occasion ; his hope that his former letters may be read , in which he does not mean to justify but only to palliate his offence ; and his desire that the House will now proceed to decide on his case . '' then rose and observed , that in bringing forward , which he should do , a charge of a most serious nature against a member of that House , followed up as it would be by the severest punishment which the House could inflict , he should think himself highly blameable if he proceeded in such a manner as to set a precedent , which in future times might place an innocent man in trouble , and open the door to ground enquiries into individual transactions between man and man , by creating inquisitorial powers in that House to examine into their private concerns ;