was a blow to the enemy which he did not expect . It was not conceived possible that Ciudad Rodrigo could have been taken in 11 days . The calculation made upon scientific rules was , that it might hold out for 24 or 25 days . Lord Wellington , however , was aware of the importance of rapidity , and the most unparalleled exertions were made , which were happily crowned with success . The enemy had not the slightest expectation of such an event , and he knew that marshal Marmont calculated in being in good time on the 29th of January to relieve the place—for which purpose the French commander was collecting troops from different quarters , and to do this necessarily weakened the force in other parts.—Whether , therefore , they considered the importance of the place itself , the indefatigable exertions used to achieve its capture in so short a time , or the importance of the success with a view to further operations which were planned by lord Wellington , he thought their lordships must agree that the commander and the army deserved their thanks . Whatever opinions there might exist as to the policy of our operations in Portugal , he thought there could be no difference of opinion as to the skill and ability of the commander in chief , or the bravery and spirit of the army which he commanded : Justice , as well-as policy , demanded that they should uphold the honour and the character of our commanders and our armies . To do this was true policy ; for let it not be forgotten , that to our officers and to our army , who so skilfully and so bravely defended Portugal and defeated the enemy , we most be indebted , if the necessity should arise , for the defence of our own shores . His lordship concluded by moving the Thanks of the House to general lord viscount Wellington , for the skill , ability , and indefatigable exertions , and consummate wisdom manifested by him in the siege of Ciudad Rodrigo . rose and said : Sir ; in consequence of the notice which I gave a few days ago , I rise to call the attention of the House to a subject well deserving its distinguished notice , the conduct of lord Wellington and the troops tinder his orders , at the late capture of the important fortress of Ciudad Rodrigo , and of suggesting to it the propriety of marking this achievement with its warmest thanks and most sincere approbation . Although some doubt may be entertained , whether the consummate skill , industry , adroitness , and judgment of the commander in chief , or the energy , gallantry , and zeal of the forces have reflected the greatest honour on British arras ; yet I am persuaded there will be no difference of opinion in according that these two circumstances united , cast a splendour round the laurels of the allied troops , which will fully entitle them on this occasion to that proud distinction which they have frequently received before from parliament , and will raise for them claims to new distinctions , if I may so express myself , to add yet further lustre to the brilliancy of their glory . I believe that the precedents are rare ( perhaps this is the only one ) , in which an enterprise of this kind has been made the subject of particular pot ice by the House , but . I am confident the House will feel that there are on this occasion circumstances of such a nature as to render the propriety of it obvious , and even to justify a Vote of Thanks , had it been a solitary instance in which they had been conferred . 708 The House is doubtless aware of the transactions which occurred during the short period which was occupied in performing this brilliant exploit , and therefore I will only notice them generally . On the 8th January , lord Wellington completely invested , and on the same day broke ground ,