have abstained from doing so . He could , however , see no danger in giving the place , on the express understanding that the continuance of it was as fully open to the determination of parliament after the appointment , as it was before . It must be remembered that he had opposed those resolutions which had been so often alluded to ; and it was also to be recollected that they were mere resolutions of committees upon which parliament had not thought proper to proceed . When it was said , that a committee thirty years ago recommended the abolition of this place , he should consider the length of time rather an argument the other way , as it shewed clearly that parliament , during all that time , had not thought proper to act upon those resolutions . It , therefore , was too much to say , that it was the duty of ministers to act at all times in conformity to a resolution of a committee , which if it came to be discussed in that House , would possibly not be adopted . One hon . gentleman had conceived that he ought to have given the appointment to some political friend of his own , instead of selecting as he had done a gallant officer who had gained the favour of the Prince by faithful services for twenty or thirty years . Now , although many seemed disposed to argue that those places should only be the reward of political services of a civil nature , he was ready to maintain an opinion directly contrary . He would not allow it to be constitutional doctrine that every thing was to come through parliament , and nothing from the favour of the crown . He was convinced that there was no man who would say that such services as colonel M'Mahon 's ought not , in some way or another , to be rewarded . He always conceived that there was nothing improper in the crown having the power of rewarding services by sinecure places ; and it had been allowed on all hands , that if even the sinecures were abolished some other fund must be provided , in order to preserve to the crown its prerogative of re- 926 warding services : and when he spoke of the constitutional prerogative of the crown in this respect , he thought that the question of services might be somewhat mixed with the consideration of the personal favour of the sovereign ; and he was not afraid to say , that he thought it right that the crown should have the prerogative of conferring certain places not merely as a reward of services which parliament could take cognizance of , but in some instances , as acts of grace and favour , independent of any consideration of important services , either civil or military . He had often stated to the House his opinion respecting those sinecure places , and he did not see why he was , bound to recommend the abolition of this particular sinecure more than any other . The question of sinecures generally , and of this particular sinecure , as well as , any other , was still open to the discussion of parliament at any time ; and he was convinced that there was nothing in this appointment , under all its circumstances , which could at all prevent parliament from freely discussing either sinecures generally , or this sinecure in particular , and determining as they might think proper . declared , that he had never heard a sarcasm more misplaced than that with which the right hon . gentleman began his speech . Was he acting in the conscientious discharge of his duty , when he gave the government of Berwick to his gallant friend near him , or was he not ? Was it in reward of meritorious services , or was it with a view to parliamentary support ? He would say , that the right hon . gentleman had seldom given more proper advice than when he advised the appointment of his hon .