upon reference to the statute book , he saw no act that prevented the meeting of the people by delegates to prepare a petition to parliament . It had been said , indeed , that `` under the pretence '' meant the same thing as `` for the purpose '' —and to justify this construction , they had referred to a statute of Charles 2 , to times when laws were made for the purpose of 608 entrapping the ignorant and the unwary ; and bringing them under the power of the executive government . But he contended , that the words of laws intended for the people must be taken in their ordinary acceptation , and that it was not sufficient for him to be told by a lawyer , that , in statutes passed in bad times , words had been construed differently from their ordinary acceptation ; but , if there could be any doubt as to the real meaning of the law , it must be solved on a reference to the concluding proviso , `` That nothing herein contained shall be construed in any wise to prevent or impede the right of the subject to petition ; '' and how , he would ask , could an immense body of people prepare a petition , except by choosing a few , in whom they confided , for carrying that object into effect ? In conclusion , he observed , that he really did not know how to give expression to the sense which he entertained of the magnitude of this question ; convinced , as he was , that the crisis of this country is at hand ; and that nothing could save it , but the cordial cooperation of all ranks and descriptions of the people . Let them not apply the flattering unction to their souls , that they may stifle or call up this subject at their pleasure . Let them remember that , by endeavouring to get rid of the question for an indefinite time , some putting it off for ever , and others doing what amounted nearly to the same thing—they estranged from the government a great portion of the population . He besought the House to consider how much might depend on the decision of that night.—Upon the temper which they displayed , either to receive the Catholics into the pale of the constitution , or to shut the door against them , would rest no less a stake than this—success or failure in the struggle , which was fast approaching , for their existence as a nation . I would , said the right hon . baronet , impress upon this House what I myself deeply and sincerely feel . In the few short and fleeting months which compose the present session of parliament , the doom of the British empire , will , I fear , be sealed ; if her four millions of Catholic subjects be not by a full admission into every civil capacity embodied with the constitution , and for the constitution , this empire must fall . It is idle to talk of this as a question of time , or to suppose that the great mass of Irish population are to be told by those who admit the justice of their claims , it is not yet time to discharge 609 the debt ; bat that when with perfect absence of irritation , or properly speaking , absence of feeling , they approach as humble petitioners , it may possibly be thought fit to concede that which ought never to have been with held . I implore the House to pause before it embraces such fatal doctrines , and at once to pursue that course which is the road of justice and of safety . thought the question might be divided into two parts ; the one political , the other religious . With respect to the political part , it had been stated , that in case of the passing of the measure , one half of the members might be Roman Catholics ; but though it was possible the