hazardous , that lord Minto had it in contemplation to resign the attempt , On what authority such a statement was made , his majesty 's ministers new not , but certain it was that such information had come to their know- 141 ledge . On the whole , he did not despair that even the right hon . gentleman over the way would be convinced by what he had said , and that the vote of thanks to lord Minto would be carried without a dissentient voice . objected to the vote of thanks to lord Minto , because he conceived that noble lord to have done little , if indeed he had done any thing , which could entitle him to so high an honour . Perhaps he rather deserved censure for some of the acts which had marked his visit to Java , one especially of which was to give freedom to all the slaves the moment lie arrived ; a proceeding which he could not but condemn , as they were the most blood-thirsty fellows imaginable . The hon . baronet then read some extracts from a private letter , which he had received from India , the purport of which extracts was to cast a portion of blame upon some of the actions of lord Minto , and he concluded by submitting to the House , whether they could , with any propriety , pass a vote of thanks to his lordship ; though at the same time , he was entirely of opinion that every praise should be bestowed upon the gallant achievements of general Auchmuty and the army serving under him . ridiculed the idea of a man of sir S. Auchmuty 's abilities being sent out on an expedition with a nurse to superintend him . The House need not refer to the Deputies of the French Convention alone , to convince them of the impolicy of setting civil masters over military commanders , for if they looked to the wars of prince Eugene and the duke of Marlborough , the same fact was rendered most evident . Neither , in later days , could he think the sailing of far-famed sir William Curtis from the Downs , had any good effect en the Walcheren expedition . He bestowed a high panegyric on sir S. Auchmuty , to whose decision and temerity in , attacking Fort Cornelis , together with the valour of the army , he attributed the salvation of the whole force . On this ground he would give his negative to the vote of thanks to lord Minto , as decidedly as He would with satisfaction give his affirmative to the other votes . , after the discussion that had already taken place , would not occupy much of the time of the House , and the more so as there had been expressed no difference of opinion with regard to the melitary merit of the expeditions in question . 142 But since the subject had been started , he felt himself bound to state his reasons for considering lord Minto as justly entitled to their thanks . He then entered into a defence of lord Minto 's conduct on those points wherein he had been attacked . He justified his leaving his government , by the greatness of the occasion , and the example of many former governors , who , according to the system pursued in that quarter , were frequently in the habit of going out of their jurisdiction for far less important purposes . As for his lordship 's voyage being connected with a controlling superintendance over the military , no candid man could entertain the idea ; and as no injury or inconvenience had arisen from his absence , he ought , so far from being blamed , to be highly commended for his anxiety to be on the spot for the purpose of making the most beneficial arrangements for his country and the East India Company . For his part , he had not heard any thing of what the hon . baronet had asserted with regard to the manumission of the slaves