of Mr. Pitt 's administration in 1805 , were not the noble lords as much convinced as now of the vital necessity of carrying that question ? They did carry the abolition of the Slave-trade , a measure for which they had his thanks as well as the applauses of their country and the good wishes of mankind ; but though in the plenitude of power , did not they consent to let this , their vital question , sleep for one session , and did not they make every effort to put it off the next ? Was it not kept back during the whole of Mr. 1033 Fox 's life-time ? Did they not , under his auspices whose principles they professed to admire as the bright example of their conduct , consent to shun this question ? Did not they shew such a disposition to temporize , that unless it had been forced upon them , it might be concluded they never would have brought it on ? And then , when it was forced upon them , what did they do ? Instead of recommending the adoption of their vital question , they stole a little something into the Mutiny Bill , which something , indeed , in its very nature , pledged them to a further progress in the road upon which they had entered . It was the first step , but the consequences to which it led were such , that no wise and reflecting mind could fail to experience the greatest uneasiness from their contemplation . But the introduction of that little something was resisted , and strange to tell , these men of consistency , —these unchanging and unchangeable men , gave up even that little something . Yes , the men of principle were convenient enough to be ready to remain in office though that vital question was given up . With what face such men could stand up in the midst of a nation who knew all this , and talk of their consistency , and taunt others with the want of it , he was at a loss to imagine . He did not , in imitation of the manner in which he and his colleagues were treated by others , accuse those noble lords of being actuated by any base view to place or profit in their wishing to remain in office . No such thing : they had an object in view , which he really believed they thought of importance ; but , like enlightened men , seeing they could not carry their favourite measure at one time , and hoping that they might at another , they temporized , —they made their principle convenient to a particular purpose , —and in his opinion they acted wisely . But when called upon for their assistance in the general affairs of the nation , any temporizing was , it seemed , impossible . Then the question was of such vital importance , that its consideration could not be delayed a single month . Mr. Fox was the pattern of the gentlemen opposite , yet through his life they waved the consideration of the Catholic question ; but now they exclaimed that there could be no delay , although something very like insurrection or rebellion was at the bottom of the proceedings on that subject . If they were admitted to power on their own terms , was it possible 1034 to carry this question ? Were the Catholics likely to give those securities , which , not bigots , but enlightened statesmen , —not himself , but lord Grenville required ? The Catholics would not , according to the principles of their religion , if he knew any thing of it , give those securities . For his own part , those were no considerations with him . He did not think it expedient to grant the Catholics their claims , nor did he see in the future any contingency of political events that could make it expedient . As to the charge that he bad abandoned the question as a cabinet measure , he certainly