respect to that gallant officer ; it owed to the Hero of Acre , ( whose name , indeed , wanted no epithet ) an opportunity to explain the item to which his name was affixed : it was not now a question whether his services merited the reward , which would be carried , 349 were it put , by acclamation ; but it was a debt due to him to allow him , before a committee of that House , to justify or explain-that claim which appeared in the documents produced . Not less was explanation due to the hon . gentleman sitting next to the Chancellor of the Exchequer , ( Mr. Arbuthnot , ) for whom he had much private regard , than it was to sir Arthur Paget and the marquis Wellesley , whose names were likewise inserted . Why some of those items had remained so long on the Civil List , and why debts so long due had not been before liquidated , was an inquiry which the public had a right to demand : they had a right to know in the first place , whether the sums stated to have been discharged , were in reality paid ; and whether in the second place being so paid , they were due for services performed or debts incurred . What was the fact with regard to marquis Wellesley ? After the noble marquis had received his appointment on a mission to Spain , he lingered several months in this country under circumstances peculiarly suspicious , every expence was gone to suited to the dignity of an ambassador from Great Britain ; and yet when the accounts under the Civil List were produced , no less a sum than 16,000l . was charged in addition to the amount already incurred . He was charging nothing against any individuals : no doubt upon investigation it would turn out that the payments had been properly and necessarily made , but the country , the House , and the individuals themselves demanded , that , before a committee , the fullest explanation should be given . Before he could suffer the Speaker to quit the chair , for the purpose of going into a committee on the bill now depending , he called on the Chancellor of the Exchequer to assign some reasons , if any such existed , why the examination required should not be made . Hitherto the right hon . gentleman had sat in perfect silence , not condescending to make any reply , and the House was required , hoodwinked and blindfold , to declare by this Bill that the excess of 124,000l . ought to be incurred the last enactment scarcely contemplated the possibility of such an increase , but it provided , that if it should ever occur , application was to be made to parliament . Had that application ever been made ? No . And the reason was obvious ; ministers had had recourse to a contingent fund , out of which they discharged the arrears , and of which contingent fund parliament had not , at the 350 time when the former bill passed , the remotest conception . Would it at that time have been believed , that the arrears would amount , during 9 years , to the enormous sum , annually , of 124,000l. ? And how did it come out that such was the fact ? Not in any regular official way , but by a side wind when the present bill was brought forward . He thought that before it should pass , it was incumbent on ministers to explain to the House how it happened that the expences of the Civil List regularly exceeded the sum voted for it by about 124,000l . It might possibly be the case that the grant for the Civil List was below the necessary expenditure of it by that sum ; but if such were the case , ministers ought to have laid before parliament the causes of this necessity . When the allowance for the Civil List was settled by parliament , they never