their masters entrusted to them . said he felt particular pleasure in rising to second the motion of his hon . friend . There were many recent instances , and particularly one glaring instance , ( that of Mr. Walsh ) which proved the necessity of the introduction of this Bill . As the Bank of England made it a point not to keep any account for certain securities , it was ne- 944 cessary for individuals to lodge Exchequer Bills , India Bonds , & c. in private hands , and many frauds were the consequence , which , as the law now stood , were not properly prevented or punished . The object of the present Bill was in a great degree to assimilate the law which now punished the master , to that which punished the servant . It was known to the House , that if a servant embezzled property entrusted to his care , he was thereby guilty of felony ; whereas the master for the same act was only adjudged criminal for a misdemeanor . He thought it extremely strange that one law should exist for one part of his Majesty 's subjects , and another for another . It was an anomaly which ought immediately to be done away with . After the Bill was introduced , he was aware that it would require much attention to render it effectual in all its provisions , and in order to prevent its throwing a degree of responsibility on any class which they were not in fairness bound to support . In the opposition , which it was natural to expect would be made , either to the Bill itself , or to some of its clauses , he hoped that much benefit might be derived from the counsel and opinion of different persons in the views which they might take of the question . thought there was a singularly disgusting anomaly in the law on this subject as it at present stood . The servant of the party entrusted with money could be punished for a breach of trust , while the master escaped with impunity . He feared this anomaly would not altogether be removed by the Bill about to be brought in . He certainly did not mean to oppose the motion , but he thought many of the inconveniences at present complained of might be traced to a want of caution in the parties depositing their money , and he would not give them a penal statute to guard that which with prudence they might guard themselves . They ought to be discreet in the choice of their bankers , to watch over their conduct , and see that their securities were forthcoming ; and that would be more likely to prevent the evil complained of , than the making of it a capital offence . He thought there would be less objection to making such an offence a misdemeanor , than to making it felony . The law proposed , might have the effect of making the parties depositing money more supine than they were at present , more negligent 945 instead of more discreet . Many difficulties would arise from the existence of this law , which it would be impossible to get over . If the House were to legislate on every particular case of moral depravity which occurred , there would be no end to our penal code . If every breach of trust was to be considered a capital felony , why should not an executor , for instance , who was the means of reducing a number of children to beggary by his conduct , incur the punishment of death . said , that he was glad that the hon . gentleman did not mean to oppose the introduction of the Bill , whatever he might think of its efficacy . He was aware that there was much difficulty in rendering it perfectly calculated to meet the evil it was proposed to remedy ; but there would be ample opportunity for giving it a full consideration . With respect to the argument , that no