that the authority alluded to is the British government , over which Mr. Pitt presided ; and , therefore , I argue , that the committee of 1792 arose out of the recommendation of the British government.—By looking further into this circular letter , it will appear , that forms of returns were sent down to the country in the blanks , for the names of the persons elected . That in the first place , each parish chose a certain number of electors , and that these electors chose the delegates . That the delegates met in Dublin in 1792 ; sat from day to day , debated the whole of the Catholic affairs : and not with less spirit , or in a manner less sparing of their opponents than the committee of 1810 . Lord Westmoreland was at this time lord lieutenant , but at that day it was not the fashion to look at a Catholic convention with the same alarm with which such an assembly is now regarded . This convention sent their petition to the King by deputies of their own body , and so far was Mr. Pitt from treating it in the way the present government have acted towards the new committee , that he presented them to the King on the 3d of July , 1793 , and on the 10th of January , lord Westmoreland told the Irish parliament in a speech from the throne , that he had the commands of the King to recommend it to them , to take the state of the Catholics into their consideration . Soon after the act of 1793 passed , declaring the loyal demeanour of the Catholics , and giving them considerable constitutional privileges . But besides this precedent of 1792 , there existed precedents of a succession of Catholic delegated committees , from 1753 , to lead the Catholics or their late decision . The Catholic Committee of 1757 , which , originated with Mr. Wye , was a committee of delegates , and so were all those which at various periods , by their persevering and patriotic zeal , have obtained for the Catholics every concession that has been made to them . These committees have been recognized by a succession of Irish administrations , in 1757 , 1771 , 1777 , 1782 , 1790 , 1792 ; in 1803 and 1805 , by lord Hardwicke , recognised by him in a most unqualified manner ; by the duke of Bedford , in 1806 ; and by the duke of Richmond in 1808 , 1809 , and 1810 , until some change had taken place in hit counsels . 631 But , Sir , the right hon . gentleman has charged the Catholics with a wilful and premeditated violation of the law . He says they must have known that the law was as the government declared it to be , and that they have acted as bad subjects in resisting the law . The House will consider however , before they adopt the same opinion , whether the Catholics had not as good reasons for not taking the construction which government have given to the law , as they had for selecting the plan of petitioning by a delegated committee . The House will , in the first place , see , that `` if the Catholics examined the history of the Convention act , that they would discover it never was intended by those who framed and made it a law , to prevent delegation for a preconceived object . I will not occupy the time of the House by reading what has already been mentioned so often , and never refuted , the declaration of lord Kilwarden , that the Convention act was not intended to prevent conventions assembling to carry into effect a preconceived object . But I beg leave to call the attention of the House to the following explanation of it by major Hobart . It rests on the authority of a most respectable citizen of Dublin , Mr. O'Donnell . At the meeting of July the 31st , he made use of