but of men of the purest intentions and most enlightened judgment—men willing to do all justice to the loyalty of your present bishops , but not unreasonably alarmed at any possibility by which functions of such extensive influence might hereafter be connected with a foreign interest hostile to the tranquillity of your country : a danger recently very much increased by the captivity and deposal of the head of your church , by the seizure of his dominions , and by the declared intention of that hostile government to assume , in future , the exclusive nomination of his successors . `` — '' When I speak of the necessity of combining with the accomplishments of your wishes , provisions of just security to others , I am no less desirous of consulting every reasonable apprehension on your part . To the forms indeed of those securities I attach comparatively little importance . `` —The necessity , then , of securities , in some form or other , against foreign influence , —of complicated arrangements for domestic tranquillity , —of provisions for the inviolable maintenance of the civil and religious establishments of the united kingdom , —is here distinctly stated , not by a `` bigotted champion of intolerance , '' but by the great leader of the Catholic advocates.—The same admission has been repeatedly made , by other eminent supporters of the Catholic cause . Whether any such barriers and arrangements can be devised as shall afford sufficient security , can not at present be examined ; because none are now proposed—nor hitherto have any that appear satisfactory been any where stated . The negative to be vested in the crown on the appointment of bishops , has since been rejected and disavowed by the Catholics , notwithstanding `` the acquiescence of their church in similar arrangements under other governments , and the express consent formerly given by the most considerable of their own bishops . '' The demand now seems to be made on their part , of unconditional concession , without any guard or security whatever ; and , what is still more strange , these supporters of the Catholics , 508 from some unaccountable change in their opinions , appear ready to go that length in their concessions ! ! ! —And what is it that is now demanded ? —That which does not exist in any country , Catholic or Protestant ; namely , that the government of the church shall be wholly independent of the state , while the members of that church , thus denying the authority of the state , shall yet fully participate in the exercise of all its political powers . The want of these securities , ( no proposition of any such being made , nor any plan of them suggested for consideration ; on the contrary , the necessity of them being now apparently denied ) might furnish sufficient grounds for rejecting the present motion at once . For , surely , in a matter of this importance and magnitude , parliament may reasonably expect some statement at least to be made of what is intended to be afterwards proposed , before it takes any one step towards giving its countenance and encouragement to the measure . But the proposition should not be rejected upon partial considerations and formal objections , which may only serve to keep alive the continued agitation of a subject so desirable to be set at rest . It will be more frank and proper to consider briefly , the advantages which have been at different times suggested as likely to arise from these concessions , and the securities which have been hinted at as tending to prevent danger . Among the advantages suggested , it is said that the empire will be consolidated and strengthened , and the Catholics be induced more freely to enter our fleets and armies ; —that conciliation and satisfaction will be produced ; —and , it is added that the concessions must ultimately be granted , because demanded by so large a body of subjects . In regard to the consolidation of the empire , much doubt may