, who came respectfully presenting their prayers to parliament , were not prepared properly to receive that for which they asked ! But if the state of the Catholic mind was not perfectly satisfactory at present—would the noble lord venture to assert that at the period of the Union the Catholics were not disposed to concede the Veto ? If so , all the change that had taken place , all the irritation that had been produced , was attributable to the delay which the Catholics had experienced in the attainment of their just claims . To the noble lord and to his colleagues must be ascribed their present exasperation and feelings of discontent , which he prayed to God might not increase to a much more alarming extent . The right hon . secretary for Ireland ( Mr . Pole ) in his speech last night , seemed to think that the whole of the debate re-644 lated to himself and to his own little actions , and was extremely displeased at the order in which the various speakers had risen ; wishing , no doubt , to have marshalled them according to his own fashion . The House had certainly to complain that the person with whom the Irish government communicated ( the Secretary of State for the Home Department ) had not hitherto thought proper to favour them with his opinions on the subject : But perhaps the time of that right hon . gentleman was too much engrossed by the consideration of the Police of the metropolis and the state of the Nightly Watch ( A laugh . ) With that exception , he really saw no reason to complain of the order in which the speakers on the present question had succeeded to each other . There had been—first the noble lord who began the debate , then the learned civilian opposite to him , then a right hon . privy counsellor , then a learned lawyer on the other side , and so on , in very fair and regular alternation , until they concluded with the noble lord who combined in himself all these various characters . The right hon . and learned civilian ( sir J. Nicholl ) who was connected with the Church Establishment , and who seemed to stand in the place of another learned doctor and privy counsellor ( Dr. Duigenan , ) had made a long address to the House in a style very similar to that of his able predecessor ( a laugh . ) According to him , all the rescinded statutes of the penal code to which the Catholics had formerly been subject , ought to be re-enacted for the purpose of producing tranquility in Ireland ; but at the same time be professed himself ( with what sincerity it was for the House to determine ) extremely averse to shutting the door against any future consideration of the Catholic claims ; and the noble lord had further explained for the right hon . and learned gentleman , that he meant nothing more than to object to indefinite measures . Such had been the effect of repeated discussions on this most important subject , that all concurred in the opinion , that some day or other the claims of the Catholics ought to be conceded ; but it so happened , that every hon . member who spoke from the other side of the House , after admitting the propriety of the concession , terminated his address by exclaiming `` Oh ; but the time is not come ! '' ' They were all emancipators ; but none of them would go into the Committee to consider the best mode of emancipation . 645 The Catholic question seemed to be much in the same state as the question for the abolition of the Slave trade had once been ; and in which it would still have been , had the arguments of the gradual abolitionists been listened to.—All were abolitionists ; but none ' would abolish it , for `` the time was not come . '' The right honourable and learned civilian had maintained