had been recruited from the refuse of some manufacturing towns , and the want of a sense of honour in such men was obliged to be supplied by punishment . The greatest objection which he had to this punishment was the effect which it was likely to have on the peasantry of the country in the local militia . He did not think that the peasantry ought to be submitted to the degradation of such a punishment : it must ultimately prove detrimental to their character . There was one argument of his hon . friend ( sir F. Burdett ) which was not treated fairly by the noble lord , and he should notice it . His hon . friend had said , that the condition of the army was degraded by this punishment , at the same time that he acknowledged the glorious character which our army had obtained . He would ask the noble lord , was not this union of degradation and glorious character possible ? Was it not plain that both could be co-existent in the same army , when it was recollected how well the Saxons and others fought against their own country , when forced into the service of Prussia ? approved of the Bill in its present form , and objected to the introduction of the clause proposed . He thought the system of education introduced into the army would tend to do away the necessity of resorting to that mode of punishment complained of . The soldiers ' in our service had great rewards to look up to ; not only might they rise to be non-commissioned officers and afterwards advanced to the rank of ensigns , but they might even rise from the ranks to be generals . A general died but the other day who had risen from the ranks , and who had acquired a large fortune , and left behind him 80,000l . The private men , instead of being in a miserable condition , were better paid , clothed , and attended to , than the soldiers of any other country in the world . An hon . gentleman , who had anticipated three debates , in a speech which he made on this subject , had stated sir R. Wilson , general Money , and another general , whose name he did not recollect , to be enemies to the present system of punishment . He had to contradict this , as far as related to general Money , as he had a letter from him on the subject , part of which he then read , which was to the following effect : — '' Crown Point , Norwich , March 11 , 1812.—My dear 1285 general ; I hare seen in the ; public papers my name mentioned as an advocate for the abolition of flogging . I enclose a few lines , to shew you what my thoughts are on the subject . It certainly would be a good thing , if it could be abolished ; but I agree with you , that it can not be done without great injury to the discipline of the army . `` —He proceeded to state to the House the case of a serjeant Phillips of his regiment , who was once severely punished for the escape of a man who had deserted to the enemy with five hundred pounds belonging to the corps . The innocence of the serjeant was subsequently proved , and the moment he ( General Tarleton ) was apprised of this , he made him a serjeant of cavalry , and a braver soldier was never furnished by the British army , than he afterwards proved himself . In one action he received six wounds in his head , and succeeded in bringing safe a particular dispatch , with which he was charged . This case was sufficient to prove , that punishment did not so degrade a man that he could not afterwards distinguish himself in the service.—The hon . baronet had asked why officers were not flogged ? he would answer , from their education it became