that it had not entered into his contemplation to introduce a clause into the present Bill for the total abolition of Bogging . He thought it impracticable to abolish it altogether . What had been already done by the clause introduced into the Mutiny act last year , had succeeded considerably in making the practice less general—of which he would give to the House a conclusive proof . From January 1811 , to December 1811 , both inclusive , there had been but eight sentences for flogging by general courts martial , and , what was still more remarkable , of those eight , but one had occurred since March , the time at which the clause passed , and the other seven had taken place in the months preceding March ; and of the whole eight but one had been inflicted—and that one had been offered to be commuted for general service , and was refused—the man preferring to undergo the 700 lashes rather than so commute . But he should be glad to know , what gentlemen would substitute in place of flogging ? Imprisonment had been spoken of ; but how could imprisonment be resorted 1206 to oh actual service ? Within the period he had just stated , where there were but eight sentences here , there had been no less than 40 undergone in Portugal . He wished gentlemen would look at such questions practically , before they amused themselves with launching out into invectives against a mode of punishment which could not , he believed , be totally abolished without endangering the general discipline of the army . He thought that the strong terms of barbarous and sanguinary torture , ' should not , have been so wantonly applied—they might do much mischief , and could be productive of no good . said , that , from seventeen years experience of home service , he could state , that all the colonels of regiments with whom he had had intercourse , had agreed in the indispensible necessity of corporal punishment . He was himself averse to it , but thought that the awe and dread of it were very effectual to preserve military discipline . was not for the immediate and absolute abolition of corporal punishment ; he had been glad of the clause of last year as tending gradually to rescind it ; and thought that it ought to be suffered to drop of itself . He had no doubt but that in three years we should not hear a solitary instance of such punishment , and suggested the idea of forming , in imitation of the French , colonial corps for condemned soldiers . said , that he never meant that if flogging was abolished , no punishment at all should be substituted in its place . He never meant to hold out such a bribe to mutiny and disorder : far from it . It was not the degree , but the kind of severity he reprobated . For instance , instead of running the risk of brutalizing a whole regiment , by witnessing the spectacle of a wretch gradually sinking under the tedious torture of a thousand lashes , who had been guilty of mutiny , he would shoot him at once . And as for crimes not worthy of death , could there not be devised a variety of ways of punishing a soldier , even upon actual service ? He had been accused of speaking against this odious system , in terms of unwarrantable invective . His language might have been too Strong for the delicacy of some gentlemen ; but had it been stronger , it must have been too weak to express his abhorrence of this mode of punishment . But the hon . and learned gentleman had la- 1207 mented the general animadversions without doors , that had been made upon this system . And what was the answer the hon . and learned gentleman himself gave to his own lamentations ? Why , that in the last year this barbarous practice had decreased to eight within the whole year , and but one of