right of the Irish distiller to export his spirits remained unimpaired . If the principle of the present Bill was recognised , the Chancellor of the Exchequer might , to-morrow , ruin every species of manufacture . He maintained that every attempt had been made by that House to deprive Ireland of all her advantages . It was of this that Ireland complained . Immediately after the Union , it was discovered by the British minister that Ireland possessed a great benefit in the bounty upon large stills . Accordingly this it was deprived of . Then the Suspension Bill was enacted , which , he repeated , was a direct violation of the act of Union . It was done under pretence of relieving Ireland ? Had it relieved Ireland ? No . The present Bill was one that ought not to be resorted to without the most urgent necessity ; and he concluded by exhorting the minister to endeavour , by conciliating America , to open , again a source from whence we could derive those supplies of grain which had always been found so needful to this country . repeated , that the measure of suspension in 1806 was not adopted in consequence of remonstrances from Ireland , but in consequence of the danger apprehended to the English revenue from the Scotch distilleries . thought the two countries should go hand in hand , and spoke shortly in favour of the measure . rose and said : Sir , I would have given a shorter notice of the present motion , had I not expected to have been called out of town on business of private importance . However , it is not too late to gratify those who wish well to their country by making them to participate in the feelings of one who has acted disinterestedly for the public good . I allude to his royal highness the duke of Cambridge , Who with truly patriotic magnanimity , has relinquished a lucrative command which , in the opinion of his Royal Highness , had dwindled into an office nearly resembling a sinecure.—This , Sir , is a practical instance of reform , proceeding from the source whence alone it can arise without endangering , at first , the further derangement of our constitution.—Besides the noble precedent thus established by his Royal Highness , which will be followed by those who regard the happiness of their native land , the relief actually afforded is equal to all the ; taxes levied on 1,000 of his Majesty 's subjects ; for if I am rightly informed , the emoluments were 4,200l . a year , and the maintenance of twenty horses.—I am desirous to abstain from remarks which may lead to a discussion on Sinecures , or give those who may have an interest in concealing the example of his Royal Highness the slightest pretext to pervert my meaning ; which I beg the House clearly to understand , is to place a Resolution on the Journals expressive of its opinion of this disinterested and truly noble act of his Royal Highness , and this I consider to , be the more proper , as the motives and even the relinquishment of the office , withheld from the Gazette , have not appeared in any official form . I shall therefore move , `` That there be ; laid before this 295 House a copy of the Letter of his royal highness the duke of Cambridge , tendering his resignation of the Home District , and of the reply by order of his Royal Highness the Commander in Chief to the same . '' submitted to the House whether the noble lord had made out any ground for his motion . He had no hesitation in stating , that if the Letters alluded to were produced , they would be found to contain nothing but a simple resignation on the part of the duke of Cambridge , and a formal acceptance on the part of the Commander in Chief . Conceiving , as he did , that no ground was made out , he should certainly resist