that right hon . gentleman ; particularly as that absence , he understood , was occasioned by indisposition . The right hon . gentleman , in the progress of his speech , had cast some aspersions , if he might use the term , on the character of the gentleman , from whom he ( lord F. ) was supposed to have derived some of his information on the subject of the Ecclesiastical Courts . He felt it his duty to say , that the terms in which that person was mentioned , were perfectly unfounded , and perfectly unjust . The original case was not introduced from any feeling of hostility towards those courts . It had been first mentioned to him ( lord F. ) by some most respectable inhabitants of Bristol , from feelings of humanity—that assistance might be extended to an unfortunate woman ; and the person who had 380 been alluded to , was applied to for information ; as , having practised in those courts ; he was acquainted with their constitution . He was called on , and did not officiously press forward . The noble lord said he made this statement , that the character of the individual who had been thus harshly treated , should be set right in the opinion of his fellow citizens in Bristol . He had been actuated by no motives of malignity—feelings which were most foreign front his mind . And he felt convinced , if the right hon . gentleman were present , he would concur in rendering justice to au individual , who had been hastily injured . The noble lord then moved for leave to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the said act . said he was requested , in the absence of his right hon . friend ( sir W. Scott ) to set him right with the House on this subject . Considering the motion of the noble lord as likely to be of very great benefit to the country , he should be very sorry that any thing should be said detrimental to the person , through whose information the subject had been brought before parliament . The fact was , his right hon . and learned friend conceived , at the moment , that the information had been given by some discontented proctor , and the papers with which the noble lord had favoured him , but which were not before the House , exhibited , as he thought , much professional ignorance , joined with an intention to blazon forth trifles to an extent which they did not deserve . Under this impression the words had been made use of . He had only to add , that if , in the warmth of a debate , into which his right hon . and learned friend had been dragged , he had said any thing offensive , no person could regret it more than he did . said he understood from a quarter totally unconnected with his noble friend , that there was not a more respectable person in Bristol , than the one alluded to . He was sure , if the right hon . gentleman who was now absent had known him he would never have permitted such words to drop from his lips . Leave was given to bring in the Bill . then moved , That leave be given to bring in a Bill to alter and amend the Act of the 39th of the King , for making perpetual an act of 33 Geo . 3 , for the further relief of debtors , with respect to the imprisonment of their persons ; and to oblige debtors , who shall 381 continue in execution in prison beyond a certain time , and for sums not exceeding what are mentioned in the Act , to make discovery , and deliver upon oath , their estates for their creditors ' benefit.—Leave was given ; and his lordship soon afterwards brought in the Bills , which were read a first time . said he should not delay the House with any observations on