was quite evident from the tenor of his speech , that he was greatly in want of such information . The hon . and learned gentleman had made a declaration in favour of the minister , —he was ready to place every confidence in him . This was , no doubt , a spontaneous effusion , a gratuitous declaration , springing from his heart , and directed by his understanding . He was even generous without bounds ; for he not only loved the minister , but he loved his colleagues too . They were all wonderful men , they were all men of talent ! His praises , though very sincere , as it must be supposed , were , however , extremely well-timed ; for they came just after the grand announcement of the right hon . gentleman ; who , as if he had escaped from durance , had told the country in no very obscure terms , that he was to be the Prince Regent 's minister . As far as personal consideration could affect himself , he could assure the House , that he was exceedingly careless who was minister : but , as far as his country was concerned , —as far as higher and more exalted motives could sway his feelings , —he would say , that he most seriously indeed regretted this declaration of the right hon . gentleman . He regretted it , if it were not the mere vapour of arrogance , because it 795 forced upon him considerations of the most melancholy nature ; because he knew that the continuance of the right hon . gentleman in power , augured fatally and ominously for the happiness of his country ; because such a disastrous fact promised no good , and foreboded every evil ; because , calamitous as had been already our situation , this was the shutting out of hope ; this was the beginning of despair ; this was the consummation of evil . But he would ask the hon . and learned gentleman still , why was his support of the ministers so broad ? If the hon . and learned gentleman wished to be considered as delivering a consistent opinion , was he quite right in lavishing his praises on the minister and all his colleagues ? Was he not aware that amongst those colleagues there was at least one , who differed from the right hon . gentleman opposite , even on principle ; and how , then , could his approbation equally and consistently extend to both ? The right hon . gentleman had ventured ( as he Mr. W. had conjectured ) to deny those papers to the anxious nation , although with no great consistency . He was confident , that if a motion were made in another place for these papers , the marquis Wellesley would not oppose it . The hon . member for Yorkshire had refused his assent to the production of those papers , because in his opinion , they would lead to angry discussions . That hon . member had said , that he ( Mr. Whitbread ) had spoken to night differently from his usual manner . He was sorry that he could not say the same of the hon . member , for to do him justice , he had indeed spoken most like himself . He had been unfortunately guilty of no inconsistency , —he unhappily had not departed from the usual course which he had marked out for himself in that House . The hon . gentleman had said , that the production of the papers would cause irritation . He deprecated the fiery debate and the hot contentions which these papers would produce ; and yet , with marked inconsistency , and almost in the same breath , he said , that we had every information which we could wish before us . ; and that every member had already in his hands just as much information as was necessary to be the foundation of a contentious debate . As to what was said by another hon . and learned member