the statute book , but was one of necessary but mild coercion ; yet he willingly supported the motion of his hon . and learned friend for its repeal . thought the hon . gentleman had misconceived his hon . and learned friend , whose argument went to the disgrace of having such a statute on 703 the books in the present state of society . observed that the hon . gentleman seemed to have a veneration for the statute of Elisabeth . But this was not the only statute of that queen which most be considered a disgrace , for there was one he could refer the hon . gentleman to which made it a felonious act in any person found in the company of the persons denominated Egyptians . There was another , which made it felony to commune with the Devil . The inflammatory language of these acts was borrowed from her predecessors , Mary , and Henry the eighth . With respect to the statutes , he had looked into them as narrowly as his abilities would allow , and he would assert that the 16th of Charles continued this act , for it expressly said , `` it shall be continued till parliament makes some other law on the subject . '' The hon . and learned gentleman thought men 's lives should not be subject to such laws rose to state to sir Samuel Romilly , that the Committee who were now sitting to inquire into the propriety and utility of erecting Penitentiary Houses , would not have leisure to extend their inquiries , according to the wish of the hon . and learned gentleman , into the effects produced by transportation to Botany Bay ; but he should move that it be an instruction to the committee to examine into the state of the Hulks , and to report thereon as to any improvements which might be adopted . If , however , the hon . and learned member should wish to move for another Committee to inquire into the effects produced by transportation to Botany Bay , he should not oppose the motion . But it was highly expedient that the committee should proceed first in their inquiries respecting the Hulks , as the size and perhaps the number of Penitentiary Houses , would depend upon the circumstances of that mode of punishment being abolished or not . intimated his intention of moving , on Wednesday , for a Committee to inquire into the effects produced by transportation to Botany Bay . rose in pursuance of notice to move the Thanks of the House to lord Wellington , for the capture of Ciudad Rodrigo . In the consideration of questions of this nature , there were two points , his lordship observed , which more particularly called for attention , namely , the importance of the place wrested from the enemy , and the value of the effort used to obtain possession of it . He did not mean to say , that either of these might not , in some cases , be a sufficient ground for voting the Thanks of the House , but in the present instance , both considerations combined to call upon the House to confer that high honour . Of the importance of Ciudad Rodrigo , there could be no doubt ; it was the only fortress of note on the north-eastern frontier of Portugal , and on the north-western frontier of Spain . It was originally erected by the Spaniards as a point of defence against any invasion from Portugal , and also as a place of arms to facilitate offensive operations in that country , and the circumstances connected with the current of the river on which it was placed , rendered it in both points of view highly important . By its capture , the defence of Portugal was rendered complete , and at the same time a way was opened into almost the centre of Spain.—Having thus mentioned the importance of this fortress , he thought it necessary to state a few circumstances , to shew why the capture of it by