to which the Bill referred . The very great difference between the British metropolis at the periods in which the patents were granted , and at the present day , formed a material part of the consideration . The population of the metropolis was not then one-third equal to what it had now become , and the facts proved , that under the monopoly , the proprietors or managers could not , with their two theatres , accommodate such an increased population , so as to bear a just proportion to the powers of the human voice or the human eyes ; in consequence , they were obliged to have recourse to exhibitions of a most unprecedented and extraordinary kind , such as the introduction of the monsters of Africa , and other distant climes , upon the stage , forming loathsome or disgusting spectacles . These practices were to be attributed to the metropolis.—The noble duke then adverted to the private boxes , the principle of which he disapproved . The people of England , he observed , had a right to a general admission to a public theatre—no part of it should be exclusively appropriated to the rich . He should therefore propose the exclusion of the relevant clause . It was upon this general ground that he objected to such exclusive 1211 appropriations : with respect to the rise in prices , the consideration was very different : looking at the comparative value of money , it was what the proprietors had a right to do ; but when , from the effects of exclusion , whole rows of boxes were seen empty , the opposition which was made to the practice , was , upon the principle to which he had referred , in his mind , fully justifiable ; and inconsequence of the opposition that was made , the number of these private boxes were greatly reduced . The noble duke concluded , by moving for the omission of those parts of the clause relative to the appropriation of private boxes to which he had adverted , for the purpose of introducing an enactment modelled agreeably to his idea upon the subject , and providing that the appropriation and allotment of private boxes should remain subject to such laws , rules , and powers as have existed heretofore . observed , it most forcibly struck him , in reference to the noble duke 's proposed enactment , that it would be highly necessary to know what were the rules , laws , and powers , to which these things were subject heretofore . As to what the existing law for such things was , he did not know ; but when he was a young man and occasionally frequented a theatre , public boxes were in effect rendered private any night the box-keeper thought proper , on application being made to him for the purpose . defended the Bill in its present shape . Referring to the question of private boxes , he observed , that the number of private boxes in the old theatre , was , he believed , 34 or 36 . The proprietors , with respect to the regulation , possessed in law the same right which every man had in his own property . He referred to the arrangements proposed in that respect ; with regard to the boxes of the prince of Wales , the duke of Bedford , proprietor of the land , and of Mrs. Garrick , who was so considered , in honour of that distinguished person who had so greatly advanced the refinement and reputation of the British stage . The regulation which was made with respect to the sales of the private boxes for a number of years , had the general approbation of the proprietors ; in fact , it was one imposed by the proprietors on themselves . then objected to the power given of leasing these boxes for 1212 21 years , and proposed as an amendment , that they should be only let from year to year , which , to a certain extent , at least , would make