to say masses for her soul , and the souls of her two husbands , besides bequests to seven Roman Catholic charity schools in the city of Dublin . '' `` 1804.—Mrs . Mathews , of Usher's-quay , left 250l . to Maynooth College , and 100l . to the Roman Catholic school of St. Andrew 's parish ; —and Mr. Bonfield , of Limerick left 500l . for the use only of the Roman Catholic schools in Limerick . '' `` 1805.—Edmund Connellan , of Cork , 597 after leaving a trifling sum to each of the chapels in the city of Cork , adds , ' I leave my executors at liberty to give whatever they please to father Dennis Sullivan , to say masses for mine and my wife 's soul . '' `` John Reilly , of Prospect , in the county and town of Drogheda , left to Dr. Richard Reilly ( the titular primate ) 1500l . in trust , to be applied to such charitable uses as he should think fit . '' `` 1810.—James Baldwin of Macroom , county of Cork , left all his lands and tenements in reversion , to Doctors Shuegrue and Moylan , in trust , out of the issues and rents thereof , to dispose of the sum of 400l . per annum , for establishing a school or schools , to be kept by Roman Catholic clergymen , in the parish of Kilnamartra , county of Cork , for instructing poor children in the religious tenets and rules of the church of Rome . '' It is also asserted in this work , that `` all national charities , legislative endowments , and pious funds , are absorbed in Protestant institutions , and monopolized by the ruling class . `` —Now I beg the House for a moment to consider the nature of these charitable institutions , and gentlemen will immediately be convinced how unfounded these assertions are.—The first charity I shall mention is the House of Industry , where Catholics and Protestants are indiscriminately received . It generally contains about 3,000 persons , who being necessarily of the lower orders of the community , the great majority of them are of course Catholics . So all the public hospitals that receive parliamentary aid ; so all the county infirmaries ; so the Lying-in hospital ; so the Fever hospital.—Another institution , upon a very extensive scale , is the Foundling hospital , about which so much was said in the Catholic Committee last year ; this charity is supported by large parliamentary grants ; by a tax upon the houses of the city of Dublin ; and by charitable bequests . By law , no child can be received into the Foundling hospital after the age of one year . If they remain till they are seven or eight years old , they are of course brought up in the Established religion of the country . But as infants are received without discrimination ( legitimate as well as illegitimate ) and are uniformly marked , so as to be at all times recognized ; are nursed by Catholic nurses , are examined once a year at the hospital , and are , whenever demanded , delivered to those persons , who by stating their marks , shew they have a just right to 598 claim them ; and there being generally in the house about 1,200 children , and at nurse about 4,000 ; —is it to be said that the Catholic body reaps no benefit from this noble institution ? Indeed , I have been informed that many of the poorer inhabitants of Dublin take advantage of this institution , and leave their infants in the hospital , with a view to reclaim them at a future period , which they often do , when their industry has so far improved their circumstances , as to enable them to maintain their children . Sir , there is another observation made in The work respecting `` the miserable pittance which annually insults the Maynooth establishment . '' Now I have only to remark on this