of Marmora , his responsibility , as it must be evident , had then ceased ; for he could not pretend to direct the operations of a fleet , and he was then suddenly attacked by so severe an indisposition that for weeks his life was despaired of . It was right however to inform the House , that the wind which had carried them through the Dardanelles failed them on their entrance into the sea of Marmora ; and all that could be done was to drift to the Princes islands , 733 where they were obliged to cast anchor , and it never afterwards was in the power of the squadron to act against Constantinople . From what the admiral and his fleet had effected , the House and the public might infer what would have been performed if the opportunity had ever offered . He would now if the House thought it necessary , read some letters from lord Howick , and from Mr. Canning , expressive of their approbation of every part of his conduct , ( a cry of No , no ! ) Since it was not the pleasure of the House to hear those letters , he could only express a hope that the House would take it for granted , that the political part of his conduct had been approved by government . With regard to his pecuniary disbursements , he should also hope that his explanations had been of a nature to satisfy the House that he had done all which could have been required of him . He should only say that he had not made one single assertion which was not borne out by vouchers . If any gentleman thought that any further explanation was necessary , he would most willingly give it , and he assured the House , that there was no degree of publicity respecting his conduct , which he would not anxiously court . [ Hear , hear ! from both sides of the House . ] was happy to have it in his power to confirm the statement just made to the House by his right hon . friend , in every part where he had been appealed to . As to the building of the palace , he thought it was necessary ; and that the expences attending it ought very fairly to be defrayed by the government . Though no person was less inclined than himself to revive the mention of a forgotten controversy , yet he begged to trouble the House with a few circumstances connected with the departure of his right hon . friend from Constantinople . He certainly confessed , that if he had been in Constantinople under the circumstances in which his right hon . friend was , he could not have acted otherwise than his right hon . friend did ; bat , at the same time , in justice to the government which placed the squadron at the disposal of the British ambassador , he must say that that squadron was fully adequate to the objects which it was intended to accomplish . No blame , however , attached to the gallant admiral ( Sir J. Duckworth ) nor , as he knew , to any other person , although it must be always regretted that the British fleet did not sail 734 up to the walls of Constantinople . As soon as the fleet had effected the passage of the Dardanelles , so great was the consternation of the Turks , who thought the forts impregnable against any human effort , that the Sultan declared to Sebastiani his determination not to have his capital insulted : and ordered him to quit Constantinople . Sebastiani burnt his papers ; but the Sultan being somewhat reassured by the Spanish ambassador , a negociation was artfully set on foot , which unfortunately succeeded , and to the success of which the circumstances which afterwards occurred ought , in some measure , to be attributed . , in explanation , admitted the adequacy of the naval force sent out at that time under the command of Sir John Duckworth