Queen , it was also right that the attendants of his Majesty should be placed under her Majesty 's controul ; and he was persuaded that nothing could be more grateful to his royal highness 's feelings than that it should be otherwise arranged . The right hon . gentleman , however , seemed to think that he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) and those with whom he had the honour to act , had no means of knowing the sentiments of his royal highness , because of the restrictions under which he was placed . But he would ask the House whether ; if his royal highness really thought that his ministers were insulting and degrading him , there was any thing in these restrictions so soon about to expire , which would so restrain him in the exercise of the royal functions as to induce his royal highness not to withdraw the sanction of his authority from such servants ? But if it were supposed that ministers were ignorant of the Prince 's pleasure , at least it ought not to be supposed that they would be so absurd as to propose any thing to parliament highly offensive to his royal highness . The House ought rather to believe that the subject had been submitted to the mature consideration of his royal highness ; that his royal highness had been advised to adopt the plan which had been submitted to parliament ; and that that advice had been accepted . No one could suppose for a moment that his royal highness was not as free to change his ministers , or that he did not possess as much authority in his councils , as if those restrictions which were so soon to terminate , had already expired . With regard to the situation in which his royal highness would have been placed , had the controul over his Majesty 's person , and the invidious task of doling out such a portion of the Civil List as he thought proper , been committed to him , he had no hesitation in saying , that 363 the situation in which the Bill before the House would place his royal highness , manifested a much more delicate attention to his character and feelings . Had the other course been pursued , had it been proposed by him to transfer the whole controul to his royal highness , then he should have been told ( and told with infinite justice ) that it was casting an invidious task upon his royal highness , and laying by in order to have a future opportunity of insinuating that the royal father had been neglected by the royal son . On this and on every other occasion , he had proposed that which had appeared to him to be the best plan . The hon . gentlemen opposite called it the worst , but at least he hoped the House and the country would think it much better than any thing they had suggested . What evils did not the hon . gentleman affect to see in this proposed establishment ! What patronage ! Four lords of the bedchamber ! and all the pages ! Then so many seats in parliament ! and that was the retreat he had prepared for himself ! This had been called a new court . As individuals surrounding the monarch , they were unquestionably a court . But there was nothing new in this . When his royal highness the Prince of Wales arrived at that period of life when an establishment became necessary for him , an establishment was formed , and parliament entertained no apprehensions of the influence which his court would occasion . Surely the constitution of England was not so nicely balanced that four lords of the bed chamber could overturn it , even with the addition of all the pages . He could not conceive that , either in or out of the House , there could exist on the one hand any rational apprehension of the constitutional jealousy which the co-operation of the two courts might be the means of