, both public and private , given for the detection of offenders of a certain description ; when he recollected , that the prevention of crimes was supposed to depend peculiarly , if not entirely , on the police officers , who alone were acquainted with the haunts of the most abandoned characters ; when he recollected , that it rested with the police officers to discover or to conceal those offenders ; and , when he considered , at the same time , that they had the strongest possible interest not to prevent , but to multiply crimes.—When he reflected on all this , which flowed as a consequence from the acts of the 4th and 5th of William and Mary , followed 201 by the 7th of queen Anne , offering , 40 or 50 pounds for the apprehension of offenders , it was hardly possible for him to doubt that , unless the police officers ( of whom he did not mean to say any thing severe ) were men of the most refined principles of humanity and morality—unless they supposed them un-influenced by those motives which actuate the great mass of mankind—unless they supposed all this , they could not doubt for a moment that they would prevent the detection of an offender , until his crimes increased his value , by increasing the reward for his apprehension . He was informed that there was hardly a chance of recovering property without advertising a reward , which operated in its consequences a similar effect to what was produced by expedition money in any of the public offices , namely , that of retarding the business of all others , while it expedited that of the individual ; and the consequence of this again was , that , besides the mischief accruing from the loss of the property in the first instance , the sufferer must lose more before he could get at the offender . In the year 1785 a bill had been brought in , proposing a great alteration in the police , and abolishing rewards altogether , but vesting in commissioners the discretion to reward police officers according to their deserts ; but in his opinion , whether rewards were abolished or not , they ought never to be given to police officers , and could be useful only in the case of accesaries after the fact , to induce useful discoveries to be made by persons implicated in the guilt . It was well known that the police officers went into places open for the reception and entertainment of thieves and other abandoned characters , as openly as a merchant would go to the stock exchange , or as a gentleman would go to that part of his manor where he expected any particular kind of game . He did not undertake to say that this was generally done , but he knew that it was the general impression that it was done ; and when such large sums were voted for the police establishment as had been voted that very night ; could it be endured with patience that such abuses should exist in the face of decency and common sense ? His right hon . friend had talked of other countries , as affording greater and more frequent instances of atrocity than this ; good God ! where did those countries exist ? He knew them not : he 202 had never heard of them : he never remembered to have read of whole families destroyed by the hand of the murderer in any country but this . He believed that in Paris there was a large proportion of crime , but he had never known any flagrant enormities during his residence in that capital at different periods . His right hon . friend wished to console the House by the comparison with other countries ; but be had never heard any instances of such boundless confidence in guilt , such progressive insolence as had been recently manifested in the British metropolis . His right hon . friend had talked only of the nightly watch , but he would ask him