and learned friend . thought the Bill should not be hurried through the House , without any documents of the probable expence which the erection of these houses might cost . He wished that a plan and estimates might be laid before them on this subject . entertained great doubts of the propriety of establishing penitentiary houses . He thought that bringing together 5 or 600 of the worst characters of the country , was not the likeliest way of amending them . thought it perfectly right that the plan of his hon . friend should be seen and understood , and saw no method more likely to have that effect than the suffering it to go to a committee , when the blanks might be filled up . said , there did not appear any objection to the filling up the blanks , but hoped that a longer time would be allowed to elapse before the Bill was carried through the remaining stages . It had been in their hands now for three weeks , but so many new clauses had been since added , that it was quite necessary that more time should be allowed for the purpose of perfectly understanding it . said , that there certainly could be no objection to give sufficient opportunity to examine the provisions of the Bill ; but he doubted whether the clauses which had been added were of a nature to require much consideration . The Bill had been already delayed too long , and if any obstacles were thrown in the way of its progress , nothing could be done in the course of the summer towards fulfilling its provisions . The Bill was then committed , and the blanks filled up , after which the Report was brought up and ordered to be taken into further consideration on Friday . gave notice of his intention to submit to their lordships a motion for going into a committee on the State of the Nation . A motion of considerable importance was fixed for Thursday next , and one of still greater importance for the 10th of April , when the Petition of the Irish Catholics was to be brought under their consideration ; of which petition , if the prayer was not granted , the consequence , he apprehended , would be little short of rebellion . He was inclined to wait the event of that discussion , before he came forward with his own motion ; a motion which was loudly called for in the present discouraging and distressed situation of the country , and the disjointed and distracted state of the councils of government . He would not name any particular day , but content himself with the general notice , that he intended soon to submit a motion to their lordships on the State of the Nation . rose and said ; I certainly , my lords , feel it unnecessary to take up your time , under the circumstances in which the present subject comes before us , at any length in discussing its merits . What the message of his royal highness the Prince Regent refers to , is a proposed continuance of that support and assistance that was afforded by parliament and the Prince Regent to Portugal in the last year . On such an occasion , my lords , I think there can be but one feeling in this House , which is , that as what has been so given to our faithful allies , who have stood so honourably and steadily by us , under the most arduous and difficult circumstances , was an aid not given in vain , but , on the contrary , has answered every purpose that was expected from it , we owe it to them and to ourselves to continue that assistance . On former occasions , your lordships may recollect , that the discussions of this subject principally turned on one point , namely , the practicability of the object for which the aid was afforded . No man , however , who looks to the state of the peninsula , and to