part of the sum was to be applied to the printing of the Gazettes . Why , then , were they called upon to vote , in another part of the estimates , the sum of 10,500l . for that purpose ? The right hon . gentleman had carried his estimates to 1,000l . above the expected expence ; but he would much prefer to see them reduced below their supposed standard , as , if his memory served him right , he had heard in the committee of Finances , that stationary was provided for the Irish government without any competition , and at a price much above that at which any particular individual might get it . stated , that the sum of 10,5000l . was for proclamations , advertisements , & c. and the 5,500l . for the printing of the Dublin Gazette , the printer having a patent place , and the grant was the same every year . He also wished for separate accounts , but after all the attention he had bestowed on the subject , he found himself unable to effect it , and would be thankful for any hint conducive to the object . The increase in the estimates arose from a wish to cover all possible expences , and they exceeded those of last year only by 1,327l . mostly for improvements . observed , that this sum was entirely spent in the last year ; but that there had been a saving the year before , which went to the consolidated fund , as was always the case when there was a saving . wished for information on this subject . The amount of the sum voted for this purpose in 1798 , which was a year of disturbance and civil war in Ireland 1219 did not exceed 23,781l . and in the year following it was diminished to 14,582l . Why , then , should the House be called on to make such an extravagant grant as this , at a time of perfect quietness ; he called on the right hon . gentleman to explain this circumstance , and protested against such a sum being annually voted as an usual grant , when it should be regulated by the necessity of the occasion . said he did not know what the sum granted in 1798 was , but he knew that ever since the Union the sum now proposed was annually granted . If any gentleman wished to know how the money was expended , he had not the slightest objection to produce the accounts . If this grant was not made , it would be necessary to dip into the vote of credit for the ex-pence of these prosecutions . The only difference was , that by proposing an annual grant , the attention of parliament was annually called to the subject ; whereas , if it were paid out of the vote of credit , the great probability was that it would escape notice . It did not follow that the sum granted was the sum expended . Last year there had been a saving , which had gone to the consolidated fund ; this year the expence was increased , on account of the special commission , and the prosecutions which it had been necessary to institute . He could assure the committee , that so far was government from being lavish in the expenditure of the money granted for this purpose , that he had received complaints from many parts of Ireland , stating that government was niggardly in carrying on prosecutions at the public expence . said , that this grant placed on the Journals an anticipation of a state of disturbance in Ireland , which would call for the expenditure of so large a sum ; this reason alone was sufficient against it . defended the grant , and said that gentlemen seemed to confound the sum voted with the sum expended . It appeared that very recently there had been a surplus of the grant over the expenditure , and that surplus had been paid into the consolidated fund . With