that House , he wished to point out in it some characteristic marks of British gallantry . Whether the skill of the commander in chief , or the bravery of his troops were referred to , he defied any nation to produce an example of similar splendour , of troops so steady within arms , or so silent in attacks made under cover of the night . If the leader of any of our columns were disabled , the efforts of his troops were not relaxed . When what was technically called `` the forlorn hope '' was to be formed for the purpose of the assault , instead of 350 volunteers , which were required , no less than 700 men instantly offered themselves from only two regiments . He would not waste the time of the House by further dilation , since it was impossible for the genius , the eloquence , the research , or the memory , of all its members to produce an achievement , whose glory at all equalled the splendour of the capture of Ciudad Rodrigo . made a single observation , in which he suggested the propriety of conferring some additional mark of gratitude on lord Wellington . was proceeding to notice some misrepresentation of what he had staled on the question of voting thanks to lord Minto , when he was interrupted by the Speaker , who informed him that such a subject was wholly irrelevant to the matter before the House . observed , that what he was about to remark might be irrelevant also , but he could not help inquiring why ministers had not proposed a Vote of Thanks to general Hill , for the defeat of general Girard , at Merida ? was anxious that the name of major Napier should not be for- 712 gotten among the list of those who had signally distinguished themselves . He was one of three brothers who had received among them eleven wounds . The late Sir John Moore had expressed his high opinion of this brave officer , who bad served and suffered in his country 's cause as much as any man in the army . paid a high compliment to the talents of lord Wellington , in whom the army had perfect confidence , whether he was acting on the defensive , or leading his troops to the attack . Another reason which induced him to concur in this vote was , the incitement it would be to young men yet undetermined to commence a career of glory in the army , when they held in prospect the honourable reward which was now bestowed . The Vote of Thanks to lord Wellington was then passed , nem . con . as were also the following . Resolved , nem . con . '' 2 . That the thanks of this House , be given to lieut . general Thomas Graham , second in command , to lieut . general Thomas Picton , major-general the hon . Charles Colville , major-general Robert Craufurd , major-general John Vandeleur , and to colonel Dennis Pack , brigadier-general in the Portuguese service , for their distinguished exertions-during the recent siege of Ciudad Rodrigo , which was gloriously terminated by the successful assault of that important fortress upon the evening of the 19th of January last . 3 . To the officers of the British and Portuguese forces who so nobly led the allied troops to the assault of Ciudad Rodrigo upon the evening of the 19th of January last , and brought the siege to a speedy and successful termination by exertions of the most signal valour and intelligence . 4 . To the officers belonging to the corps of royal engineers , and to the officers belonging to the royal artillery and Portuguese artillery , serving under the command of lord viscount Wellington at the recent seige of Ciudad Rodrigo , for the professional ability and indefatigable zeal displayed by them throughout the operation . 5 . That this House doth roost highly acknowledge and approve of the distinguished bravery , zeal , and discipline so conspicuously displayed by the