must also be unnecessary . He should be glad to know—but did not then press for an answer—whether four new lords of the bedchamber were to be added to the Prince Regent 's establishment , in the place of those in attendance on his Majesty . In his opinion , whatever was taken from the usual 171 establishment of his Majesty , when in the exercise of the royal functions , should be restored to the Regent by new appointments . As to the estimated expence , he understood that 100,000l . were to be taken from the Civil List , to support the dignity of the sovereign ; together with a sum of 60,000l . for his privy purse , and 10,000l . from the Duchy of Lancaster , making 170,000l . From this 35,000l . must be deducted , leaving 135,000l . to defray the charges necessary for the care of the royal person . There were also 10,000l . to her Majesty , on which , as he wished to treat her with the most delicate respect , he would not say one word . That made 145,000 . But the right hon . gentleman had omitted one point , namely , that as the Civil List now stood , her Majesty received 58,000l . from it . This would make a sum total of 203,000l . as the actual amount to be placed at her disposal , for the care of herself and of his Majesty . His objection here was , that splendid personages were to be placed round his Majesty , at the same time that the Queen also had splendid personages attached to her household . Why could not one Master of the Robes and one Treasurer serve for both ? It was not well to let it go out to the country , that , in his Majesty 's present state , a Master of the Robes was necessary to take care of his dress . The Civil List being reduced by the 100,000l . drawn from it , and the Prince Regent being obliged to throw 50,000l . into it , would leave him 120,000l . ; 50,000l . which he gave in aid of the list , and 70,000l . which remained in his own hands as Prince of Wales . It had been said , that the diminished expences to which the Regent was liable , compared with those incurred by his Majesty , made up for the difference of income . That was a point that required explanation . If those of the royal family , who were formerly supported out of the Civil List by his Majesty , were not to look to the Prince Regent for support , if he was to be released from that burden , then , so far , there was a diminution of expence ; but , if that was not the case , then he was not relieved one farthing . If the estimated 100,000l for his Majesty 's support , included all who resided in his family , that was certainly a reason for expecting that 70,000l . would defray the Regent 's expenditure . If the right hon . gentleman meant to inform them , that , notwithstanding the additional sums which they were called on to vote in aid of the 172 Civil List , parliament must look forward to an annual exceeding of 124,000l . on the average ; although he could understand the assertion , yet , till the accounts were laid before him , he could not give an opinion on its accuracy . But , before his Royal Highness undertook to administer the Civil List , that question ought to be set at rest . They were told that the Civil List of Scotland , and the Droits of Admiralty , went to defray the exceeding , and if they were not sufficient , then the House would be called on . To this system parliament , by a side-wind , were desired to pledge themselves ; but , until the necessity for 124,000l . was proved , he would not vote for