for the destruction of an evil , but for the continuance of a blessing in the army . The system of punishment against which the clause was levelled , was one which was already abandoned in principle by many great military characters ; and be should not , therefore , take any abstract views of it . He did not either conceive it necessary to trace this mode of punishment to its origin , although it might not be amiss to say , that it was first introduced here by king William amongst his Dutch troops ; it was sufficient for the House to know that it now existed in England alone : that it Was not practised in France , nor in the military states of Germany ; and that so far from corporal punishment being upheld in foreign armies , an officer would be likely to fall a sacrifice to the indignation of the soldiery , if he dared to raise his hand against a person in the ranks . He believed , contrary to what was said by other gentlemen , that the discussions on this subject were productive of great good . Was it not in consequence of them , that courts-martial were now sworn , —that the evidence before them was obliged to be given on oath , —and that the discretionary power of commuting punishment was in existence ? —He particularly objected to regimental courts martial , and to corporal punishment generally , which was inflicted for trifling offences—such as the soldier being too late at drill—too late on parade , and being asleep on his post . He had the honour of belonging to the 1st regiment of foot guards formerly , when the late duke of Gloucester commanded that regiment ; that illustrious person never interfered but to do some good to the regiment . Such was the case with his royal highness the duke of York . was glad to see that the discussions on this subject had been productive , at least , of one effect ; it was now in fact , avowed on all sides of the House , with scarcely any exceptions , that the abolition of the species of punishment under consideration was quite impracticable . The hon . baronet had spoken in just terms of praise of the memory of Mr. Windham ; but if he ( lord P. ) knew any thing of that high character , he was Convinced that that right hon . gentleman could have heard nothing with more indignation than the hon . baronet 's comparison , this night , of the soldiers of England 1282 to negro-slaves . Nothing could have been more repugnant to his feelings , than to hear the hon . baronet describe the army as the most degraded and most wretched of human beings . The whole of the hon . baronet 's speech was made up of a series of contradictions ; every sentence , in fact , seemed to be filled with propositions hostile to each other ; such , for instance , as saying in one breath , that the condition of our army was most degraded—and in the next , that this degraded army performed the most glorious exploits . He did not think it fair to argue from analogy against this mode of punishment . In foreign armies , where corporal punishment was not systematic , there existed what was still more degrading to men—a system of wanton and capricious ill-usage.—Trial by courts-martial was governed by the strict principle of justice , and therefore could not be said to overthrow the energies of the men . With respect to corporal punishment , it was not coeval with the present war as had been asserted , but had existed in all times when the military service was called into action . The House , upon the mere assertion of the hon . baronet , would not , he trusted , abolish the practice , unless some satisfactory proposition was brought forward , and the hon . baronet had declared , that so far from making any such proposition , `` he