but Portuguese was the general cry . Prejudice , however , did not long stand still upon the Portuguese . The next tribe of for reigners arraigned and convicted , were the Irish— ( a laugh ) —it was nothing but an Irish murder , and could have been done only by Irishmen ! Beastly as this prejudice was , the Shadwell magistrates were not ashamed to act up to it in all the meanness and bigotry of its indignant spirit , viewing the murder in no less alight than that of a Popish plot . They commenced an indiscriminate hunt after the Irish people ; and when they had them before them , in order to come at once to the plot , they began with the deep leader of are you a Papist ? ' or , if you deny that you are , shew that you do n't know how `` to cross yourself . ' Amidst this general suspicion of aliens and Irishmen , he wished to know whether the right hon . gentleman had thought it necessary to resort to the Alien Office . He wished to know whether he had ever any consultation upon this subject with the gentlemen at the head of the Alien Office . Had he asked Mr. Reeves one single question about this formidable proposition of enquiring into the state of the nightly watch ? He had once moved in that House , that the gentleman to whom he alluded ( Mr. Reeves ) should be prosecuted for a libel upon that House by his Majesty 's Attorney General ; yet he should not fear , to appeal to that gentleman to confirm him in saying , that the right hon . Secretary had had no communication , with him whatever . He asked of that right hon . gentleman whether he had ever been in the same room with Mr. Reeves ? whether he had ever seen him for the last year and a half ? From this one circumstance the House would see what sort of a head of a police they had in their present State Secretary for the Home Department . Had he consulted with the head of the Alien Office ? Had he consulted with the proper officers of the district ? Had he consulted with the police magistrates of any of the divisions ? Had he consulted with anyone likely to give him information upon the subject ? If he had not , and he believed he had not then was it to be the less wondered at , that the right hon . Secretary for the Home Department had thought it sufficient , upon such an occasion , to be delivered of his solemn proposition for inquiring into the state and condition of , the nightly , watch But 217 grave and solemn as this proposition was , the right hon . Secretary had agreed to abandon it , and for what ? An Amendment , that was as odd and new a proposition for amending an original motion , as any he had ever heard proposed . In general an amendment was some small addition to , or alteration of , the words of the original motion ; but here the original motion was but a small scrap of the amendment ; it was like tacking the loaf to the crust and not the crust to the loaf ; so that his learned friend 's large loaf had quite hid from their view the morsel of crust which the right hon . Secretary had proposed for their relief . It was pretty much in the same way as if the original motion had been for a Committee to inquire into the amount of the pitch and tar lodged in one of his Majesty 's dock-yards , whereupon it should be proposed to move as an Amendment , that the said Committee be further instructed to inquire into the state of the Naval Stores , Victualling , Manning , Equipment , and general Discipline of his Majesty 's Navy . As to the original motion in the case before the House—the state of