unnecessary . Without discipline had been preserved , the army would never have obtained the glory they had gained ; and the privates were better situated than any other army in the universe . He had beard much of the French discipline , but he liked nothing French , and it had been proved by the valour of the army , that the discipline of this country had the superiority . Under those considerations he was of opinion , that the proposition of the hon . baronet was inadmissible . said , he thought it his duty to support the motion ; but in so doing he did not wish it to be supposed that he adopted all the opinions of the hon . baronet by whom it had been brought forward . Those opinions he had not heard : but he had been informed by some friends near him that they could not vote for the motion , because of the opinions by which it had been introduced . He should therefore vote for the motion on its own intrinsic merit . The real question was , whether flogging should be continued or abolished . For his own part he could have no hesitation in saying , that he thought it ought to be abolished . It was a most disgraceful and degrading mode of punishment , and it was impossible it should not have the effect of de 1286 basing the mind of the man on whom it was inflicted . But this was not all—what he more particularly objected to was , the excess to which the punishment was carried . He adverted to a case which he had seen published lately by a missionary , who bad just arrived from the Cape of ( rood Hope , in which were related the sentences passed on two soldiers of our army there . One of them had deserted , and was sentenced to be shot , which was carried into immediate effect ; and for this , the highest offence a soldier could be guilty of against the discipline of the army , he was sent out of the world in a moment . The other for some crime of much less magnitude was doomed to receive a thousand lashes ; but when he bad suffered 224 , the surgeon represented he could not hear any more at that time . He was therefore remanded to prison till he should be able to receive the remainder ; but such was the effect which in that climate was produced by this primary laceration of his flesh and his feelings , that he died in a few hours ; and thus for the lesser crime of the two he suffered death aggravated by the pangs of the severest torture . Thus was a human being , for an offence which ought to have been visited with a mild punishment , sentenced to bear four times more than God had enabled him to endure . Who could deny that it would have been much better to have brought out the poor wretch and shot him at once ? It was horrible to think of a man 's receiving several hundred stripes given in the manner in which he had been informed this mode of punishment was generally administered . In his opinion , 100 lashes was a punishment of excessive and monstrous severity ; and could not fail to excite in those who suffered it , a dissatisfaction with , and a contempt of themselves ; in short , they must feel themselves incapable of afterwards entertaining any honourable feeling . He should be sorry to speak too warmly on the subject , but he totally differed in opinion from those who thought the discussion of the subject imprudent or impolitic . He was of opinion , on the contrary , that it had already been productive of very salutary consequences . If the arguments of the hon . baronet were such as had been represented to him , he totally disagreed with them ; but he by no means could agree with the objection to the clause , because