proceeded his lordship ) to state the governing principle which has actuated my mind in uniting myself to the existing government . I find that two systems are in being , supported by directly opposite interests ; and during the former administrations with whom I acted , whether of the present Chancellor of the Exchequer , or of lord Sidmouth , a great variety of opinions prevailed on the principle of Catholic emancipation ; but what all of us concurred in was this , that it was not the fit moment for forcing the question—we differed as to principle , we concurred as to time . My reason , then , for inclining to this side of the House rather than to the other is , that my sentiments more nearly accord with those of my friends round me , because the wish of gentlemen opposite is immediate and unregulated emancipation , to which it is impossible I should accede , unless , indeed , I should falter most essentially in those principles which it has been , and will continue to be , my pride to maintain unaltered . If , indeed , a government of united integrity and ability could have been formed , I should have been one of the last to discountenance it , or rather one of the first to offer it my weak support and assistance . Thus then , I think I have stated enough to satisfy the hon . gentlemen opposite . If not , I lament that their minds are not open to conviction , but this I can assure them , that I have satisfied myself . I trust , also that I have stated enough to 1026 convince the House of the purity of my motives in taking that alternative , which I conceived to be most conducive to the general welfare . '' With respect to the campaigns , if the hon . bart . thought it advisable to go into a committee on that subject , he ought to have done so two years earlier . Was it nothing , he would ask , to the military interests of this country , that in those campaigns Portugal had been wrested from the enemy ? He would contend that the first had procured the safety of the whole south of Spain and the port of Cadiz . He would moreover assert , that to the campaign in Estremadura we owed that other great hold in Spain , Gallicia . But for these , Portugal had not been ours . The port of Cadiz had been in the hands of the enemy , and the fleet of Ferrol seized upon . The allusion to Walcheren had more of parliamentary trick in it than of justice , and the hon . gentleman himself had been candid enough to allow on a former occasion , that he had afforded every means of enquiry . When the hon . gentleman said he was incompetent to the execution of such an undertaking , he should have recollected his own admission , that he had no fault to find with the execution . He thought his present declaration rather inconsistent with his former . As to the principles on which he should act , they were those which Mr. Pitt had sanctioned with his immortal name , and with his decided views of the policy of the country both external and internal , he should think himself apolitical coward if he were afraid to place his humble services at the disposal of the Prince Regent . It was for his Royal Highness to command , and under that command he would fight the battles of the constitution with alacrity . expressed his happiness at hearing what were called the dry principles of the noble lord who had just taken his seat ; they had undergone no change , and needed none , for any that were mote convenient for every emergency it was difficult to devise . His principles on the Catholic question were the same , namely , a principle which allowed him upon one occasion to be for the Catholics , on