The case of col. M'Mahon was that of an individual whose services merited a public remuneration . The power of giving pensions , instead of bestowing sinecures , had not been granted to the sovereign , and under those circumstances , the office in question falling vacant , it had been given to as worthy and as honourable an individual as the country could select , or the world afford . This however had been said to be disgraceful to the individual so appointed , derogatory to the Prince , and insulting to parliament . These observations it had been attempted to support , on the most futile grounds that could be well conceived , and on these it had been proposed to postpone the supplies called for by the country . The right hon . gent . concluded with expressing his hope that the proposition would not be acceded to , and that the amendment of the hon . gent . would be thrown out . fully subscribed to all that had been said in praise of colonel M'Mahon , but was not the more satisfied with the manner in which the official situation to which he had been appointed , had been 118 bestowed . Far from thinking that the high character of the individual justified the appointment and that consequently it ought not to be looked in to , he was of opinion that the more deserving the man , the more ought the appointment to be watched , as one fraught with danger and deserving reprehension . When a job was to be done , if a person generally obnoxious was selected to enjoy its profits , there was less reason to fear that men would forget their duty , and be cheated into silence , then when a man deservedly high in public estimation was so selected to enjoy a sinecure . The appointment , he contended , was insulting to parliament . It flew directly in the face of their resolutions . The abolition of the office of Paymaster of Widows ' Pensions , had been recommended not merely by the commissioners of 1783 , but that recommendation had been confirmed by the commissioners of military inquiry in 1808 , in the strongest manner possible . The House itself in 1810 , after no very mild debate , had given its sanction to the recommendation he had mentioned . In that year , after a great debate on the 31st of May and the 1st of June , and after one division , the House came to two resolutions which he would then read . The first he would call their attention to was of a very general nature , as it merely resolved , `` That the utmost attention to economy is at all times the duty of parliament . '' The second resolved , `` That it was the opinion of that Committee , that , in addition to the useful and effective measures already adopted for the abolition of sinecure offices , it was expedient to extend them to others , the duties of which were performed by deputy ; '' and a farther , amended resolution , after a long debate , resolved , `` That for this purpose , in addition to the useful and effective measures already adopted for the abolition of sinecures and of offices , the duties of which were executed by deputy , it was expedient to enable his majesty to reward in a different way those who had filled the high effective civil offices . '' He had the greatest respect for the high office held by colonel M'Mahon in the Prince 's household , but he contended that this did not bring him within the meaning of the last resolution . It was only understood to mean those who held high effective situations in the courts of justice , in the army and navy , and in the public , offices of state . With , this feeling it appeared to him a mere jest to talk of the situation 119 held by colonel M'Mahon as coming within the purview of the Resolution