from discussing the Orders in Council , but he could not help saying , that when they were first issued they were extremely popular among the mercantile classes of the community . This the hon . gentleman ( Mr. Baring ) had himself allowed in the pamphlet which he ( Mr. Wilberforce ) had read with all the attention it deserved . The House ought not , in discussing the policy of these Orders to be influenced therefore by feelings , which the present complaints from the same quarter were apt to excite ; but to look back on the past , as well as forward to the future , and to form a comprehensive view of what , under all the circumstances of the case , would be most beneficial to the country . He thought the war would be injurious to us , but much more so to America , but he could not think it possible that his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer , any `` more than himself , could look upon that as a reason for wishing for hostilities . His right hon . friend presided over the country , and was bound particularly to watch over its interests , but his mind was not so narrow , his views so contracted , or his principles and feelings so circumscribed , as to adopt such a rule of reasoning or of acting . He would repeat , they should make any consistent sacrifices , but they should not give up what was necessary to the support of their commerce , to the supply of their marine force , or to the prosperity of the nation . One of his reasons for the vote he should give this night was the propriety of preventing angry discussions , to which America might look , without ' making those allowances for the eagerness of debate , which ought always to be made , and which she might be induced to regard as specimens of the more deliberate feelings of the heart , of which in fact , they were no specimen . There was , he would assert , whatever might be the impressions of particular persons , there was a wish in this country to conciliate America , to treat her with every attention and every respect . This was evident from the manner in which the American minister had been received in all public assemblies while in this country , and from the warm and cordial feeling which was manifested towards him . He did not know whether it was prudent to say so or not , but he could not help thinking that the conduct of the American government and people , was not actuated by the same 791 feeling with respect to us . He could not help expressing his astonishment at an assertion of the hon . gentleman on the floor ( Mr. Whitbread ) that the conduct of the American government had been impartial between this country and France . That hon . gentleman had on this occasion , spoken in a manner very unlike himself . But still he would again assert , that there was hardly any sacrifice compatible with the safety and honour of Great Britain , which he would not make to re-establish and confirm the amity between the two nations ; while on the other hand , he trusted that every intelligent American must perceive , that a sacrifice which should ruin our navy , would eventually lead to the destruction of America herself . said , that in voting against the motion , he was not guided by the view taken of the subject by the right hon . ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) who asserted , that the production of the papers might interfere with a pending negociation ; nor was he influenced by the argument of his hon . friend ( Mr. Wilberforce ) that America might be exasperated by such a discussion . But be acted from this feeling , that if the subject were entertained at present , it would be a sort of imputation of