on all sides ; lawyer against lawyer ; evil against evil ; longrobe against longrobe ; bat would the fire which raged at present in Ireland be extinguished by all the twenty-five law suits , or by all the sufferings of the members of the Irish committee ? The evil did not exist in this or that chief justice , or in this or that Secretary ; but in the law itself ; and in order to produce satisfaction it was necessary to repeal the law . When an artery in the political body was tied up , that body naturally fell into convulsions . The Irish Catholics exhausted their treasure and their blood in the defence of the empire ; the people of England were not insensible to their merits , nor unwilling to acknowledge their merits ; and supposing the minister should procure a temporary triumph , he would tell him that the honest feeling , that the honour and honesty of the people of England would not long support him in that triumph . Whether this country should stand or fall in her struggle with the enemy of Europe , he wished it might stand or fall with Ireland—but with Ireland in the possession of equal privileges and equal rights . observed , that the right hon . 668 gentleman who spoke last , had swept away all the arguments of his friends with respect to the construction of the Convention act , for he fairly admitted that , at the time it passed , he was aware that it was directed against delegation . After this admission , he had a right to call upon those who had , upon a misconception of the intention of the act , spoken for the motion , now to vote against it . The late right hon . Chancellor of Ireland , and the right hon . gentleman who spoke last , were quite at variance with regard to the meaning of the act , and he should leave it to themselves to reconcile their jarring opinions . said , that the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had called upon his noble friend who had brought forward the present question , to vote against his own proposition , because it had been supported on grounds different from those on which he had originally moved it . Mr. T. stated , that he felt it due to himself , as well as to his noble friend , to declare distinctly the view he took of the subject . On a motion for a committee to take into consideration the State of Ireland , it was not extraordinary that different gentlemen should recommend such a proceeding on different grounds . For my own part , said the right hon . gentleman , I swear by my vote to ex press no censure on what has recently passed in the courts of law in Ireland , either with respect to the judges or the juries . As to the ministers here , or in Ireland , it is new to me to be told , that a motion ought to be resisted because it has a tendency to criminate them . Such an argument , if admitted , would put a stop to all inquiries . Whether the motion now proposed would lead to a censure on the government for their conduct , can only be ascertained by a full examination into all the circumstances which have taken place . At present it is enough to say , that the state of Ireland , upon the shewing of ministers themselves , is such as to demand the immediate and anxious attention of this House . We are bound , as I think , to take it into consideration ; but if we go into a committee , my own earnest advice to my noble friend would be , to postpone all other objects to that most important one , the repeal of those harsh and impolitic laws which now oppress the Catlrolics . That is the great and most urgent point for deliberation , and to that , in