out of the hands of ministers—if he agreed in his opinion of their principles , he should certainly come to the same conclusion ; but reposing as he did a perfect confidence in his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer , trusting as he did to the purity of his motives , and the uprightness of his views , he could not deny his claims to the confidence of the House , when he declared that the production of the papers in question would have an injurious tendency . As to the point of conciliation , he agreed in its propriety , and also in the answer which was given to it . If his hon . and learned relation ( Mr. Stephen ) had followed the last speaker , he certainly must have gone into the whole of the argument respecting the Orders in Council , bat would that have tended to conciliation ? When they knew the different opinions entertained by the two great parties , they must know that it was not ; when they looked further , and considered the nature of public discussions , on one side the conduct of America arraigned , on the other that conduct justified , and the conduct of England deprecated , and when they considered how far the passions and prejudices 789 of men were liable to hurry them in such a discussion , they must agree that the great and important end of conciliation was not likely to be answered under such circumstances . If the object was conciliation , the discussion of the different topics of complaint and recrimination did not afford the best means of its accomplishment . The motion evidently was not for knowledge , as every person was individually possessed of it at present ; it was therefore a preparation for discussion , which , as he had already declared , could not answer the purpose intended.—He would confess , and he was not ashamed to confess it , that there was not at all times a sufficient attention in this country to the spirit of conciliation towards other countries , and particularly towards America . It would be well if persons in high situations of government had been more abundant in their civilities to that nation , which , being a new one , was naturally more jealous of etiquette , possibly from feeling that it did not stand on as high ground as other and older states . The happiness of millions was at stake . There was scarcely any measure likely to prevent a war , in which he would not willingly follow his hon . friend , if he might be permitted to call him so , who with great consistency had always been ready to sacrifice private feelings to the promotion of such objects as the present , and therefore he ( Mr. Wilberforce ) should oppose the motion , because he did not think it calculated to promote the spirit of conciliation , and consequently not likely to prevent the dreadful extremity which it must be the wish of all to avert . He well remembered that at the time of what was called the great American war , appeals were made to the national honour ; he disapproved of such appeals , either then or now , because he did not think the national honour committed . It was not by discussing the various topics of injury , nor by representing the danger to be apprehended , or the melancholy state of our commerce at present , that we should make any advance in the spirit of conciliation . He believed that the state of our commerce was melancholy , but then it should be remembered , that that melancholy state brought along with it dispositions against which it would be necessary to guard , and among others a disposition to impatience , a disposition to grasp at any thing rather than wait for the proper result of measures , the result of which after all might be found to contradict 790 the prophecies of those who opposed them . He should abstain cautiously