but if the noble lord were to originate such a bill , he would be told by the opposite side of the House , that it would be better for him to let it alone . If they were to look to the right honourable and learned gentlemen who were so peculiarly qualified to carry through this reformation , he was afraid that they had already so much important business on their hands , that it would prevent them from coming forward in time with it . He remembered a case of peculiar hardship , which came to his knowledge two years ago . Two poor women , for a contempt in an Ecclesiastical Court , had been confined in Nottingham during 11 years . He had been there after , nine years imprisonment , and he found that they possessed a very good moral character , that they were enthusiasts , and in their principles nearly resembling Quakers , but differing from them in some peculiarities , they were not members of that sect . It happened that these women bore a dislike to the mode of solemnizing marriage prescribed by the Church of England . They were dragged before an Ecclessastical Court , at the instance of some cruel , malevolent , and bigotted individuals , for living in a state of fornication ; and being cited by their maiden names , and refusing to answer to such names from a scruple of 317 conscience , they were involved in an imprisonment of 11 years , and were at last set at liberty merely because their persecutors were tired of harrassing them any longer . [ Here it was stated by some member near the hon . gentleman , that the period of imprisonment had only been 7 years ] . Not long ago it had been the practice of pressing a criminal who refused to plead , till he consented to plead . This blot existed till at last a judge had thought proper to bring about a reformation , and it was enacted , that a refusal to plead was an acknowledgment of guilt . What did he infer from this ? That Ecclesiastical Courts ought to act in the very same manner , and proceed to inflict that punishment on offenders which the offence , deserved , without imprisoning for 7 years , in the manner which had been stated ; for if such a punishment were directly ; awarded , the whole country would cry out against its barbarity.—It had been objected , that the appointment of a Committee , would cast a slur on the courts ; yet , was it not a standing order , that a grand committee of inquiry into courts of justice should sit every Saturday ? Perhaps his noble friend would have no objection to this great committee , instead of the one he proposed . As to the Spiritual courts being principally concerned in cases of meum & tuum , would it not be better that these subjects should be confined to the common law courts , and that there should not be the option of a suit , which was less convenient , expensive and arbitrary . Would property or person be affected , or the constitution of the country-be injured , if the Spiritual jurisdiction in these matters were removed ? —The hon . gentleman concluded with expressing his opinion , that the mode proposed by his noble friend was the best that could be adopted , that all others would fail , and that as they had never yet seen any attempts made by those who were best qualified to provide a proper remedy , so no attempts would in all probability be made in future by them , and he would therefore give his vote for the motion of the noble lord . said , it might be true that hardships existed , but had there been any mal-administration of justice , had inferior courts acted differently from what , must have been done by superior ones ? Had the judges done more than the law absolutely required ? An hon . gentleman