instance ) had been contributed in compensation , according to the terms of the guarantee . As for the sum of 12,000,000l . which , by the act of 1793 , was to have accumulated from the profits of the company as a guarantee fund for their capital stock , to this moment not a single farthing had been contributed to it . In the time of king William , the East India Company had paid a valuable consideration for their exclusive trade ; and also in the reign of queen Anne , on the mere renewal of their charter , and so on different occasions of renewals of their charter , this principle of valuable consideration being given for their exclusive trade was observed till the period of 1767 . From 1765 , however—the year of the great military achievements of lord Clive in India , the East India Company had altogether changed their character of merchants for sovereigns ; from this period to the present the Company had not only paid no consideration to the state for their exclusive trade , but with the great territorial provinces they had become possessed of , they had become a constant burden and grievance to the nation , and even to themselves . For a solution of this difficulty , he begged to refer the House to the 9th Report of the year 1780 , which was drawn up by Mr. Burke with great perspicuity and extensive learning . Thence it would appear , that the Company were 674 no longer merchants , but the great landholders of India : that they fitted out vast fleets , not for the conveyance of merchandise , but to carry out stores , and to bring back tribute . No wonder , therefore , that where there was no trade there could be no proceeds to fulfil the articles of their agreement If the House would give the deserved attention to that luminous report , and to the examination of Mr. Hastings , they might , instead of the monstrous farce of a private committee , be able to take a proper view of the subject . There were additional reasons why the discussion should be public : one was , the present actual decline of trade in this country . As a proof of it , gentlemen would see from the returns of the property-tax , in 1811 , that they were less than the returns of 1810 , by 1,100,000l . which did not arise from any deficit in the rents of land , nor from any depreciation of stock , but from a failure in trade and manufactures . If this decline in the tax were 1,100,000l . it would be seen that the total loss was ten times more ; that was 11 millions.—He then stated from his own knowledge the great revolution of trade and commerce in Liverpool , in whose docks there now appeared nothing but a dismantled commercial navy . He had then in his hands a document from the town of Liverpool , which declared the numerous distresses which had occurred in the last year . From this it appeared , that so great had been the accumulation of distress , that in the first week of last month , relief had been given to 8,000 poor persons ; in the second , to 11,000 ; in the third week , to 13,000 ; in the last , to 15,000 . He mentioned these important and melancholy facts , for the purpose of impressing upon the House the urgent necessity there was for their giving all their attention to any subject that held out a prospect of new commercial advantages to the state , such as a free trade to the Eastern world.—To shew the advantage of a free trade to the East Indies , the hon . member then referred to the first years of the Protectorate , in which period the trade was open , and flourished ; and to the example of America , which derived the most beneficial results from a free trade . He had no doubt that if the people