been questioned , but that the government should be accused with having taken the people of Ireland by surprise ? Surprise ! after every part of the conduct of the Irish government had been fully discussed ; after every man in Ireland had been made acquainted with the detail , and with the result of these discussions , and after the public declarations which I had made in this House , that it was the firm determination of the government to enforce the Convention act , if the Committee again had recourse to their former measures . I shall certainly not fatigue the House by going into a detail of all the circumstances and events which gave rise to the Circular Letter of last year.—I shall not repeat the statement which I was under the necessity of making of the whole conduct of the Catholic Committee.—I shall not repeat all the intemperate and inflammatory language which was used in that Committee , and with which the factious prints in Dublin were daily filled , because , I trust , that the subject is still fresh in the recollection of the members of this House : it will be sufficient for me to remind gentlemen , that the assembly called the Catholic Committee was formed in 1793 , was revived in , 1809 , and in 1810 it was again reestablished . It has been repeatedly asked , why , if the Irish government entertained such an opinion of the conduct of the Catholic Committee , they had not interfered before ? 570 Why , if their conduct and their language had been so intemperate and so inflammatory , the government bad not sooner resorted to the powers they were invested with , to put a stop to such proceedings ? The answer which I before gave , and which I shall now give , was the true one . The Irish government was anxious to treat the whole Catholic body with lenity , and to administer the law in the spirit in which it ought to be administered , with tenderness ; and , although the lord lieutenant was aware that the assembly was unlawful , yet , being composed of Catholics , he did not proceed against them as he would have proceeded against any other of the King 's subjects . The lord lieutenant hoped that the forbearance which was thus manifested , would produce a proper effect ; that the loyal and well disposed part of the Catholic body would be able to counteract the efforts , and repress the violence of those who were endeavouring to excite dissatisfaction and irritation ; the lord lieutenant saw the danger , but hoped it would be temporary , and therefore ad-stained from interfering as long as he could consistently with the general tranquillity of the country . This was the plain and true reason why the government of Ireland did not interfere before ; and yet they Were to be accused of intolerance towards the Catholics , of treating them with harshness , of taking them by surprise , and of acting illegally , in order to prevent them from petitioning . Having stated the motives by which the lord lieutenant of Ireland had been actuated , I shall now proceed to say a few words upon what has fallen from the hon . and learned gentleman who spoke last . That hon . and learned gentleman is completely mistaken in what he has said respecting the causes which led to the passing of the Convention act , and the object which it had in view . He must be wholly unacquainted with all the circumstances relative to that act , if he supposes that ft was meant to apply to any one class or denomination of people whatever . The meaning of the act is distinct ; its application is general , without any regard to Protestants or Catholics . It was enacted just before the Convention proposed to be held at Athlone . I have beard a great deal said about the existence of Catholic Committees ever since the year 1757 , and 571 that now ,