advantage likely to result from an enquiry . wished that there was a standing order of the House that no enactment which involved capital punishment , should be made without previous inquiries by a committee as to the necessity of such enactment . With regard to the infliction of the punishment of death , so far from its operating as a check upon crimes , he maintained that it had rather increased than diminished them . It had been observed by the hon . member for Nottingham , that the disturbers went about armed ; but it was to be remembered , that the penalty of death now proposed to be inflicted , was for breaking frames , and not for using arms . He regretted that distress should have driven them to such acts , but the question for he House to consider was , whether the punishment provided by the present Bill would prevent the repetition of such excesses . Would the facilities of conviction be increased by it ? Certainly not . Was there any occasion for haste in passing the Bill ? Certainly not . He repeated his wish , therefore , that a committee should be appointed , in order that no penal enactment should pass without such solemnity and such inquiry , as might leave recorded evidence of the grounds upon which Parliament had acted . Might it not otherwise be thought , `` as it was generally thought by all who had written upon the criminal code of this country , that we inflicted the penalty of death too slightly ? If a committee were to be proposed , he should certainly vote for its appointment . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had laid great stress on this being only meant as a temporary act , but the House ought to proceed with caution . The statute of the 39th of Elizabeth , relative to soldiers and sailors begging in the streets , which had so lately been brought under the notice of the House , was at first only a temporary law ; but it was from time to time continued , and at length became perpetual , to the disgrace of the statute book . He could not divest himself of the opinion that a committee ought to precede the enactment of death . He was 823 not inclined to oppose the first reading of the Bill , but would caution the House to use due deliberation . He believed he was the first person who had called the attention of the House to these riots , and on that occasion he expressed something like a doubt whether the Secretary of State for the Home Department had done his duty : he was happy however now to add , that from inquiries which he had made , he was convinced that the right hon . gentleman had done his duty in a most exemplary manner : and this was the opinion of all who had opportunities of knowing the fact . The magistrates of the town of Nottingham had also done their duty , in a manner no less exemplary : and what was the consequence ? The evil had been cured . No frames had been broken in that town for the last month ; and there was every reason to believe , that if no legal enactment were to take place , no more frames would be destroyed . With regard to the country , however , there might be reasons for the adoption of a different system . He by no means disapproved of the system of watch and ward , but the House should recollect that they were now about to legislate for a temporary evil , and that every act of legislation done in a hurry generally left a lasting disgrace on those who passed it . He begged , therefore , for delay , and hoped that after the first reading a committee would be appointed . , before he could consent to add to the number of capital punishments , must be convinced that the existing laws were insufficient .