had displayed in its support . He was sure he was not paying an ill compliment to that noble lord to say , that he deplored , however , in common with other members , the calamity which had taken it out of those hands which were fully competent to do it justice . But at the same time he could not withhold his strong disapprobation , both of the mode adopted on the present occasion by the other side of the House , and of the object which that mode was intended to accomplish . He did not in the first place , think it a wise or proper thing to bring the conduct of the courts of law in Ireland under the review of the House of Commons , because it might lead to a decision in that House , which preserved no appellant jurisdiction , prejudicial to the judgment of the question by the appropriate tribunal . The noble lord had not said , nor did he believe that he intended to say , that he had any charge to bring against the court of King 's bench in Ireland ; but the effect of his motion , if carried , must be to stigmatize that court , because the motion was so framed as to take into its purview the double ground of the claims of the Catholics and the conduct of the Irish administra- 662 tion . And the true friends of the Catholic cause bad reason to complain that they were thus attempted to be caught , by voting for one object , into an admission of the truth of the alleged misconduct of the Irish government . Why did not gentlemen bring a specific charge against that government , and try it fairly on its own merits ? This would have been an honourable , a candid , and a manly cause of procedure . But no , at a time when , according to the representations of an honourable member , the existence of the present administration was drawing to a close , it was deemed necessary to make a display of the strength of those who avowed themselves competitors for the succession . The hon . gentleman to whom he had attributed the expression , was now in his place , and could answer for himself . [ Mr. Parnell disclaimed the words imputed to him . ] resumed , and assured the House that he was not the only person who had been deceived . The right hon . gentleman then entered into a vindication of the measures of the Irish government , and solemnly professed it to be his opinion , that looking at the constitution of the Catholic Convention and its recent proceedings , if no such law as the Convention act had been in existence , it would have been the indispensible duty of his Majesty 's ministers to have proposed to the legislature the immediate adoption of some similar provision . But , whatever difference of opinion might prevail on this subject , it would at least have been the most open and manly way of proceeding to have tried the question of the Irish government separately , and not to have mingled it with the question of Catholic concession , for the obvious purpose of collecting every stray vote which conviction , on one point , joined to uncertainty on another , might be the means of furnishing . He was at the same time fully persuaded that in lending all the weight of their sanction to the meetings of a Convention sitting permanently , equalling almost in number the united parliament , and representing every order of Catholic society , the gentlemen opposite , whether they expected to remain where they were , or to succeed to office , were acting a most impolitic and dangerous part . Such , however was the violence of party feeling , such their desire of condemning government , that their better judgment had been misled , and had become blinded to the 663 consequences of their own counsels . `` Upon the general subject of the Catholic