see the period arrive when all necessity for licences should be removed . He , therefore , in his turn begged the House , while they recollected the important fact stated by the last speaker , not to forget the satisfactory answer he had given to it . rose , and said , he was anxious to state the grounds on which he should give the Bill his support . Those who opposed the measure insisted chiefly on the necessity which they conceived existed for going into a previous enquiry . If that enquiry should tend to ascertain the causes of the violation of the laws , it would certainly be beneficial ; but he was against it because it would produce delay . The great cause of the disturbances he considered to be the decay of trade . The measures of the emperor of France were evidently their main causes ; and it was nothing less than wilfully deluding the country , to hold out a hope that greater commercial embarrassments , greater severity of distress , than the country had hitherto felt , were not yet to be endured . As to the disputes between the masters and the workmen , he did not think it right to enquire into them , as causes of the riots ; —such enquiry only tended to inflame the minds of the working-men , who generally concluded that they had rights which were infringed upon by the masters : and that they were justifiable in retaliating violence on thorn for the infringement of those supposed rights . The terror of death , he conceived , though it would have little effect on men habituated to guilt , would operate powerfully on the general mind . The atrocity of the offence against which the present Bill was intended , was as deep as any offence against property could be ; and such , in his opinion , as called for the severest punishment . Another reason for having recourse to the punishment of death was , the difficulty of detection . When crimes became difficult of detection , the necessary and only resource was severity of punishment . As to the objections against the Bill , that it would involve persons who were within the letter , and not the spirit of it , there was little danger , he imagined , to be apprehended from any unfortunate result of that kind arising from it . contended , that the Bill was not directed against the real danger , which was combination ; it only looked to individual offenders . He did not think that ministers had used either the ordinary civil means , or the extraordinary military means which they possessed , to active and proper advantage . The poor deluded people who were the objects of this Bill were greatly to be pitied . They were in want of bread ; and any measure of the legislature would not , he was afraid , be 849 able to put down the risings of hunger . The great evil , and the spring of every minor evil , was the continuance of the war . said the debates on this subject had disclosed two important facts ; in the first place it appeared that the late disturbances were caused by the decay of our trade : in the next , that a large number of the inhabitants of one part of the county had been almost in a state of insurrection . Far from thinking that there was any merit in the conduct of his Majesty 's ministers , to him it appeared that great demerit was there to be seen . He thought the subject was not treated by the honourable House as so grave a subject ought to be treated . It ought to be most carefully looked into , as ministers had brought the country into a situation , to extricate it from which all the wisdom of parliament was required . He was averse to increasing the number of capital punishments . Were the laws of Draco the best the world had ever seen , because they were