. baronet to bring this subject under the consideration of the House ; but wishing , however , that it might not again be brought before parliament . He differed from the hon . baronet in the mode most likely to effect the object which he had in view . If the condition of soldiers was considered , it would appear that it was indispensibly necessary to resort to a different mode of punishment than was adopted in ordinary society . He saw no good that could attach either to the civil or military government , by the introduction of a tone and spirit ; in the army such as was attempted to be introduced ; it was holding out both to the army and the country , that the present code was not desirable , and therefore ought to be dispensed with . He conceived that the discretion could not be in better hands than in those of a British officer ; and he therefore should object to the motion . begged leave to correct the hon . baronet in what he had said respecting promotions , by stating that after the battle of Albuera , and after many other battles that , had been fought in Portugal , lord Wellington ordered the list of Serjeants to be sent to him , for the purpose of promoting those to be officers who had behaved well—and be also , as colonel of a militia regiment , had had an opportunity of promoting three into the line , who now held commissions in the regular army . The hon . baronet had also wished that monthly returns were sent in to the Commander in Chief , specifying the number and nature of the crimes committed , the punishment inflicted , & c. He could inform him that half-yearly returns to that effect were now sent in to the office of the Commander in Chief . He expressed his regret that the hon . baronet should have relied on the publications of certain officers , and he also regretted that those officers high in rank should have made public their opinions on the subject ; it would have conduced more to the benefit of the service if they had stated those opinions to the government , or to the Commander in Chief , for he well knew that illustrious person had the most sincere desire to abolish corporal punishment . The right hon . and learned gentleman had completely answered most of the hon . baronet 's arguments . He had never understood there was any difference in the instruments by which punishments were inflicted . The distinction between 1279 punishments in foreign service and the British service , was that a British officer dare not lift his hand to strike a soldier , and that in the French service the men were cruelly beat by their officers . The condition of the British soldier was this , that he felt himself not degraded but much elevated above the soldiers of every other nation in Europe , in every point of view . In illustration of this assertion , he might refer to the character of the 15th dragoons , in which regiment discipline was strictly enforced ; and that regiment had distinguished itself during the war on various occasions , in the most exemplary manner . observed , that corporal punishment had been inflicted in the reign of queen Elizabeth , and in the war of Marlborough , and yet the army , as might be seen in the history of Sully , in the former reign , was distinguished for valour and discipline before Rouen . And on their conduct in the latter period , it was unnecessary for him to say any thing . It had been said on a former night , by an hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Brougham ) , that it was owing to the opinions of Mr. Cobbett that corporal punishment was abated . He did not know what might have been the military education of Mr. Cobbett , but he believed , that if he bad felt the terror of the