; and would only observe , that first reports of that sort were generally very inaccurate and imperfect , and the repetition of them ought not to be lightly hazarded . thought the House ought not to come to this resolution till they had further documents on the subject , as , at present , they saw nothing to justify lord Minto for going out of his government . The hon . ex-director who spoke last on this occasion seemed willing to set aside a very good rule observed in another place , namely , never to vote thanks or a pension for services in India , till the party returned , and his whole conduct had gone under review and consideration : In his opinion , lord Minto had enough to do at the seat of government , and his absenting himself was extremely censurable . Neither could any thing be more improper than for a civil officer to go as a check with a military force ; as an example of which , he had heard that if it had depended on lord Minto 's opinion , the expedition would have been abandoned altogether on the eve of its accomplishment . He would therefore give his vote against the motion . professed his decided conviction that lord Minto had justly earned the thanks of the House , by the skilful and judicious plans which he had directed to be put in execution . In quitting his government , it was impossible that he could 143 have been actuated by any other motives than what were connected with the public good and with his public duty , namely , as governor general . agreed with the right hon . gentleman who spoke last , as to the motives by which it was evident lord Minto must have been influenced in his temporary departure from the seat of government . He thought , also , that the right hon . gentleman who opposed the motion , should have proved that during lord Minto 's absence , any risk to the civil government was incurred , or that any injury was actually sustained . This , however , he believed could not be done . He regretted also , that it should have occurred to the right hon . gentleman to compare his superintendance of the military expedition to Java , to the controul exercised by a deputy of the French directory . With regard to that responsibility which every commander ought occasionally to assume to himself , in defiance of the strict line marked out for him by the government at home , he thought it the prime feature of a British commander , and it was such a responsibility that lord Nelson took upon himself when he quitted his station in the Mediterranean , and proceeded to the West Indies in quest of the French fleet . Under all the circumstances , therefore , he could not reconcile to himself to give a silent vote in favour of a man who had deserved so well of his country ; of a man who had incurred every risk of responsibility which success might justify , but which , had he failed , would only have subjected him , perhaps , to ignominy and censure—As to the statements of the hon . baronet , he himself had seen private communications of a very different tendency . While , however , he was in favour of the motion , he could not refrain from saying a few words as to the policy of the capture ; and here , he was afraid , it might be justly said , that if we were to send ; British troops to keep it , we had gained a loss . We had not the means of sending out troops to garrison the country ; and ought rather to communicate freedom and commence to the natives , for the purpose of rendering them independent of every European power . said , that he had paid every attention to the subject under discussion which it seemed to him to require , and was sorry , therefore