such as could not fail to excite the surprise of those unacquainted with the subject . He would briefly state them to the House . There had been committed to take their trial for felonies of various kinds , at the Old Bailey , In the year 1806 899 1807 1017 1808 1110 1809 1314 1810 1424 The number who had been committed during the year 1811 , had not been ascertained , but from the above statement it appeared , that there had been an increase of committals during the short period of five years , of 525 ; and this , too , during a time of war . For it was a received maxim , that fewer offences were committed in a period of war than in a period of peace ; seeing that many bold and daring characters were embarked in the service of their country , and rendered useful against her enemies , instead of becoming dangerous at home . Among all the calamities that attended a state of war , there was hitherto one advantage to be derived from it , namely that it afforded greater domestic security in the way he had already described . But in the case of this country of late , so far from being able to calculate on this solitary advantage , we were presented with the melancholy phenomenon of a protracted war , and a continually increasing measure of offences , against the peace and good order of society . What , then , it would be right to inquire into , were the causes to which this augmentation was to be attributed ? Many might be urged , but at present he would only notice a few , with a view to impress upon the House the absolute necessity of going into a more extensive examination of this subject than would be embraced by a Committee appointed to , inquire into the state of the nightly watch . The first cause , perhaps , was the system of punishment , so long , and he would say , without meaning offence to any individuals , so obstinately perserved in . He did not allude 200 here to the frequency of capital punishments , but to the punishments less than death , and , above all , to , promiscuous imprisonment ; where men of comparatively slight and men convicted of most heinous crimes , the youngest and the oldest villains , were confined together , particularly on board the hulks ; and when they were discharged , no means of gaining a living was provided for them . After studying for years , these unfortunate persons were thrust out of these colleges of vice , to practice upon society the lessons they had learnt . He knew not whether the fact were so , but certainly a very general belief prevailed , that the numerous crimes lately perpetrated were in a great measure owing to a recent unusual discharge of convicts from the hulks , to whom no moral instruction had been afforded , no trade had been taught , no employment given . It might have been hoped that the late examples would have convinced ministers of the absolute necessity of some change in the criminal law ; bat upon this point it was not necessary to enlarge , as a Committee had been appointed upon the subject , whose Report would be hereafter discussed , although he fared it would not embrace to wide a field as could have been wished . But he was convinced that many of the evils which existed , had their foundations in the very constitution of the Police it self , which tended more to the increase than the suppression of crimes , and he was anxious that if a reformation , so extensive as he proposed was not adopted , that , at least , some enquiry should be made into the State of the Police . Among many bad practices on this head , he would state one , which , in his mind , abounded with the most mischievous consequences , he meant the rewards