saving proceeded from any other source , he feared that the estimate of next year would more than counterbalance it . replied , that it proceeded from the latter , and the amount would be proved by the decrease of the navy debt . It would be remembered that the House , last year , made a very liberal vote for the wear and tear estimates . On experience the whole was found not to be necessary , and it was applied in a different direction . , in rising to submit to the House those details which it was his duty to lay before them , wished to state them as succinctly as possible , reserving to himself the right of speaking on any subject which might appear to require a more ample explanation than he might give in the first instance . The expences might be divided into two heads : 1st , those which , like regimental charges , grew on fixed establishments ; 2nd , those which , like recruiting charges , were contingent . In the former , every care had been taken to compress them within as narrow a compass as possible ; in the latter , the actual expenditure of the last year had been taken as the basis of the estimate for the present.—He would first take the estimate of the Land Forces , which of course was divided into many smaller heads . In this estimate , a considerable increase of 894 expence would be found , and a considerable addition in men , the increase in the expence being for the increase in the numbers . In the first instance , he had to notice an addition of ten men to the Household regiments , and a consequent increase of expence of 1,700l . This increase arose from the appointments of Serjeant School-masters . For some years the schools for the instruction of soldiers ' children had been supported by no established fund , but by the zeal , intelligence , and liberality of the officers , and by private contributions . The necessity of placing such schools on a regular and permanent establishment , had been strongly felt by the commander in chief , whose attention to the welfare of the army was too well known in that House to require any comment from him . In consequence of this , a school had been established in every battalion in the service , and this led to an expence of 20,000l . Out of this the charges for the pay of the Serjeant School-masters , for books and contingencies , were met , and he thought that this expence would neither be deemed useless nor lavish , when the benefit thence derived to the country was considered , and the advantages it afforded to the army.—Another increase of expence arose from an addition of twenty men , which had two years ago been taken from each troop of cavalry . These troops , it was at that time thought , might be dismounted without detriment to the service , but in consequence of the nature of the operations in which we had since been engaged in the peninsula ; from the applications made by lord Wellington for cavalry , in order the more effectually to meet the force opposed to him by the enemy , it had been found necessary to remount them . The committee were aware of the difficulty of keeping horses on a distant service , and of the various circumstances which rendered it necessary to send out frequent supplies , and therefore he would not detain them on that subject.—An increase had been made in the regular cavalry of 126 officers , which caused an increased charge of 22,400l . In the regiments of the line , the returns of the present year presented an increase of 9,522 men , of which the charge was 277,000l . This increase was made by the transfer of a considerable portion of the array which had been in the service of the East India Company , and which had been maintained by them 895 in their territorial acquisitions