of an establishment for a king so severely afflicted as the monarch of Great Britain , though he felt it his duty to express his decided opinion against the principle of it . From particular circumstances , he had not had it in his power to pay due attention to the voluminous documents laid upon the table , but even from the cursory manner in which they had fallen under his observation , he thought he could point out items in them which would render the addition of the 70,000l . proposed by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer wholly unnecessary . He requested members to direct their attention to the head of the diplomacy of the country : in the year 1804 , the estimate for this expence , it would be remarked , was 62,000l . and yet the expenditure exceeded 158,000l . being an excess of no less than 96,000l . It might very reasonably be supposed , that some years ago , 62,000l . would not be deemed an extravagant sum , but in the present situation of the country , where we had so little occasion for diplomatic missions , surely it would not be denied that the excess of 96,000l . was a little extraordinary . It might be reckoned invidious to mention names ; and no one , he hoped , could believe him capable of doing so from any unworthy motive ; but he could not help adverting to the sum paid on account of the marquis Wellesley 's mission to Spain . 348 Nearly 16,000l . had been advanced for that occasion , and the sum was stated under two years ( 1810–11 ) , though this nobleman , it was well known , had returned in a few months from the time of his departure on that mission . Yet for these few months nearly 16,000l . had been charged . This was a prominent feature . It , however , might possibly he a very proper item ; but he wished to know that it was so ; and that he could not know without further investigation , Such an investigation , therefore , he could not in justice to his constituents dispense with , and would do every thing in his power to promote it . The House had , as yet , no good grounds to proceed upon . Without agreeing exactly with his right hon . friend near him , he also was disposed to be liberal in his grants to the crown ; but he repeated , that they would not do justice to their constituents , if they added one shilling to the public burthens without knowing the grounds on which they acted . They ought to be prepared to state fully the reasons of their proceedings to their constituents ; and this he could not do without more accurate information on this subject . Possibly an explanation might be given in the course of this debate , and he should be glad to hear it , for he was not hostile to the principle of the Bill . He thought it absolutely necessary , however , that ministers should be under the necessity of applying to parliament for supplying any excess in the Civil List expenditure . The best plan would be to raise the Civil List at once to the probable amount of the expenditure , as had been suggested by a right hon . gentleman opposite ; and that if any excess should take place , the minister should be obliged to apply to parliament , without the power of making up the difference out of the admiralty droits , or any other fund not under the control of the legislature . said , that there could be no question but that the claims of sir Sidney Smith deserved the highest regard ; and , that his services were beyond all praise which it was in his power to bestow , was equally clear ; but it appeared from what had fallen from several hon . gentlemen , that the House had an imperious duty to discharge with