the expressions of sorrow for the King 's illness which the Address contained . It became us to bow to the visitations of Providence ; but when we considered the long period and the happiness of his Majesty 's reign over us , it could not be unsuitable to hope for his speedy restoration to the prayers of his people . Yet the House had a right , in this calamity , to feel great consolation from the tried virtues of the Prince Regent ; who , when summoned to take the reins of government under such peculiarly afflicting circumstances , had proved himself so worthy of the reliance placed on him . The affairs of the peninsula were cheering , in spite of some successes which had been obtained by the enemy ; the ardour of the people was more vigorous and apparent , their spirit burned more bright , and their resistance was stronger than ever . The consummate ability displayed by lord Wellington in the conduct of the campaign in Portugal could not be too highly praised ; and the affairs of the peninsula gave good hope that Spain would yet shake off her invaders , and become a firm and powerful ally . By the same judicious system Portugal had been saved , and her armies had now risen into a formidable barrier against the enemy . It might not be too much to hope , that the example set by the brave people of the peninsula would produce its effect oil more distant nations . Our conquests in the Indian seas formed another subject of just congratulation , in which an army of the enemy had been destroyed or captured in the most gallant style . Respecting America , the adjustment of the affair of the Chesapeake was highly satisfactory , and after the assurance of the Prince Regent , he was convinced there would not be wanting on our part any means of conciliation consistent with the honour and the interests of the country . He hoped at the same time that we should firmly oppose any French views that might be entertained in the United States , and which could only lead , if not firmly opposed , to ruin and to misery . He trusted that , in the support of the Prince Regent , alluded to at the conclusion of the Speech , there would be an unanimous concurrence in those measures which were necessary for that purpose . , considering the critical circumstances of the times , and the present alarming state of the country , would have been happy if the Address proposed to the House had been so worded as to 8 procure unanimity , on the present day , at least ; yet , he did not feel surprised that such had not been the case , when he reflected , that the framers of the Speech were the very men who , by their obstinate blindness , had brought the country to the brink of ruin , and who , in the midst of the distresses they themselves had occasioned , still held the same flattering and fallacious language . On some points of the Address , indeed , there could be no difference of opinion . Every heart , for instance , must sympathise in the feelings expressed by his Royal Highness , at the awful visitation which still pressed on our beloved sovereign ; and the disappointment of those hopes of recovery which had been held out , was equally felt by every one of his Majesty 's subjects . The noble lord was sure also that every member of the House would concur in that part of the Address , which assured his Royal Highness of the most cordial support of the House in the discharge of the arduous duties he had taken upon himself . To the praises bestowed on our brave army and able commanders , no one could have any objection ; and in that case , he himself was willing to contribute his weak tribute of thanks . But the question were a different aspect , when noble lords