the 59 priests said to be necessary for the Irish Catholics ; and he contended that so much was not proportionably done in the same way for the education of persons for the Protestant Church establishment . Why did not the wealthy Catholics come forward and educate their clergy without calling on the state ? All the refined and deliberate study mentioned by the right hon . baronet was not necessary for Irish priests ; they did not want more education , surely , than was possessed by the clergymen in the distant parts of England and Wales . He begged gentlemen to look at home , unless they wished , by an excess of grants , to make Maynooth College equal to Dublin , Cambridge , or Oxford University . was not aware of the strength of the right hon . gentleman 's argument , that because we adopted the original grant , therefore we were not obliged ever to enlarge it . If once the principle were adopted , he contended that the limitation of the sum was only to be fixed by the circumstances of the times : to act otherwise , was nominally to adopt , and ultimately to defeat the principle . What was the meaning of establishing a Catholic college , if the exigencies of such a college were not to be supplied as they should vary from time to time ? The House should recollect , that the Catholic population paid for the Protestant establishment ; and it was extremely just that something should be given to them . The grant was not for the propagation but the practice of the Catholic religion . The question was not , whether we should extend this or that faith by any act in the power of parliament to make . Such a system had been tried in Ireland , but it had failed . Acts had been passed which were mischievous in their operation , certainly disgraceful , and entirely useless for the purposes for which they were intended . Every effort 1230 to force conscience would have a contrary effect , because then it became no longer a matter of religion but of spirit to persist in that faith against which such force was directed . Catholics were Christians as well as Protestants , and every attempt to destroy Catholicity was an attempt against Christianity . The question was , in fact , between Christianity and Deism ; between foreign and domestic education . We must choose to educate the Irish as Catholics at home , or give them up to Deism , of to foreign education . To act otherwise was forcing the Catholic to be an infidel or a disaffected man . When the House had once adopted the principle , he thought it was bound honestly to follow up that principle , and to meet the exigencies of the establishment whose existence it had sanctioned . As the people increased , so increased the demand for religious instruction , and so ought the grant to be increased , from which that instruction flowed . If the grant was not to be increased , then the principle of the institution was only poorly and inadequately met ; half the people only could be instructed . The right hon . gentleman had asked , was there any instance of a state having supported a hostile religion ? Yes , he would tell him , Ireland . Ireland did now actually support the religion of another country ; for , when the right hon . gentleman said `` state , '' be must have meant by it , not the government , but the nation ; and the Catholic people did contribute by taxes to the support of the Protestant establishment . Again , the right hon . gentleman had said , that there was no proportion between the means given for the education of Catholic priests and Protestant pastors . Would any man in his senses have used such an argument ? He would ask the right hon . gentleman , was the Catholic rich in proportion to the Protestant church in Ireland