solid objection to the continuance of a just and expedient war that we had not been invariably successful ? Was this an argument for deserting a contest in which our best interests , no less than our truest glory , were at stake ? He would wish to ask , however , had France herself found the struggle so light and her object so easily attained , as to inspire her with very sanguine hopes ? He firmly believed that the French emperor was never engaged in any struggle of which he so heartily repented as of the war in Spain . There were features in it that rendered it perfectly distinct from the former campaigns and operations of the French armies . Let them compare the progress of Buonaparté 's arms in every other country , with his achievements in the peninsula . In other countries twelve months had generally been found sufficient to annihilate the armed population . He had now been engaged four years in the vain attempt of subduing the Spanish people . What had been his predictions during that period , and how had they been accomplished ? He had boasted , at one time , that within a few months not a single village should be in a state of insurrection , —he had vaunted that the British leopards should be driven into the sea , and the French eagles planted on the towers of Lisbon ; but on the 1011 anniversary of the day of that boast—O , happy commemoration ! on the 27th of September were his veteran legions overthrown at Busaco by the prowess of British troops , and the energies of British co-operation . Insurrection was still alive and active in Catalonia , Navarre , Arragon , and Biscay , but if our assistance should be withdrawn was not likely long to exist . Some gentlemen had demanded what was the effect produced by a British army ? He would beg such gentlemen to look to Portugal . Without British assistance , would the Portuguese have been able to redeem their long sunk honours ? Without such aid , would a Portuguese army have existed capable and worthy ( as lord Wellington expressed it ) of fighting by the side of British troops ? Nor was the possession of 'Portugal so unavailing , or so little conducive to the defence of Spain , as had been stated by the hon . baronet . The presence of our army there compelled the French to collect and keep up a mighty army to meet us whenever or wherever we moved ; and this , too , in a country whose desolate condition afforded such scanty supplies for the maintenance of large armies . The French had in general supported themselves by the produce of the conquered countries ; but owing to the fatal ambition of the French emperor , of whom , according to the advice of the hon . baronet , he would say nothing harsh , but content himself with a reference to his actions , Spain was so completely devastated as to furnish no means of sustaining the armed forces which overran it . Nor , lastly , should it be forgotten , that Buonaparté had , some time back , by his own confession , expended 400,000 men , and 200,000,000 francs , towards the subjugation of Spain , and had not succeeded : yet the hon . baronet recommended the withdrawing of our army from Spain . [ No , no , from Sir Thomas Turton . ] He knew that the hon . baronet had not said so : yet , if his arguments had any meaning , such was their direct tendency . By such withdrawing , we should leave the Spaniards to their fate ; for though they would , no doubt , prove turbulent and unruly subjects to their conquering ruler , yet he conceived they must be conquered ; and would not such abandonment convert them from grateful friends into most vindictive enemies ? Would it not ruin our character in the eyes of Europe ? Would it not give colonr to