honourable gentleman was silent , and it proceeded from experience : he knew that it would be most detrimental , for the first year that the distillation from grain was prohibited , it did apply to Ireland as well as to Great Britain , and how anxious then were the advocates against this very clause now , that the same provision should be inserted ; they would have accepted it as the greatest boon that could be offered them . Such a conduct was indeed puerile ; it deserved no better term , particularly when the proceedings of former times of comparative 323 hostility were quoted against the acts of the present . Last night he had compelled himself to silence , to-night the hon . member had compelled him to speak , and to assert that to the manufacturers , the agriculture , and the revenue , this bill would be in the highest degree beneficial . was much pleased with the eloquence and animation displayed by the last speaker , and somewhat with his ingenuity , for he had not only glanced at the main objection of his hon . friend , but had skilfully recoiled from it as if impressed with sudden terror . He had advanced nothing to shew that it was not a direct breach of the act of Union . What he said , was , that the Irish people would not be injured by it . He had not attempted by the slightest argument to prove that it was not a direct infringement on the sacred compact . When it was intended to make an encroachment upon any thing by stealth , it was universally found that some act was first done , which if not really good in itself , could be plausibly shewn to be attended with beneficial consequences , and after the public had been dazzled by false light , advantage was taken of their sudden blindness to lead them into a snare . The whole of what had been just said was undoubtedly very persuasive , and would be listened too most willingly by those who were sanguine . It was an attempt like a man in despair to shew that good might arise out of evil , that the act of Union was violated was a positive evil ; that advantageous results might attend it , was a doubtful good . If it was the fact that this , clause was not a breach of the Union , why did not the hon . gentleman endeavour to shew it ? The reason why he had been prudent enough not to make any such attempt , was sufficiently evident . professed himself somewhat astonished at what had fallen from the noble lord , but frequent experience had taught him not to be surprized at such sentiments as were delivered by the hon . member who first spoke on this question . On the present occasion he had warmly inveighed , as usual , against the House , but his object , at other times more remote , was not sufficiently obvious , from the notice that he had given regarding the dissolution of the Union . It was an attempt to excite in Ireland a spirit of hostility , which , supposing the speech of the hon . member to possess any weight even there , would be more than counter- 324 balanced by the general pacific temper of the people . That the noble lord , however , should join in such an undertaking , appeared a little extraordinary . The House would not fail to recollect , that if the measure were originally improper , the prevention of the distillery from grain originated with that administration , whose conduct was always boasted as immaculate , when contrasted with the proceedings of the present government . It was introduced by those men who had always received the able support of the hon . gentleman . Reciprocity was the foundation of the Union between the two countries ; and if the distillation from grain were permitted in Ireland and prohibited in Great Britain , and the intercourse between the