the committee the original object , for the attainment of which this grant was in the first instance voted . That object had failed , and therefore to continue such grants , was merely to persevere in a system of lavish expenditure , from which no satisfactory result could be expected . When the first grant of this nature was proposed , it was to afford British aid towards rescuing Spain from the gripe of France . At that time he concurred most cordially with the whole country in the effort . But four years have elapsed , and 1303 not an inch of ground having been gained , he had a right to alter his opinion on the subject . So far were we from having emancipated Spain , that we had not a single man there , nor could we entertain a rational prospect of making any impression on the enemy in that quarter . He put it to the committee , whether if four years ago the merely remaining in Portugal had been described as the ultimate object of our efforts , the proposition to make those efforts would have been received with that acclamation and support which actually accompanied it ? In objecting to the present motion , he felt that he trod on ground not most popular just then , of course he should have to contend with the gentlemen opposite ; he should also have to contend with many with whom he was in the general habit of political accordance . But so strong was his conviction on the subject , that he felt it imperative upon him to express his opinion . He had patiently listened to every argument and opinion connected with it , both in parliament , and in private society , but hitherto no one had been able to persuade him that , under the present circumstances , Great Britain ought to persevere in a system so lavish , that it must eventually lead to her utter destruction . It was on the ground of expence , that he argued against the motion . We had failed in every effort which we had made to drive the enemy from Spain . We had failed , not from any want of courage in our troops , not from any want of skill in our officers , but from a want of co-operation on the part of the Spaniards , from a want of that assistance which we expected from them , and which we had a right to expect . In the present state of the committee he would not enter into any details of the war in the peninsula : but he would implore them to pause before they fruitlessly expended two millions of the public money . Let them consider , that two millions was near one-sixth of the produce of the Income Tax . Let them look at the enormous expenditure of the country , and endeavour to devise the means of diminishing , rather than of augmenting it The present annual expenditure of Great Britain amounted to nearly 100 millions ! He would defy any minister to maintain the present expenditure of the country , with resources so diminished , and the trade and commerce similarly circumstanced . He need only refer the right hon . gentleman to what he had stated last year , when proposing a subsidy 1304 for Portugal—when at the same time there was a petition from the manufacturers , complaining of the decay of trade , and praying some relief . On that occasion , the right hon . gentleman had said , that it was impossible to afford the relief prayed for , until Buonaparté had altered his prohibitory decrees . Since then the ruler of France had encreased them , and therefore the situation of the country in that respect was worse . Under these circumstances he should most earnestly recommend to the House to adopt economy—to diminish the expenditure , and make it more commensurate with the means of the country . The noble lord had stated that the revenue of Portugal was materially improved since the former subsidy