the Orders of the former year necessary , whether any change had taken place since 1809 , which would call for any further alteration at the present moment . The changes which he had understood the hon . and learned gentleman to allude to , were not external but internal . He 1144 was perfectly aware that a reference to a committee on such subjects as the distresses of manufactures and trade would not be any remedy . God knew it could not . For his own part , he did not think that these distresses were attributable to the Orders in Council , nay , he might perhaps be of opinion that these Orders were calculated to prevent them : but still it was impossible for that House to shut their eyes to the impression which prevailed throughout the country on the subject . They were aware of the representations that had been and would be made to them . They must feel a full conviction of the existence of discontents throughout the country , and this very obviously suggested the expediency of a parliamentary inquiry , which might satisfy the public mind as to the real grounds of the distress which was felt , and show that no part of it was a consequence of the Orders in Council . Nothing was more common than when distresses were felt , to assign them to some ostensible cause : this was the fallacy inseparable from human nature . Evils , the source of which were not visible , were generally ascribed to measures , the operation of which was not fully known , and no maxim was more false in itself , though more generally applied than this— '' Post hoc ergo propter hoc . '' The hon . and learned gentleman who brought forward this motion , 'had , in his speech , which was not more remarkable for ability than ( in comparison with the answer that had been given to it ) for moderation , had connected with this subject another , which , in his mind , had no connection whatever with it . That hon . and learned gentleman had argued the question of the Orders in Council as connected with the system of licences . Against any such connection he must forcibly protest . The Orders in Council might be established without any system of licences , and the system of licences might be carried to the full extent to which it had been carried without the Orders in Council having been previously in existence , or both might be co-existent without any necessary connection ; and , indeed , the best possible , because the most indisputable practical evidence , that they had no necessary connection , was the fact , that where the Orders in Council did not operate , there the Licence trade existed , and where the system of licences was in activity , there the Orders in Council did not apply . 1145 Whatever might be the mischief , there fore , of the licenses , the Orders in Council , he would maintain , were guiltless of it . When he considered the impression which prevailed in the country , he was not prepared to oppose the motion for an inquiry , whatever might be his feelings , if the hon . and learned member in the first instance were to propose to repeal the Orders in Council . If the House were to refer the subject at all , he was inclined to think that the whole should be referred . The Orders in Council he believed had been beneficial ; but of the advantages of the system of licences he bad his doubts : but he would not presume to prejudge the question . Some gentlemen seemed to look at the appointment of a committee as unprecedented and alarming ; but he could discover no ground of apprehension in such a measure . It was usual in that House to appoint committees , whether general or select ( he preferred a select committee ) , to inquire into the state of trade , into the