to these rumours he felt it to be his duty to admonish ministers , not for the sake of maintaining themselves in power , to attempt to put a paltry juggle on the country , nor for the sole object of preserving their places to throw a lasting odium upon the legislature . Rather let them persevere in their old obstinate and ruinous policy . As to what had fallen from the hon . gentleman on the principle of offensive and defensive warfare , he had no objection to make to it ; and notwithstanding the many errors in the conduct of the war—great and grievous errors—and more particularly while the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) was at the head of the war department , he still thought there was great subject of pride and consolation . He did think , too , that they never could have stood exculpated in the eyes of posterity , if they had not freely and even desperately rendered all that assistance to the Spaniards , which their cause so well deserved . He did not understand it to be the hon . baronet 's intention to propose in the committee the abandonment of our allies , and he would therefore suport his motion , not from feelings of despondency , but from a wish to see a vigorous policy pursued abroad , and a liberal one adopted at home . He at the same time always wished to see the dis- 1014 tinction , observed between what belonged to the bad conduct of ministers , and what grew out of the character of the times . Unless this distinction should be properly understood , no change of counsels could prevent disappointment . opposed the motion , and contended , that his Majesty 's ministers had consulted the honour and dignity of The country by the course they had adopt ed , and instanced , as a proof of their vigour , that not a French flag was flying in any colonial possession . He considered that going into a committee would have no effect , and would dull the spirit of valour among our . Spanish allies , while , by conducting the present contest with unabated perseverance , final success would be the consequence . ( of Kerry ) could see no good purpose which would be answered by voting in favour of the present motion . It would neither improve our affairs at home nor abroad ; it might impede the pending negociations with America , and interfere with the conduct of the war in the peninsula . said , the inhabitants of this country were now carrying on a war against an enemy more difficult to resist than any who had hitherto appeared in modern times . Was this not a time , he would ask , when every honest man would wish to give strength and efficacy to the empire ? Was this not a time for every well-wisher to his country to rally round the councils of his sovereign , and to support that august personage , who , till lately , had been so much the theme of the panegyrics of the hon . gentlemen opposite ? Why did those gentlemen not come forward and give him their assistance when they were asked ? [ Hear from Opposition ! ] The hon . gentlemen might cry hear , hear , hear ; but he would ask them , had not that august and exalted person opened his arms to them ? and was not the manner in which he had been refused a dereliction of public duty ? On what grounds did they refuse to join the present administration ? It must be either on account of foreign politics , with respect , for instance , to the degree of vigour with which this country ought to assist Spain and Portugal , or it must be on account of our home policy , particularly with respect to the removal of the disabilities affecting the Catholics of Ireland . But if the right hon . gentleman now at the helm of affairs , were to throw up the