. And will any man say that Ireland can afford her full resources , that she can pour out her whole strength and energies , while four-fifths of her population remain deprived of their just rights ? This is assuming a case of war , but it will apply also to peace . In case of a negociation for peace , how can you expect favourable terms from France , when she thinks she has an ally and a friend in the discontents of Ireland ? The discontents of the nations whom he has attacked , have proved to Buonaparté his most powerful weapons , and he will not view the discontents of Ireland in a different light . Whether , then , it be war , or whether it be peace , the state of that country is of the first importance , and you can not depend upon its warm and cordial attachment until you have conciliated the great body of its population . Oh ! but say the gentlemen on the other side of the House , we are all for conciliation . Yes ; but they will have it only at their own time ; and it remains , they contend , for the advocates of the Catholics to name the securities on which the conciliatory boon is to be granted . Now , I deny that it is for us to shew upon what terms the Catholics ought to enjoy the full benefit of the constitution ; on the contrary , I contend it is for them to shew why the Catholics are excluded . It is no argument to say the Church is in danger . How are the Catholics to endanger it ? Do they mean to overthrow it by force ? Why , if so , they are as able to accomplish their purpose now as they can be hereafter : but if not by force , how else can they effect their purpose ? It will be said , by the assistance of others , by the assistance of the Protestants , but they have that assistance already . I beg , therefore , that when gentlemen talk of the overthrow of the Church , as the consequence of the grant of the Catholic claims , they will state the means which the Catholics will thence derive for the purpose , and how they mean to carry it into execution—But alluding to what passed on a former occasion , it has been said , the advocates of the Catholics Will not be forward to make proposals , remembering that those which they , did make were disavowed . I , Sir , 661 was one of those who made such proposals , namely , the Veto , and the whole of my conduct on that occasion I explained , and I believe gentlemen admitted I did so most satisfactorily : but I never stated that as a measure insisted upon by me . I did not wish for any such condition on my own account , I wished it only for the sake of conciliating others , far more powerful than myself , and without whose concurrence my efforts could be of little avail . I wished to conciliate this House , for I am not vain and fantastical enough to expect that it would adopt my opinions . I lay little stress upon the Veto . I look upon all securities of this kind in a very inferior point of view . I think the Catholics , like other men , must be governed by their interests and affections.—The debate , Sir , having been so long protracted , I must thank the House for the patience with which I have been listened to , and shall conclude by repeating my firm conviction , that without conciliation to the Catholics of Ireland , we can neither be strong in war , nor entitled to hope for an advantageous peace . said , that he gave the noble lord who brought forward the present motion , credit both for his motives in so doing , and for the ability which he