practised , the ship not having in reality come from the port for which the licence was prepared . In the other case ( for only two existed ) , the person on whose account the spirits were imported had been compelled not to enter them for exportation , and was not allowed to dispose of them for home consumption , by which he had sustained a loss of 4,000l . Under these circumstances , it would , indeed , be a wide stretch of the imagination to point out in these two transactions any thing which could afford a colour for thinking that the Board of Trade had acted with a view to favour the individuals concerned . The hon . gentleman had said , that there was not a merchant who did not complain of the system of licencing . So 845 general an assertion he was by no means prepared to meet ; but whenever the subject was regularly brought under consideration , he should be ready to argue , what , in his opinion , was a very strong case . He trusted that the hon . member would not press his first motion . felt no inclination to accede to the last request of the right hon . gentleman , since he could foresee no possible inconvenience which would result from the production of the Memorial from Heligoland , seeing that the trade of that island was completely terminated . It would be admitted that it was couched in very strong terms of remonstrance , and be thought that the right hon . gentleman would much more unequivocally shew his disposition to meet the pending inquiry , if he allowed papers to be produced which were necessary to its due consideration . With regard to his second motion , it was certainly true that the Board of Trade , when they discovered that an irregularity ( not to give it a term more severe ) had been committed by their servant , did every thing in their power to injure the individuals who had , for any thing that appeared , innocently obtained the licences , but this was by no means pursuing the course that should have been followed . The right hon . gentleman had asserted , that in the last instance the owner of the cargo had sustained a loss of 4,000l . But his information was far different , since he learnt on good authority , that sufficient profit had been obtained on the last cargo , more than to make up for the confiscation of the former . There indisputably was room for a great deal of fraud , and it would be well worth his , or any other merchant 's while , to purchase licences for the importation of spirits at an expence of 15,000l . did not believe that any mal-practices could be charged against any of the clerks of the Board of Trade , but the whole system of licensing was most injurious to the trade of the country . In order to substantiate this assertion , papers might , indeed , be useful , but they were not at all necessary , since the general facts were known to all , and the consequences felt by all . The forgery , perjury , and bribery on which our commerce now depended were admitted by nearly every person interested in commercial transactions , and the confiscation of our shipping provided with licences in various situations , to an enormous amount , had been 846 the ruin of some of the most wealthy merchants in the city of London , besides filling the coffers of the enemy with the produce of the sale of their cargoes . He thought the production of the Memorial from Heligoland might be injurious , but before he gave his vote against it he begged to observe , that he entirely disapproved of the whole system of licensing . felt that it was impossible to consider separately the important subjects of the Orders in Council and the system of licensing , and would therefore take the opportunity of fixing that day fortnight