two millions and abandoning the war ? Was there no middle way of proceeding ? For his own part , he protested against its abandonment ; but an hon . gentleman who spoke with much ability the other night ( Mr. Robinson ) , as well as others , were obliged to maintain their arguments always by the presumption , that those who objected to expenditure were advocates for total abandonment . The vote was asked for the peculiar defence of Portugal . If the Portuguese really could not pay their own men , but yet would do all they could to raise them , he did not say that we should deny them any assistance ; 1309 but it was the object of his motion lately , to acquire a knowledge of the facts . This became more necessary when a sum of two millions was in question . There seemed to be an apprehension of unpopularity in speaking of economy in the conduct of the war , but no man should be deterred by that consideration . He had often perhaps been very unpopular in his opinions , but that should not prevent him from maintaining them . considered Portugal to be defensible against the French arms chiefly at the lines of Torres Vedras , which were so strong as not to require so great an army as we had there , and which gave us a free communication with the sea , whereas our operations were conducted on a much more extensive scale between Ciudad Rodrigo and Badajoz , places which , if we got possession of them both , were not tenable , unless we had a military force perfectly capable of coping with the French forces in the open field . Both these places stood on plains : and the French , it should be recollected , were much superior to us in the number of their cavalry , and often had brought a much larger general force into the field . The war would be much less expensive , were the lines of Torres Vedras considered as the true defence of Portugal ; by which means , instead of our keeping 60 or 70,000 men in Portugal , comparatively idle , or at least not in a state of military activity , we might detach just now , as we might have done before , a portion of our army to Cadiz , and raise the blockade of that city . A small portion of our army might also be sent to Catalonia , where they might reverse all the successes of the enemy : and we might act all along the margin of the Mediterranean with the best , effect . There were numerous small forts on the coast which we might get possession of , and thereby command all the neighbouring country . We might have done much oh the whole eastern side of Spain , at Valencia particularly , and might probably retake Barcelona . All this was not only useful but practicable at a much smaller expence than our present system . Thus we might have constantly checked and counteracted the objects of the French . This suggestion he did not make as his own . It had been the recommendation of others , as well as his , and seemed to be obvious to any body . For the principles on which it was founded , he had the advantage of great authority , which , he quoted . He 1310 declared that he saw nothing in the war to occasion our despair , if we conducted it on principles by which we might be enabled entirely to clear the sea coast , and have , at the same time , a large proportion of our army now in Portugal , disposable at home or elsewhere , for such objects as we desired to obtain . The vote for the two millions might , if applicable to these views , prove very beneficial : for no service could be more important than to sweep the French , as we might do , with one effort , from the neighbourhood