, until it was recognized by parliament ; and it never had had its sanction . He thought sinecure places better than the provision that was proposed in the place of them . The situation could not be granted to the hon . colonel for life , while the Prince Regent was under restrictions , and so he informed him ; but that he was to hold it until parliament met . He thought the appointment ought not to be interfered with until sinecures were abolished altogether . A mistaken statement had gone out to the public , that the poundage came out of the Widows ' Pensions . It was not the case : for the salary was calculated from the amount paid to the widows , and government liquidated the debt : not one shilling was taken from the original pensions . ( Hear , hear ! ) said , it was a most unfortunate appointment , and it would be a length of time before the new reign would recover it : esteeming as he did the administration of his right hon . friend , and wishing him full success in his new career , he must yet vote against the present question . The present was not a question of clamour and ill-humour : every impartial man out of the House had been hurt at the little attention paid by his right hon . friend to the recommendation of the House of Commons in the appointment alluded to . It had been most unfortunate advice ; it had excited in the nation unfavourable sentiments and ill omens of the new reign . He could not , without injury to himself , and still more without injury to the character of the House , suppress these reflection , especially when he reflected on what 906 had lately happened in that House , —when it had , on a subject which it had repeatedly espoused , been completely turned round by the bare suggestion of his right hon . friend . He should think himself disgraced if he did not rote against this sinecure . observed that he could not let the subject pass without expressing his opinion , that the ordinary recruiting was not equal to one half of the waste of the army ; there were also a number of desertions , which were caused by the morals of the lower orders of the people being corrupted . The Prince Regent had acted most laudably towards a meritorious servant , but he thought he had been unwisely advised . observed , that there was sometimes too little attention paid to the description of recruits that were sent to join regiments . To his knowledge there was a regiment in Guernsey , 600 strong , to which the commanding officer had paid the greatest attention , not only with respect to discipline , but to their morals also . There was an order lately to complete that regiment , and for that purpose 147 convicts had been sent to them from the hulks . This must certainly be very painful to an officer who had paid the strictest attention to the morals of his men . said , if the statement of the hon . general was grounded on fact , it was incumbent on the House to require that the culprits should be recalled . said , that it was by the advice of Mr. Graham that a number of persons who had been sent on board the hulks for slight offences , and conducted themselves very well during their confinement , were permitted to volunteer into regiments going on foreign service . said , that this was a garrison battalion , and not a regiment going on foreign service . objected to its being brought up , until he had put some questions to the noble lord who had moved the Army Estimates . There had been , he observed , for many years past , a very great increase in the number of foreign troops taken into British pay . They had increased from 5 to 30,000 . This alarming increase he viewed with