of a constitutional prince , to accede to doctrines which had the peculiar merit of having been the doctrines not only of an eminent statesman , but of a statesman related by domestic ties to one of the most arbitrary monarchs that ever sat on the English throne . Feeling it unnecessary for his purpose to detain the House further in support of the positions he had laid down , he now begged leave to call their attention to those practical observations arising out of the abuses of which the fund alluded to had furnished the means and the occasion . All that he had yet said on the subject of parliamentary inquiry , and the necessity of its rigid exercise at every period , on all that was connected with the expenditure of the crown , applied equally to all branches of the regalia . But the fund now particularly under consideration had altogether a separate character and distinct origin . That character and origin were such , that it would not be an easy task to name , or to imagine an institution that should at the same time be so detrimental to the interests , the well understood interests of the crown , and the most important interests of the country . It gave , in the first place , to the crown an interest in going to war . It gave an interest not merely in the commencing hostilities , but it gave an interest in commencing them in a way the least honourable to the national character , the least consistent with that good faith , can-dour , and magnanimity , which , until the present times , formed such proud and honourable features in the character of the English people.— ( A cry of hear , hear ! ) He knew to what his hon . friends behind him alluded by that cry , and was aware that the practice which he now reprobated as the degrading distinction of our recent history , was not quite new , or quite unprecedented . He perfectly recollected , for it was an event that happened at no great distance of time from the period to which he had before directed the attention of the House , the event of the Dutch war . This was indeed an event , which , had he all the eloquence of all his honourable friends who surrounded him , he should yet want language 253 and terms of abhorrence adequate to the expression of his feelings respecting it . It was a war entered upon for the sole purpose of intercepting the Smyrna fleet , a war of all others the most undisguisedly infamous and degrading ; a war of crime and plunder , of larceny and pillage ; a war exceeding in baseness and atrocity even the late attacks on the Spanish and Danish ships . Such was the memorable war of Charles the second , such the motives in which it originated , and although he might not anticipate the calamity of ever seeing such a king , or one the least resembling him , again wield the sceptre of these realms , it was no less their duty , as the representatives of the people and the guardians of their rights and interests , to appoint a sufficient guard against the possible recurrence in sub-sequent times of similar abuses ; for even in our own time transactions had taken place , arising probably from Jess disgraceful and pernicious causes , which nevertheless were certainly subject to the imputation of having borne some reference to the fund of Admiralty Droits . He would not dwell upon the Copenhagen expedition , because he did not believe that , however it might have mingled , it formed the chief or the only motive of that ( as he deemed it ) unprincipled and ill-fated enterprise . But he would mention an event , as to the true origin of which no trace of doubt existed in his mind , namely , the capture of the Spanish frigates.—He would recall to the recollection of the House , the precise time when