proper that the whole amount of his royal highness 's debts should be paid . He ( Mr. Adam ) could say , that it was not the intention of his royal highness to set up his claim on account of Cornwall ; but , to his mind , it formed a strong feature in his royal highnesses case . Taking all the sums he had expended , and by which he had improved the royal palaces ; all the sums he had paid , which never Prince before paid , amounting altogether to upwards of 300,000l . besides his claim on account of Cornwall , on which subject anxious and deliberate opinions had been given , all in his royal highness 's favour , by a Lord Chancellor of England , a Lord Chancellor of Ireland , and a Chief Justice of the court of Common Pleas : when these things were considered , and when his royal highness came and asked of parliament only to enable him to fulfil the honourable obligations he had entered into , he asked , ought not such a claim to pass , not only as necessary , but by acclamation ? He ( Mr. Adam ) was one of the persons by whom the trust to which he alluded was formed ; and he could say , that not only had it not been impeded , but it had been accelerated by his royal highness . From his own property of Cornwall , about 60,000l . had been received , all of which had gone in discharge of his royal highness 's debts , except 3,000l . Of these he ( Mr. Adam ) himself had sent 1,000l . to one , another 1,000l . to a second , and the third 1,000l . to a third object of liberality , which did honour to the heart of his royal highness , [ Hear , Hear ! ] Of the trustees by whom his royal highness 's 374 affairs were managed , he should say nothing . The House would form their own judgment on that head . Besides himself , they consisted of col. M'Mahon and Mr. Courts , his royal highness 's banker . He trusted they had at least acted like honest men.—The hon . and learned gentleman concluded in words to the following effect : I have now said all that is necessary to give the Committee a just impression of the situation and conduct of his royal highness . I trust I have done it with perfect respect and order as it regards the House , with sincerity to the country , and with fidelity to the Prince . This is probably the last act of my parliamentary life—the last time I shall have an opportunity of addressing you within this House . Circumstances which it is of no consequence to the world to know , have rendered it necessary for me to resume my professional avocations . I hope , however , I may indulge that elation of mind which can alone result , from a consciousness of having acted right , and that I am closing a long political life , with the reflection that I have honestly discharged my duty . [ Hear ! hear ! ] stated , that if the explanation which had been just given by his hon . and learned friend had been offered in an earlier stage of the debate , he should not have troubled the House with his objection . Although he was of opinion , that the present mode of meeting the exigency was not well selected ; still he thought , after the candid statement just made , the House would no longer object to relieving the embarrassments of the Prince . said , that after the full and satisfactory statement of his respected friend , there could be but one feeling in that House , or the country , on the subject of the Prince 's conduct as to his honourable engagements ; nor could he help observing that there was no one to whom the honourable fulfilment of an honourable engagement could be