the safeguard of the sea , was the manner in which the great case of Ship-Money was argued in the reign of Charles I and he adduced this the more willingly , when he considered the temper of the crown at that period , and the warning which the results of that period gave to posterity . Even in that reign of prerogative it was held , that all the natural profits arising from captures at sea , and the profits of letters of marque , ought to be applicable to the guarding and protecting our interests at sea . This was laid down by baron Weston , who said , that he would not hear of any such profits being a right by prerogative ; but that he considered them as regalia of the crown , dedicated to particular purposes . Justices Crawley and Jones considered ship-money and tonnage and poundage , in the same light ; but when Sir Edward Crawley said that he thought the droits of the king scarcely worth mentioning on account of their being too small to serve any great purpose of expence , he never imagined that they would one day rise to such a thing as 186,000l . a year , and eight mil-lions capital . Justice croke expressly declared , '' That the statutes of tonnage and poundage , as appears by all the statutes made in Richard 2 , and continued till Henry 4 , 5 , 6 , 7 , and so downwards to king James 's time , are to the end the king might have money in his coffers for the defence of the realm , and for the safeguard of the sea , that he might not , upon a sudden occasion , be unprovided . `` * It was evident , therefore , that even in the worst of times , not only parliamentary * See a report of the Proceedings in the great case of Ship Money , in the Third Volume of the New Edition ( edited by Mr. Howell ) of the State Trials , p. 825 ; in which Report are included full accounts of the Opinions which were 247 grants , but royal impositions , were considered as destined to the service of the country ; and that as to their use , the judges of Charles the First 's time made no distinction between droits of the king , as vested solely in himself , and parliamentary grants for the public service . He recollected also , that the right hon . gentleman at the head of the court of Admiralty ( Sir W. Scott ) , and than whom no one could preside there with more ability or learning , when he had spoke the sentence which he had before quoted , had also used the dictum , '' capta bello cedunt reipublicaæ ; '' and what was to be concluded from that dictum , but that prize must belong to the country and not to the crown . The hon . and learned gentleman next adverted to the proportion which it was always well known existed between the parliamentary grants and the revenue of the crown , previously to the Revolution of 1688 . Before that period , the expences of war were not regularly supplied by parliament , but generally by the crown , and from those very funds which it was now contented were the private property of the king . A material change , however , had since been taking place , and was now nearly completed . The country bore all the expences of war . There was no longer any drain on the revenue of the crown , or on any of the branches of the prerogative : and if the country now supplied the means of war instead of the king , was it not right that it should stand in all respects in the place of the king ; and that it should receive instead of the king the profits of the war , or in other words , the very droits in question ? That this was the opinion