as he did . It was quite enough that doubts were entertained as to their beneficial efficacy to warrant any one in voting for the motion . said , that he did not rise to object to this motion from any apprehension that he entertained of enquiry , confident as he was that the distresses of the merchants and manufacturers , which had been so strongly alluded to on the other side , did not all arise from the Orders in Council ; but he objected to the inquiry because it was not calculated to produce any possible benefit . He could not agree with his hon . friend , who had just sat down , that it would be expedient to go into this inquiry , if it were for no other purpose but to shew that no inquiry at all-were necessary . He was not surprized , however , at his hon . friend supporting it , because it was that species of motion which generally met with his approbation ; indeed the motion was framed with a view to catch his hon . friend , and that description of gentlemen who might be called floating votes . He was surprised , however , at what had fallen from his right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) upon this occasion . If his right hon . friend was of opinion , and he was sure he was , that the Orders in Council were not only justifiable , but absolutely necessary , if his right hon . friend thought , and he was sure he did , that the distresses of the manufacturers , which had been brought forward as the grounds of the present motion , did not arise from the Orders in Council , he should 1152 have thought that his right hon . friend , entertaining such sentiments , would have been one of the last men in the House to have given his support to a motion for inquiry . There was one circumstance which had occurred in the present debate , which had never occurred before , and upon which he could not avoid congratulating himself . Although gentlemen had represented the Orders in Council as impolitic , and as productive of great injury to this country , not one of them had this night contended that the principle upon which they were founded was unjust . He wished to press this upon the House , because , upon former occasions , the injustice of the Orders in Council had been strongly urged , and it was highly gratifying to him to find that that line of argument was now abandoned . The Orders in Council were therefore now to be argued merely as a question of policy , not as a question of justice . He could not help expressing a wish that gentlemen had always pursued that course—if they had , they would not have led America to believe that we were not only acting hostilely towards our enemy , but that we were conducting ourselves upon unjust principles towards the United States . He never could see much force in their arguments , but there could be no doubt but that they had produced a considerable effect in America . His right hon . friend ( Mr. Canning ) had said that it was absurd in his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Stephen ) to ask which of the Orders in Council it was they were finding fault with , bat he contended that the question was a most material one . The hon . and learned gentleman who had opened this discussion , and who had declaimed so strongly against the Orders in Council , had yet defended the Order of 1807 . It was therefore most material to know against which of the Orders in Council the accusation was specifically directed . With respect to the principle upon which these Orders in Council were founded , he begged to state , that be had always considered them as strictly retaliatory , and as far as he understood the subject , they were most completely justified