What then were we doing by this system ? Contributing to the profit of the enemy , to the building of vessels for him , and to furnish seamen for him , to enable him at some future period to invade this country . Was it then the resumé of the policy of ministers to destroy the trade of America and benefit that of the enemy ? Were we , instead of annihilating the navy of the enemy , to furnish him with seamen to man it ? What was thus the effect of those Orders , but destroying the trade of America and alienating her disposition , although it was pretended that these Orders were to benefit the neutral , whilst they benefited the trade and aided the resources of the enemy , which it was pretended they would destroy and annihilate ? Let the ministers pause long before they forced America to war . Was it any ground for triumph that a war would distress America ? Undoubtedly it would , but should we not in the sequel be deeply distressed by the consequences of such a war ? Suppose that by unexpected successes we should sweep the American commerce from the surface of the ocean , 1048 would not their 140,000 seamen man a predatory force of 2 millions of shipping tonnage against the commerce of this country ? He trusted that means would yet be sought to avert the interminable evil of a war with America , although he admitted that if the great interests of the country were at stake , war could not be avoided . Had we , however , allowed their carrying trade , instead of attempting to destroy it by the Orders in Council , the profits of it would have been brought back to the parent stock , increasing and benefiting our manufactures and resources ; and the harmony between the two countries would have led to the most beneficial results . He would not now contend that we had gone too far in our demands to America in asking her to require freedom for her trade in the ports of France , but he would say , that the best chance for the restoration of amity with that country , so highly to be desired , was the repeal of the Orders in Council . That the repeal of those Orders was now in every point of view called for , he trusted was rendered abundantly evident ; every plea on which they had been founded was proved , after an experience of upwards of four years , to be erroneous . It had been stated that their object was to press upon the enemy , and to destroy his trade and resources ; whereas it had been proved that they had benefited the enemy and added to his navigation . Instead of conciliating the neutral , they had exasperated and irritated her.—Instead of benefiting our commerce , manufactures , and resources , they had diminished our commerce , distressed our manufactures , and lessened our resources ; and , instead of upholding our maritime superiority , they had added to the navigation of foreigners . National pride and national honour might be urged , but how were national pride and national honour , by the system of simulation , of fraud , and dissimulation , under which our commerce was carried on , to be upheld ? Our maritime superiority , it was shewn , was not only not supported by these Orders , but they were proved to be operating directly contrary to the principles on which it must rest for support . His lordship then adverted to the account on the table , shewing the number of licences granted to British and foreign ships , by which it appeared that the number granted to foreign vessels had increased from 2,000 to 6,000 , and observed , that this clearly proved the baneful effects of the Orders in Council , in 1049 operating against our own navigation , and maritime superiority . The noble marquis earnestly recommended the resumption of our ancient policy , and concluded by