, had been extended , as far as depended upon the influence of the French government , to Prussia , Denmark , and Sweden . If , then , these frauds and perjuries were most prevalent in the Baltic trade , let not the hon . gentleman sound the alarm that they arose from the Orders in Council , when in fact they were chiefly practised on a theatre where the Orders in Council had now no operation . It was impossible for the hon . gentleman to deprecate 775 a war with America more than he did ; but he had only to say that it was not a question for their determination . It was for America to decide the point—she had fallen upon a new system , and made new and unheard of pretensions ; and he was astonished to heat it said that America had evinced no partiality for France . France , it was well known , had made large pretensions on the subject of maritime rights , and in these she had been followed by America . She had asked more than the hon . gentleman himself had ever asked for her before . In conclusion he stated , that war with America would be avoided by the British government , unless they found themselves in a situation in which it could not be avoided—he would not say without risking our greatness—he would not say without risking our honour—he would not say without risking even our security—but he would say without risking our very existence as a nation . had not heard one argument against the motion of his hon . friend , except the one which went to slate that the House was nor the fit place for discussing the differences between the two governments . He deprecated the idea which seemed every day to be gaining ground , that it was necessary for the well being of the country , to shut out information from parliament on subjects of the greatest importance to the existence of the country . The hon . and learned gentleman had not justified the conduct of the British government towards America , as reprobated by his hon . friend . Was the conduct complained of , such as ought to be pursued , and tolerated against the minister of an independent nation ? Was there a single individual in this country ( supposing America had treated the British minister in a similar manner ) , who would not have held up his hand in favour of war ; and had not America great reasons for complaining of the arrogant and insolent manner in which her minister was received ? He should have conceived under all the circumstances , it would have been impossible for ministers to deny the papers . The state of things called upon them , in his opinion , to review and retrace their steps in the course of the discussions . With respect to what had been stated about the Orders in Council , he thought the hon . gentleman might have retracted his opinion on the effect of those orders , the more so , as a great statesman 776 who had once given his opinion in favour of the Orders in Council ( Mr. Canning ) had so done . The principle of the measure was founded on injustice , and it would be well for ministers to consider the state of the country , when they resolved to persevere in those Orders . He had the greatest satisfaction , however , in the prospect that with whatever pertinacity the commencers of this system persevered in it , they would not be long enough in their places to carry it much farther . He said this not from any personal dislike to the right hon . gentleman opposite , but purely from a conviction that his measures would be ruinous to the country . A change of men , without a change of sentiments and policy , would have no effect . He would much rather there was no change , if it was to be the case . If the