, and imposed upon the neutral as the price of a continental trade , the necessity of paying a previous tribute to ourselves . He had another and a serious objection also to urge against it , on the ground that it continued to sanction that pernicious indulgence of suffering the neutral to be the carrier of the enemy 's colonial trade . Their lordships had seen that Mr. Erskine had made a merit of this indulgence , in his representations to the American government . He was happy to say that , by the Order of April , 1809 , part of these objections had been removed . That Order limited the blockade to the coasts of France , Holland , and the northern parts of Italy . In his opinion the system of blockade would proceed much more successfully were the system of trade licences abandoned . There were great abuses in that latter system . Undoubtedly it was expedient to obtain articles of the first necessity , such as grain and naval stores ; but , generally speaking , the licence system was injurious , and in no way more so than in the offence which it gave to morals . Besides , it was adverse to , and completely inconsistent with , the principles on which the Orders were founded , namely , to inflict privation on the enemy.—There was one consideration which had great weight is inducing him to vote against the proposition 1072 of the noble lord . He would not assert the general doctrine that there should be no parliamentary interference while a negociation was pending with another power ; but under the circumstances of the pending negociations with America , he was decidedly hostile to any parliamentary interference . To accede to the motion of the noble lord , would be to recommend to the Crown to repeal those Orders in Council which were the actual subject of the disputes between the two countries . He , for one , would not be a party , under the existing circumstances , to the transfer of that discretion which ought to belong to the executive government , to either of the other branches of the legislature . No one attached more importance than he did to the maintenance of a good understanding between Great Britain and America ; but he should deeply regret if parliament were rashly to recommend those concessions to America which the executive government had , for such a length of time , thought it wise to resist . For all these reasons he should dissent from the motion . shortly replied . It was not his intention to consume the time of the House in observing on all that had fallen from noble lords on the other side . For he really thought all they had said had been already satisfactorily answered . The noble viscount had objected to his motion for going into a committee , because as the noble viscount conceived it , licences did not necessarily belong to or form a part of the Orders in Council . This might be so in point of form ; but when , to oppose this he shewed that , in point of fact , the two systems were incorporated in one , had he not a right to ask of the noble viscount to go with him into a committee on that subject ? By what , he wished to know , could the fact be more effectually proved or disproved than by going into that committee ? It had been said , that by entertaining a subject of this kind , the House would give encouragement to that discontent which was supposed to prevail out of that House . Of the force of such an argument he was not aware . Were not noble lords sensible that the more obstinately they shut their doors against complaints , the more would discontent prevail ? Were they to hold out , that to the discontented they would never listen , and that it was only when people had nothing to cemplain of that that House would hear them ?