state it must have been left with regard to its civil , military , and financial concerns after the French troops had withdrawn . It can not be a matter of surprise that under such circumstances , the advantages since obtained , could not be achieved at once , but have been the result of perseverance and attention to the most minute details , and by strictly adhering to the system which circumstances rendered it necessary to introduce . However , I am rejoiced to say , that the exertions which had been made have been most effectual , and have been attended by results truly beneficial—so much so , that if the House think the subsidy of last year , and that which will be proposed in the present , are sufficient to cover even the military expenditure of Portugal , they are much mistaken . Independent of the 2,000,000l . which were voted last year , a sum of not less than 1,800,000l . has been furnished by the people of that country to support their military establishments—and , therefore , it must evidently be seen , that Great Britain is not affording resources to a people who are doing nothing for themselves . I will not detain the House longer than to move an Address in answer to the gracious Message of the Prince Regent . The 1297 Address , as usual , was an echo of the Message . said , that there were one or two points of the noble Secretary 's speech with respect to which he wished to say a few words . If he did not oppose the present motion , it was not because he was satisfied with the mode in which the war had been conducted in Spain by the disjointed and distracted government which had ruled this country for these five years past . He could not , however , but join in the praise which had been bestowed upon the military characters who had been employed in that war , and by whose meritorious exertions , an heroic spirit had been diffused throughout the whole army , and even among the Portuguese troops . But in what situation was the peninsula ? What had been done after all the hopes that had been held out to this country ? We were in possession of Portugal , after the Convention of Cintra , when sir John Moore was ordered to advance into Spain with so very inadequate a force ; and still we had hardly done any thing more than keep possession of it . France was still in possession of the capital of Spain , and of the best part of the country , in a military point of view . With an army of 100,000 men , British and Portuguese troops , as good as any in the world , led by a most skilful commander , what had been done ? Would the country , under these circumstances be satisfied with the capture of a fortress , however gallant and important that exploit might be ? The country , he was persuaded , would not be satisfied , looking to the magnitude of the force composed of British and Portuguese regular troops , aided by the guerillas , unless a great and powerful exertion was made , in order , if possible , at once to terminate the war , and destroy the power of Buonaparté in the peninsula . We had expended enormous sums in this contest ; and though France had lost a great number of men , it was not . to be concealed that we lost a considerable number also ; and however obscure the situation of these men , they had still relations and friends to feel for their sufferings , and lament their fate . It was proper , then , in his opinion , if the war was to be continued , that some great effort should be made . With regard to the amount of the sum to be given , he could not help observing , that the Portuguese sufferers might have been relieved out of these