it disgraceful not to go to church ; and others might think the same of illicit intercourse with the sex . He saw no end to proceedings founded on conduct considered as `` disgraceful . '' He knew nothing of Mr. Walsh , but he thought the grounds of the motion insufficient . Crimes of much greater moral turpitude and injury to society were passed by , and it would be too much to begin the moral ground of expulsion on an offence of this description . The measure seemed calculated to involve the House in difficulties . rose for the purpose of * See Parliamentary History of England , Vol . 3 , p. 109 . 1192 opposing the motion . He thought that the House should attend as much to the danger of setting a bad precedent , as to their feelings of indignation at the immorality of the action of which Mr. Walsh was guilty . As to the right that the House had to expel its members , that had been settled by long usage . There were three great classes of cases upon which they had frequently been called upon to exercise that right . The first was , the case of contempt of the House itself . Without the right of expelling in such cases , the House would not be safe , as they had no other tribunal to which they could look for protection . The second class was , breaches of public trust . In these cases the House exercised its jurisdiction on sound and solid principles : for as it was one of the primary objects of that House to take care of the public purse , if it appeared , that any member had appropriated to his private purposes any public money intended for the public good , the House was certainly called upon to inflict its severest punishment on the offence . There was another class of cases , namely , when persons had been found guilty , and punished for gross offences . In these cases the House paid that respect to the sentence of the laws , and to the laws themselves , as to deem a person so convicted and punished , to be an unfit person to sit in that House . The present case , however , was widely different : there was a record of conviction it was true , but then that record was incomplete , as there was no judgment upon it . The counsel for the prisoner preferred the reserving a point , to taking a special verdict , as that might have been brought before the House of Lords , and occasioned a great delay , during which time Mr. Walsh must have remained in imprisonment . If it had been a special verdict , there would not have been a conviction . As to the mere immorality of the act , he thought that principle might be carried to a most dangerous extent . If they were to go to the courts of equity , they would find innumerable instances of persons confessing themselves to have been guilty of breaches of trust ; and it would be very hard to draw the line , and say what sort of a breach of trust should make a member liable to expulsion , when another sort did , not . It was said , however , that the notoriety of the offence should determine the punishment . But it appeared to him , that it should rather be 1193 determined by the nature of the offence than the notoriety . He thought that it was a dangerous principle to leave the House to determine on every separate case by the feelings of the moment , as that course might often lead them to determine in a manner which it would be very dangerous to lay down as a precedent . thought , that the subject was surrounded with difficulties of a perplexing nature : on the one side , there was a natural wish that the House of Commons should not suffer in character from one of its members