yet it was to operate as a bar to the consideration of the Catholic claims ! For himself , he was ready to admit that the intended motion of his hon . friend would not have his concurrence . He wished the Union between the two countries to be consolidated—not annulled . But how was it to be consolidated ? By the adoption of those very means which Mr. Pitt and the noble lord opposite , and the right hon . gentleman himself , once declared themselves disposed to adopt ( in which declaration the Catholics had placed implicit faith ) not , indeed , by express stipulation , but by the tenour , the understood conditions of the Union . If those means were now rejected , it was not a dissolution of the Union alone that might be apprehended , but a dissolution of the empire.—The right hon . gentleman had talked much of the menacing attitude which Ireland had assumed , and of the impolicy as well as the degradation of submitting to this threatening aspect . To him ( Mr. W. ) it appeared , that we first drove Ireland to the necessity of assuming that attitude by our repulsive tone , and by our refusal to accede to the claims of that country . But did not all historical evidence contradict the right hon . gentleman in his declaration of the impolicy of conceding to menacing attitudes ? In the reign of Elizabeth , considerable concessions had been made to the Irish , and surely their attitude was as menacing then as now . Queen Elizabeth also exhibited her knowledge of what was necessary for the security of the state in the concessions she made to the Low Countries . But she was a great princess , and knew how to give . She knew how to bestow as the boon of her free grace , What , when she gave it , was received with gratitude , and repaid with attachment ; other sovereigns knew only how to-with hold ; and at last they had been compelled to yield to menacing attitudes . Had this not been the case in the disputes with America ? And yet at that period there were persons who talked as big about menacing attitudes a ; they did now . But to the menacing attitude 649 of America , they had been forced to yield.—America had since grown to be a stale of importance , and with America there seemed to be at present little prospect of avoiding a war—a war , not with `` rebels '' as they had once been termed , but with an independent people , rendered so by the same conduct on the part of the British government , as that which had been pursued towards Ireland ? ( Hear ! hear ! ) The right hon . gentleman said , that a new era had dawned upon the Irish—that the day star of their liberty had appeared . And was it not to be supposed that the people of Ireland , notwithstanding the strong respect and attachment which they had always manifested for his Majesty , had watched for this new era with all the fondness of devotion—had hailed its arrival with all the ardour of gratitude ? They supposed it to be commenced , and they asked `` Can you now take our claims into consideration—can you now listen to our grievances ? '' `` No , '' replied the right non . gentleman , `` you must first remove your prejudices , you must first allay your animosities , and then we will talk to you . '' What must be the disappointment of he people of Ireland , at hearing this language ! Could the arguments of the right hon . gentleman diminish its poignancy , even if they would listen to them ? Were they to wait for the extinction of religious prejudices , that phenomenon , which had appeared only in Switzerland ? In the Swiss Cantons for above 200 years , and until the accursed period of the French invasion , such an amicable fellowship was