stability and prosperity . In soliciting the favour of the law , let them display a spirit of obedience to the law , and a disposition to submit with reverence to legal authority . May these admonitions be received in the conciliatory spirit , in which they are uttered ; and may the returning sense of duty and affection avert the perils of civil discord ; restore the disturbed temper 449 of the nation ; and enable parliament to consider without passion , and to decide with dignity , a question , vital to the safety and peace , to the power and glory of the empire ! began by observing , that he sincerely hoped the impression made by the noble marquis 's speech on his antagonists , would not operate less powerfully on his friends . He could not avoid thinking , that had the sentiments which he had that evening expressed been communicated in the cabinet to his colleagues , it was not probable that they would have incurred that criminality which might now justly be charged upon them . He was , on his own part , ready to profess his entire acquiescence in the principle laid down by the noble marquis , that the right of the Catholics to the object of their claims , was founded on the opinion entertained by the legislature as to the compatibility of those objects with the interests and security of the empire . So long as obvious considerations of this nature should dictate political restrictions , such restrictions were justifiable . But when the necessity that imposed them ceased , that moment the right revived ; and it became the imperious duty of the legislature , and of every individual composing it , to take immediate steps for accomplishing its restoration . He also agreed , with yet more cordiality , in another position of the noble marquis , namely that it did concern the best interests of every nation to demolish all exclusive systems , and to remove , as destructive and fatal distinctions , those institutions that deprived any particular class or description of persons , of an equal enjoyment of the benefits and advantages of the society at large . He wished , therefore , to inquire how , when urging these arguments , and supporting these principles , the noble marquis could come to the conclusion which he had thought proper to adopt . What was there in his great and varied experience in different countries and different situations : what was there in the history of his correspondence with America , or in his negociations in Spain , to lead him to the belief , that if three million of inhabitants might be safely admitted to a full participation of the rights and privileges of their fellow countrymen , there was no danger , no injustice , in continuing to exclude them ? With respect to the question of time , it appeared to him , that no period could be more appropriate for an ample 450 discussion of this subject than the present , when parliament was on the point of establishing a new government . With a knowledge of the transactions and events of the last twelve years , and of the evils that had so plentifully resulted from that weak or tyrannical system which had been unfortunately so long pursued with respect to Ireland , was it not incumbent on them to consider at such a crisis , how that system might be amended , or its natural consequences be averted ? He was happy to have an opportunity of expressing the satisfaction he felt at not hearing any mention of one argument which on former occasions had been brought forward in that House . The argument was this , that the descriptions given of the condition of Ireland , and of the claims , the desires , and the feelings of the Irish people were inaccurate and exaggerated representations . For whatever might be his opinion of the occasional improprieties in the conduct of the Catholics : —however he might lament , but not be surprized at the partial