With respect to what the hon . baronet had said as to the infliction of corporal punishment not being known in foreign armies , and that the high state of discipline and valour evinced by those armies , evidently shewed the practical good resulting from it , he must answer , that to take it out of the military code of Great Britain , would not be attended with beneficial effects . By so doing , a summary , and in some respects , an arbitrary power would be vested in officers , little compatible with the genuine spirit of the British constitution . What was the present form of proceeding in courts martial ? The offence must be proved on oath , and then if guilty , a sentence was pronounced ; but it did not always happen that it was carried into execution . The best security , therefore , that the soldier had , was in the discretion and humanity of the court . Inducing the House to suppose that the individual charged was not clothed with greater security under the present code , was an attempt to mislead its judgment . It was owing to that high-minded and liberal feeling which guided the conduct of officers , that the condition of the men was so good . The hon . baronet had talked of the impolicy of subjecting the men to the caprice of their 1277 officers . Such an insinuation was dangerous , for it would have the effect , by insinuating that the British officer was capricious , of taking away that affectionate attachment which generally was found among all ranks of the army to the commanding officers . The arguments which he advanced to shew the danger , by stating that the men were bad in consequence , was not fair ; for if the hon . baronet had been present on the former evening , he would most undoubtedly have been satisfied that such an imputation was directly-inconsistent with the general feelings of the House . He would have learnt from the discussion of that evening , that the men introduced from the hulks , so far from their furnishing bad materials for the army , had , on the contrary , turned out some of the best soldiers . Indeed the whole of his arguments seemed to have no other tendency but to the conviction , that it was impossible the House should adopt his clause . Where , for instance , could he have discovered the opinion of judge Blackstone , namely , that corporal punishment incapacitated a man from sitting on a jury ? Certainly not in his writings ; for he ( Mr. S. ) had no recollection of such an opinion , nor did he believe the fact was as stated . However the hon . baronet had used it as one of the most weighty of his arguments in support of his proposition . If the House would estimate the importance of the hon . baronet 's other arguments by to is one , they would see that the proposition was perfectly unsupported by reasoning or authority.—The proposed clause was wholly inadmissible ; it was most desirable to diminish corporal punishment , by commutation for imprisonment , at the discretion of officers—but the option should be always held out ad terrorem ; and it would be totally subversive of discipline , and ruinous to the best interests of the army , to do away altogether the principle of corporal punishment . He would , when the opportunity should occur , give his most unqualified dissent to the motion . was disposed to think that advantage had arisen from the many discussions which had already taken place on the subject . At the same time it was a subject , of all others , on which , in the discussion , great caution ought to be used . With respect to the question , he was happy to concur in the course which had been adopted by his Majesty 's government , not at all questioning the purity of the 1278 motives which had induced the hon