upon the actual renunciation of the decrees , but would be satisfied with a declaration to that effect ; and that so long as in operation the decrees did not touch their pockets , in principle they would not care whether they were formally revoked , or nominally only . The contrast between these two characters , that would readily suggest itself to the mind of an intelligent French minister , would as infallibly point out to him the nominal repeal of the decrees as an effectual way to conciliate America , the best mode of rendering the English nation incredulous , and consequently as the certain course to excite differences between Great Britain and America , the final result of which would be , to throw America into the arms of France . With regard to the state of the public mind in the United States , he had only to observe that there were generally two parties in every state , differing materially as to their views of policy , and the measures that , in their minds , would best promote the interest of the state , though neither could be suspected of any wish or design to betray the interests of its country . In the United States , one party was disposed to an alliance with Great Britain , and another was eager to draw closer the bonds of union and amity with France . By the policy which had been adopted by this country , the whole power of the state in America had been thrown into the hands of those , who , by habit , partiality , and inclination , were well disposed ' towards France . If for no other ground than that 1066 it would inevitably lead to peace with America , he would be an advocate for the repeal of the Orders in Council . For as to the horrible idea of going to war with that country , he could not for one moment entertain it , or suppose that their lordships would consent to continue the Orders in Council , if they should be proved to lead to that unfortunate consequence.—While he was on this topic , he should take the opportunity to state , that if there was any one point on which he had the honour to agree with the noble lords opposite ( an honour he could scarcely call it ) that point was the maintenance of the war in the peninsula . He besought their lordships , and particularly the noble lords opposite , therefore , not to put to hazard the cause in the peninsula for any trumpery objects of nominal rights . A war with America , if that should unfortunately take place , would infallibly be the ruin of that cause , because it would effectually destroy the sinews and resources of the war in the peninsula . He begged their lordships to consider what effect a war with North America might have upon South America . He believed that it was in politics , as in war , the wisest course to sacrifice all subordinate objects to the attainment of one great purpose . Nothing could be so strong a proof of weakness and a pusillanimous spirit , as to fritter away the powers of the state in the prosecution of minor objects , and thereby to render the attainment of great national ends more difficult and precarious . Upon all these grounds , therefore , he conjured the House to accede to the present motion , that the Western world might see that England exhibited a temper , the continuance of which would assuredly lead to the prosperity of both . allowed that it was the interest of Great Britain to avoid a war with America , and maintained that she had uniformly acted with the utmost forbearance towards that country . The quarrel , such as it was , had originated with the late ministry ; and his Majesty 's present ministers were not answerable for any evils resulting from the commercial system . The noble earl took a summary view of the proceedings of the late