think that any thing improper would take place on the part of the Prince in the course of one fortnight ? It would be satisfactory to the country , that a proper confidence should be reposed in the Prince Regent , and that proper means should be taken for placing him with sufficient dignity on the throne . The Parliament was itself responsible for the manner in which that was performed , and was bound to take care that he should be freed from any incumbrances which could , in the slightest manner , interfere with the splendour of the monarchy . He would conclude with thanking the House for the attention they had shewn him . He had conformed himself at present to the principles of the bill , without going into that detail , to which he might afterwards be inclined to enter in the committee . He did not wish to embarrass the government , but he could not help expressing his disapprobation of going into a committee at present on the bill , thinking that it would be preferable to put it off to a distant day , and wishing that a committee should be appointed for entering into an immediate investigation of all the matters , which could throw light upon the subject . said be was of opinion , that the House would not discharge their duty to the public if they agreed to the 345 arrangement in the manner proposed by the Bill , and did not provide for the independence of the Prince Regent by an adequate Civil List . They were also bound-to take those wholsome precautions recommended by the constitution for securing responsibility in the expenditure . The right hon . gentleman who spoke last , had not entered into the details of the subject , and he should follow his example ; at the same time he should observe upon one or two cases , in which he hoped he should not be accused of entertaining any narrow or mean views . He was disposed to think , that , making proper allowances for the alteration in the value of money , the expence in various departments of the Civil List would not be found to have exceeded that of the best times of our history ; but when , in 1304 , they were called upon to vote an excess of 200,000l . he would venture to state , that if there was not such a fund as the Droits of Admiralty , the excess would not have taken place ; ministers would have economised better . This was enough to prove the impolicy and the improvidence of not adhering to the custom of our ancestors , by limiting the amount of the Civil List , without admitting the supply of any contingent funds . He made no charge against any one , for the practice had obtained in all administrations , in that of Mr. Pitt , in that of lord Grenville , and in that of his right hon . friend the present Chancellor of the Exchequer ; but that was no reason why it should be permitted , now that it was brought before the attention of the House . With respect to the Droits of Admiralty , some persons contended , that they belonged to his Majesty , upon the same grounds that all his other property did , but even if that were the case , it furnished no reason why they should not be regulated by parliament . He conceived that , even if his Majesty were in perfect health , it would be competent to them to debate upon all his revenues . If not , they had taken an unwarrantable liberty indeed , in voting for Mr. Burke 's Bill . They had also taken a great liberty in regulating the amount of pensions to be granted out of the Scotch hereditary revenues . If it was said , that this competency was restricted to emergencies only , then he would answer , that this emergency had now occurred ; so that the only question was , whether it became