his father . He did not mean to say that the claim should be now revived , but be denied that it had been relinquished ; and he would venture to say , if the right hon . gentleman ' looked over the Journals before he went to bed , he would have the Candour to come down on the report tomorrow , and declare his error . He really wished he could hare some specific promise from him on the subject . In fact , most of the great legal authorities at that time ( with the exception , perhaps , of the right hon . gentleman ) had declared their opinion of the validity of the Prince 's claims . The Master of the Rolls , if present , could confirm the opinion he then gave ; and lord Thurlow had been of the same opinion . said he did not rise to protract the debate , but merely to mate an observation on the insufficiency of Carleton house to accommodate the number of servants who must necessarily be in attendance in the household of the Regent . He therefore thought that an additional sum of a few thousands should be voted , and could not be of any material consequence . from the Secretary of State 's Office , presented a Comparative Statement of the Population of the several Counties of Great Britain , in the Years 1801 and 1811 ; shewing the Increase or Diminution thereof : together with the present State of the Returns called for by an Act of the last Session of Parliament . said , he would take the present opportunity of making a few observations on the subject matter of the Account then before the House . No regular Census had beep attempted to be taken of the population of England , Scotland , and Wales , until the year 1801 , when the right hop , gentleman , who now filled the chair of that House , brought in a Bill for that purpose.—The right hon . gentleman said , that he , in the last session , had had the honour of introducing the measure , under which the late enumeration was made ; and he had great pleasure in stating to the House , that , in the course of the last ten years , since the Census of 1801 , an increase of population , to the amount of more than one million and a half , had taken place . In England that increase appeared to be in a ratio of 14 per centum ; in Wales 12 and in Scotland 13 This , increase in the amount of the population , exhibited an extent and duration unexampled in the history of this country ; and what rendered it still more surprising was that the increase of the males was as great as that , of the females . The total population of England , Scotland , and Wales , in 1801 , was 10,472,048 ; at present it amounted to 11,911,644 ; making an increase of 1,439,596 persons , actually 178 resident in the country ; which , added to 170,000 men comprised in our army and navy abroad , made a total amount of 1,609,498.—He considered it a master of great congratulation to the country that the population should have so much in creased , when the drain of men for the army , navy , and merchant service was contemplated . It might perhaps be said , that , at the time when the country was called on to exult in such an increased population , it unfortunately appeared , that the employment for the lower orders had fallen off . Where such a circumstance occurred , it was to be regretted ; but , he believed , in the manufacturing counties , and there only , had employment failed : every where else it kept pace with the increase of the population . And even there , it would be found , that the evil was not so generally felt as in the last year . But , taking the circumstances and