the committee.—He could not have the slightest hesitation in saying , on the part of his noble friends , lords Grey and Grenville , that it was their conviction that if the discontents in Ireland were not immediately removed , there was every reason to apprehend the most dangerous consequences ; and when it was asserted that lord Grenville had shifted his ground , it ought not to be forgotten that two years of increased confusion had since been witnessed in Ireland , and lord Grenville had it not in his power now to offer any redress . For himself , he did not believe that a tythe of the regulations some men required were necessary ; but lord Grenville was of a different opinion , and upon the subject of the Veto he had expressed it . At the former period , the Catholics declared their readiness to meet the difficulties half way ; and how was it to be ascertained that if sincere offers were now proposed to them , they would not exhibit the same disposition ? At the present moment lord Grenville was as desirous as ever of procuring the necessary guards , if they could be obtained ; but if not , he was willing to avert the total ruin of the country , by making a comparatively insignificant sacrifice . Was the noble lord who spoke last the only man who was to be allowed to modify his sentiments with the urgency of the occasion ? Nothing , however , could be more unjust than to state that those two distinguished peers were actuated by the narrow principles which governed that noble lord . They would be happy to listen to any proposition that would tend to the public benefit , but they would only hear it from a person who agreed with them in , the main principle of Catholic Emancipation.—To the subject of the war 1029 carried on in Spain and Portugal , he would next advert , and to the assertion of lord Castlereagh , that it could be con-ducted and directed by none who did not feel a violent enthusiasm in the cause . His ( Mr. T 's ) opinion was , that the measures were to be limited by the mean '' , [ Hear , hear ! ] —although there could be but one feeling in the nation that to the utmost of our means the common enemy of the liberties of man was to be resisted . If , indeed , the government of the new Regency were united , if the recruiting service from the re-animation of the country were more successful , if our finances were better managed , and if above all , the whole population of the empire were conciliated , additional inducements to more vigorous efforts would be supplied . He desired to be distinctly understood that he never maintained that it was necessary to withdraw the British army from the peninsula ; all he requested was , that the subject should be soberly and deliberately investigated , and that the House should not be led away by the enthusiastic spirit which the noble lord had so much admired . Of lord Wellington he entertained the highest opinion : a braver officer , one mote beloved by his troops or more zealously attached to the interests of his country , could not exist . But if lord Wellington 's enthusiasm pervaded the ministry , he should be glad to learn why marquis Wellesley had deserted them in their utmost need ? What was the cause of his quilting office ? Was it the Catholic question ? Was it the state of the finances ? Was it a difference of opinion with regard to the assistance to be afforded to Spain ? He claimed an answer from the Chancellor of the Exchequer on behalf of the country , since it would tend to throw much light upon subjects which a strong disposition had been shewn to keep in the shade . The lamentable state of the government at the present moment , when all was loose conjecture , rendered the proposition for