and a certain proportion of their prize-money , to both those great national institutions . It appeared , then , that if the marines were compared with the line or artillery , they were excluded from the staff ; they had no adequate proportion of field officers , and that the promotion was most dishearteningly slow . He should propose to remedy these grievances without delay : the corps should be increased , the situation of its commandant improved , promotion accelerated—all of which might be done without any addition to the public burthens . The number of second lieutenants might be curtailed , and the pay and allowances of the drummers now noneffective , might also be applied to that purpose , as completely to cover the ex-pence , which could not exceed 5,000l . a year ; but it was not for him to do more than invite the attention of the House and the Admiralty to this subject . He said that in the comparison he had made between the marines and the navy , he wished distinctly to be understood as 757 not meaning the slightest insinuation that the rewards or honours of the British navy were at all beyond its merits ; far from it ; it was barely possible for the gratitude of the country to keep pace with the illustrious claims , the skill and valour of the British navy were making upon it every hour ; all he meant was , not that the navy should have less , but that the marines should have more . He then moved , `` That there be laid before this House , a Copy of the Memorial of the commandants , field officers , and senior captains of the Royal Marines , to the right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty , relative to the situation of that corps in 1810 : '' If this was agreed to , it was his intention to move for `` A copy of the Letters of colonels Desbrowe and Trench , as to the appointments and rank in the said corps , addressed to the Board of Admiralty in the year 1810 . '' said , that , as to the latter motion , he was convinced that the House would not require a private letter to be produced . As the object of moving for the other paper was declared to be in order to ground an Address to the Prince Regent upon , he thought it necessary to make a few observations upon the case which the hon . gentleman had submitted to them . He perfectly agreed with every thing that had been said about the merits of the corps , but as they were well known to the House and to the empire at large , he did not think it necessary to say much upon that point . The House were always slow in interfering with matters of pure military regulation and detail ; and unless they were convinced that the executive had neglected its duty , they seldom or never interfered in these points . How , he would ask , what could be a matter of purely military detail , more than the rank which marine officers should have upon garrison duty ? It must be recollected . by the House , that there was no complaint of any of the old regulations for the marine corps having been departed from , but that it was merely a wish of the hon . gentleman to substitute some others in their place . The reason why they had not the same rank in garrisons , was , that they were seldom or never called upon to do garrison duty . If they were called upon to do garrison duty with other corps , there was no doubt but that their officers would take rank according to the date of their commissions ; but the fact was , that while they were on shore , all that was required 758 of them was to remain orderly in their barracks , and therefore no question of rank arose . Out of the