whole number of 35,000 marines , 25,000 were generally on board ships , where , from the very nature of the service , they must necessarily be under the command of the captain of the ship . It would be recollected , however , that no officer higher than a captain of marines could be called upon to serve on board a ship ; and therefore when they arrived at the rank of field officers , they had little or no duties to do , and they lived in a sort of retirement from the service . From the difference of the services they were called upon to perform , there was little analogy between the situation of officers of marines , and officers either in the line or the artillery . Keeping these general points in view , he would also observe , that the system now acted upon in the marine service , was that which had always subsisted . The active services of the matines as a body , were always performed under the orders and superintendance of the sea captain , or admiral of the fleet . Even when the marines were occasionally landed in boats , for the purpose of attacking any place , they were under the command of an officer of the navy . This , of course , prevented them from having the same number of field officers as were possessed by other corps ; but if any occasion occurred when they were landed , and acted in battalion , then they acted under their own field officers . There was at present a battalion of marines in actual service in Porta gal , which was commanded by its own officers , and had proved extremely effective and useful . The hon . gentleman had founded his complaint chiefly on the small number of staff officers which belonged to the marine corps , and the inferior amount of their emoluments , when compared with those of other branches of the naval and military service . Now , as to these points , he would beg leave to obsecre , that the whole subject was taken into the consideration of government only three years ago , and a very material addition was then made to the emoluments enjoyed by the superior officers of the marines . He was quite persuaded that the greater part of these officers were at present extremely satisfied with their situation , as compared with that of other branches of the service ; and as this improvement of their general situation and prospects had taken place so lately as 1809 , he was convinced that there was no 759 necessity for again recommending that subject to the attention of the Prince Regent , or of the House.—The right hon . gentleman here entered into a comparison between the pay and emolument of the colonels , commandants ' , and majors of marines , and those of officers of similar rank in the army , from which , upon the whole , he inferred that the inequality of the emoluments was trifling , if any , and not greater than what was occasioned by the diversity of service . The hon . gentleman had complained of the slowness of promotion in the marine service , and that so very few officers reached the rank of commandants . But similar complaints were equally applicable to promotions in the army ; for how few colonels in the army were there , comparatively speaking , who could be promoted to the command of regiments ? Besides , during war , the proportion of marines on shore was extremely small , when compared with those who were on shipboard , and these entitled to all the advantages which belonged to the naval service , such as the chance of prize money , & c. ; advantages which inferior officers in the army did not possess . Were there even , therefore , some inequality in the pay of these respective branches of service , he saw no reason for chaffering as the hon . gentleman had done , about a few shillings or pounds