, and are unwilling to believe this increase of 1809 real : these sceptics on the contrary , have the boldness to say , that this excess of exportation went to a market which was not disposed to receive it . They will tell you that the goods which were sent to South America were not sold ; that the goods which were sent to the various countries of Europe were not sold . If such were the fact it was naturally to be expected that their conjectures would be borne out by the return of goods from the same quarters in the next year , and accordingly next year there was an almost proportionate excess of importation of the same kinds of goods in which there had been an excess in the export the year before . In 1810 there came from America to the amount of five millions more than in 1807 ; and there was imported from countries in Europe , including West India produce , more than twenty millions , and not including it sixteen millions . So that it was evident a great part of the goods sent out from this country in 1809 found 1104 found no sale , but having glutted the markets of Buenos Ayres , Guernsey , Jersey , and other places , were returned to this country , to swell the amount of imports in the succeeding year . It appears that in 1810 the exports were 62,702,409l . ; and the imports 74,538,061l . ; and as it has been confessed that the Bank could not have supplied 12 millions in gold to balance this account , the circumstance is inexplicable but on the grounds which I have already stated . As the Custom-house accounts then abound with difficulties and inconsistencies , I shall at once dismiss them as unintelligible , without some parole information , without we may have an opportunity of examining Mr. Irving himself , and the officers of the Custom-house , and contrasting and comparing the information to be derived from them , with that which appears in their books . Unless such an examination take place , these documents , instead of being the oracles of truth , can be considered only as the depositories of error . There is another reason why I am disposed to place little faith in the accounts of exports . It is well known that several articles pay no duty on exportation , such as cotton and wool , for instance ; and it is no uncommon thing for a man to enter goods exported to the amount of a hundred thousand pounds , for the purpose of giving an idea of his commercial consequence on ' Change , who has not , in fact , exported to the value of ten thousand pounds ; a fact I can prove , if the House will agree to my motion for a committee . Thus far having gone out of my way , for the purpose of meeting something like a challenge , which appeared to be made on the other side , I will leave the House to judge how far I have succeeded in my object , of endeavouring to reconcile those papers with the distresses and petitions of our manufacturers , and I shall proceed to resume the argument at that part at which I deviated from it , namely , the relaxation of the system of the Orders in Council in 1809 . If this relaxation proved the greatest want of confidence in their system on the parts of ministers themselves , if in fact it wholly abandoned the ground on which it was originally pretended that those Orders were founded ; if it demonstrated that all prospect of making Buonaparté relax in his system by bearing hard upon French commerce was vain—I am now prepared to show that every thing that has since ' happened has evinced the total futility , 1105 with regard to its professed object , of retaining all that remained of our measures , and that every thing that has since happened ought to induce us to retrace our Steps