to be productive of considerable effects.—The next question of the hon . gentleman was about the military force employed in the peninsula , and bit wished to be informed by what expedient ministers were prepared to replace the waste which he supposed to have taken place . On this point , he had the pleasure and satisfaction to inform the hon . gentleman , that our army in Spain was at this moment 10,000 men stronger than it was last year ; and thus the waste , which had not been so great as the hon . gentleman and others imagined , had already been 61 fully supplied.—Another question referred to the state of our relations with America ; but he hoped the House would be so indulgent as not to ascribe the indisposition of his Majesty 's government to enter into particulars at the present moment , to an inability to make their cause good , and to justify all their actions . It never would be the duty of any government , even for the purpose of vindicating its own conduct , to state the conduct which they experienced . Nothing could be more calculated to widen and inflame those differences which it should be their object to allay . This was not the period for putting the government on its trial for discussing the conduct of England to America and that of France . If the hon . gentleman was , indeed , of opinion , that America adopted nothing but a fair neutrality between France and England , he would leave him in possession of that opinion , rather than endeavour to correct it by any improper disclosure . He would allow that a war with America would be an evil to Great Britain ; but he also knew , that such a war would be a greater evil to America . As an evil to America , he was anxious to avert it ; he looked upon America as accessary to the prosperity and welfare of Great Britain , and would be sorry to see her impoverished , crushed , or destroyed . ( A laugh from the Opposition side . ) He did not mean to say that America would be annihilated ? but with regard to commerce , and all the advantages to be derived from it , he was confident , she might be deprived of them . A war with America would not be advantageous to England , but it would be ruinous to America . For his own part , he looked at the prosperity of America as accessary to that of this country . He should not wish to see America impoverished , much less reduced in power , or subdued . Sure he was , that no one could construe those truly conciliatory dispositions of England into fear ; but , he was of opinion , that England , conscious of her own dignity , could bear more from America for peace 's sake , than from any other power on earth . He might be wrong in the view he had taken of the subject , but it was fair to allow , by a parity of supposition , that the hon . gentleman might be wrong also.—As to the revocation of the Berlin and Milan Decrees , on which the hon . gentleman had laid such a stress , few people would go to the length of believing that they were actually revoked , solely on the ground 62 that it was so asserted by America . The hon . gentleman had said , that he would challenge ministers to produce a single instance of those Decrees having been enforced against America . Since their revocation , in his opinion , instances of that kind were most numerous ; but without entering into details , he considered the very document which promised the revocation of those Decrees , as a re-enactment of them , and as a confirmation of the principles on which they were attempted to be established . For his own part , he never had believed that those Decrees had been revoked ;