national advantage which were then and were now applicable ? A foreign sovereign was then on the throne , and the people had not been , as they now were , generally familiarized to the use of arms , the whole standing army being then not above 20,000 men . There then existed no war like the present , in which we saw Buonaparté sending Spaniards into the north , Germans into Spain , and Poles to preserve the tranquillity of Italy . Was there , then , any serious ground of apprehension for the liberties of the country , when we knew that the number of foreigners in our service was limited by law to the number of 16,000 , and that of those the far larger proportion was employed abroad ? There might be danger to some of the connections resident abroad of foreigners in our service , by the publication of their names , but this objection certainly did not apply to the return of their numbers . read the preamble of the act quoted by the noble lord who spoke last , and shewed that the word 1245 'therein ' limited the admission of foreigners into our military service , to foreign corps . The noble lord had , therefore , put an unfair construction upon it . He had treated those who appealed to the Act of Settlement as persons who overlooked the great change of modern times . He confessed he was one of those old-fashioned persons who still thought the best way of supporting the public interest in times of difficulty , was by observing the fundamental principles of the constitution . It had been the pride and glory of lord Chatham that he found an army full of foreigners , and dismissed them all , and it was acknowledged that by so doing , he greatly raised the spirit and hopes of the country . expressed some surprize that those principles which he had always been accustomed to regard as established and incontrovertible , should now be represented as altogether obsolete and inapplicable to the circumstances of the present time . He was himself so little versed in the modern lore of the right hon . gentlemen , as still to retain the belief that the true means of upholding the country when surrounded with difficulties and dangers , was to adhere steadily to the fundamental laws . But it seemed that this was a new æra indeed . From all that he knew of the history of the country , he held it to have always been the distinguishing feature and universal characteristic of Englishmen to feel a jealousy of foreigners , and particularly of armed foreigners , being introduced into this service . In Magna Charta it was stipulated by the barons in arms , as a previous condition to the laying them down , that the 2,000 foreigners then in the kingdom should be immediately sent out of it . If we looked to later periods , passing over many important intervening stages , and coming down to that sera of struggle and difficulty , the reign of Charles 1 , dignified , indeed , by some with the title of Martyr , but who appeared to him to be only a martyr to his own obstinacy , if the House would refer to the famous Remonstrance of 1641 , * they would find that one of the grand grievances then complained of was the employment of foreign troops , and this afterwards formed one of the charges against that misguided monarch . If we referred to the period of the Reformation and the brilliant reign of Elizabeth , who had certainly * See Parliamentary History of England , vol . 2 , p. 946 . 1246 to contend with enemies as numerous and powerful comparatively as those who now threaten our independence , when Spain , assisted by the machinations of the Guises , threatened the liberties of Europe ; when Scotland was divided , and Ireland yet more disturbed than at present , that wise queen placed not her dependence on foreigners , but appealed to the