treatment they have experienced , is to suppose them destitute of the common feelings of human nature . And what is the present situation of the Catholics ? According to the construction put by government upon the Convention Act , you are proceeding against nearly four-fifths of the population of Ireland , against a fourth of the population of the empire . And with what description of persons are you at issue ? Not with those whom the ardour and inexperience of youth , perhaps the chagrin of disappointed ambition , may have led into ants of intemperance and violence ; not persons of that description , but with those whom the whole body of the Catholic persuasion looks up to as among those who are the most eminent in rank , the most distinguished in talents , the most estimable in all the public and private relations of life . You proceed against them as if they were engaged in some dark and mysterious confederacy to unhinge the fabric of that constitution , into a full participation of whose blessings it has been the highest object of their ambition , the unceasing prayer of their petition , to be allowed to enter . If indeed yon suspect their loyalty , it is the duty of government 500 to institute proceedings calculated to meet the exigency of the case . If you foresee danger , you must take measures to avert it ; but if it is only , the scheme , the mode , and machinery of delegation , against which you direct the strong arm of authority , it must be recollected that in the case of the Catholics such a system has not only been tolerated , but has been recognised by former governments , and that no evil effects have ever been stated to have resulted from such toleration and such recognition . Is it then expedient , is it wise , for such an object , and with such a view , to perplex , harrass , and disturb the whole of the Catholic community ? Without then imputing any criminality of intention , or any illegality of proceeding , to the government of Ireland ( and I am not disposed to advance so serious a charge without a firm conviction of the truth by which it is supported ) , I am , I think , justified in contending that the conduct of that government has produced a state of affairs in that country , which loudly and imperiously demands investigation and inquiry . The grounds of the motion which I have the honour of submitting to the House , are reducible within a narrow compass ; they resolve themselves into the state of dissatisfaction and discontent arising from the operation of the disabilities still imposed upon the Catholics , and the system pursued by government with regard to their known decided and recorded opposition to the claims of that body . The remedy I propose is , to enter without delay into the great work of a sincere and cordial conciliation with the Catholics of Ireland . The motives which impel me , are the urgency and peril of the crisis , and the serious and unfeigned apprehension that delay may terminate not only to the prejudice , but eventually to the destruction , of the country . I beg leave to move , `` That this House will resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House , to take into consideration the present State of Ireland . '' merely rose for the purpose of seconding the motion , agreeing , as he did , with all that his noble friend had advanced in support of it . , after a few introductory observations , and remarking that the motion , although , in words ; it formed a very general proposition , yet appeared to have been limited by the noble lord who introduced it to the consideration of what is usually called the Catholic Question : 501 proceeded nearly to the following effect : In order to arrive at a correct judgment upon the subject , it is proper to