In any motion which it was possible for him to make on this subject , he should find it difficult so to express himself as to be able to fall upon , precisely what was wanted for the elucidation of the business , without the assistance of the right hon . gent . who , seeing the intended object , would be much better enabled to judge than he could be supposed to do , what would exactly answer the purpose . With respect to the department of the Master of the Horse , the management of which he understood was conducted by one of the Equerries , he would say nothing at present , as it appeared to him to be most economically managed , and every thing that it ought to be.—The next article on which he could wish for explanation , was one as to which , he was afraid the right hon . gent , would not be prepared to satisfy him , he meant the Special Service and Royal Bounty . In 1804 , the estimate for these expences was 10,000l . The next year the expenditure was 14,000l . ; and the year after it got up to 50,111l . Now , what the cause of this could be , he was at a loss to guess ; and if the right hon . gent , opposite had no objection , he would move for papers illustrative of this circumstance . The only other article on which he should wish for information , was that of the Extraordinary Disbursements for Foreign Ambassadors , Presents to them , & c. The whole of the ordinary expence of Foreign Ambassadors in 1804 , was 112,330l . ; but this branch of expenditure had been continually diminishing since that period . In 1803 it amounted to 59,835l . ; in 1810 to 67,482l . ; and it now stood at 77,064l . and this reduction was occasioned by the diminished number of Ambassadors , arising from the particular situation of the continent for some time past . But what was certainly singular enough , was , that while the number of Ambassadors was so much reduced , the Extraordinary Disbursements , which in 1804 were estimated at 10,000l . should 226 have risen to 50,111l . afterwards to 83,813l . and now actually stood at 53,832l . How was this to be accounted for ? This sum could not certainly be Secret Service money ; for there was a large sum voted by parliament every year for that purpose . The presents to Foreign Ministers , which were also estimated at 10,000l . in 1804 , amounted now to 33,750l . Surely it was necessary this should also be explained.—Again , he would say that all these very extraordinary differences between the estimate and the actual expenditure of the Civil List might be accounted for satisfactorily ; but when the statement which he had just made should go out to the world , he was confident that the country would not be satisfied unless every information which it was in the power of the right hon . gentleman to give should accompany it . He should therefore move , `` That there be laid before this House , 1 . An Account shewing the amount of the charges upon the Civil List-Revenues , so far as relates to the Bills of Tradesmen in the department of the Lord Steward , specifying the different heads of expence under which the same have been paid , from the 5th of July 1804 to the 5th of July 1811 ; distinguishing each year . 2 . An Account shewing the amount of charges upon the Civil List Revenues , so far as relates to payments made to Foreign Ministers , under the heads of Extraordinary Disbursements , Presents and Equipage money , from the 5th of July 1804 to the 5th of July 1811 ; distinguishing each year , and the names of the Foreign Ministers to whom the said payments have been made . 3 . An Account shewing the amount of charges upon the Civil List Revenues ,