falls short of it . If the latter prove to be the fact , I am of opinion , that such assistance should be granted , as would place the Prince Regent in as good a situation , with respect to that fund , as was enjoyed by his Majesty when he acted as Sovereign of the country . This would be a plain and simple mode of proceeding . But the taking a sum from the Civil List , and giving it to the Prince—and then taking it from the Prince and giving it to the Civil List—introduces a degree of complexity into his plan , which , I am not ashamed to say , I can not perfectly comprehend . The right hon . gent . has said , that the recent evidence of his Majesty 's physicians rendered it peculiarly necessary to appropriate a considerable sum to the personal comfort and dignity of the Sovereign . Whenever such a peculiar necessity is made apparent , no man will more readily grant that which is required than I will ; for no man ' in the House is more firmly impressed with the conviction that what is proper should be conceded by parliament . But , I confess , I can find nothing in the evidence of the physicians , which can justify the right hon . gent . in his statement . He has said , that we ought to contemplate the probability of his Majesty arriving at a middle state—a state neither of soundness nor of unsoundness—neither of sanity nor of insanity—a sort of medium which , if it ever occurs , we may consider as the worst situation of his Majesty 's life . For what could be worse , what could be more dreadful , than a lapse of his distemper on one day , and a partial restoration on the next , rendering him cognizant of his malady and thereby making him suffer ten thousand times more than he had ever before suffered ? But , in the whole of the physicians ' evidence , not a syllable is to be 163 found to support an expectation of this middle state . The right hon . gent. , as well as myself , attended the Committee by whom the physicians were examined , and I suppose this notion of a vacillating state , between sanity and insanity , was in his mind then as well as now ; yet , I put it to the right hon . gent. , whether he asked a single question relative to the probability of his Majesty ever being placed in such a situation ? The evidence given by the physicians does not support the assertion . All of them , except Dr. Simmons , have stated that his Majesty 's recovery is highly improbable . One of them says , that it is all but hopeless ; and another , that it is every thing but impossible . The right hon . gent . should , therefore , explain to the House , what foundation he has for entertaining the idea , that his Majesty will be restored to that non-descript situation to which he has alluded . As to the evidence of Dr. Simmons , little comfort can be derived from it ; for , though he says he has known persons as old or older than his Majesty , and labouring under the same affliction , who had recovered , still it should be recollected that those instances were very rare ; and , in answer to a question , he specifically stated , that he never knew a blind insane person recover his senses ; he had known but seven or eight cases of that description , in the course of his practice , and all of them proved what he termed unfortunate . So that the right hon . gent . can not make an application to the House for an addition to the Civil List , either on the evidence of Dr. Simmons , or any other of the physicians . I should be extremely glad to learn what there is