due form . At present he had only to express a hope that his right hon . and learned friend would appoint his own committee on the subject of Penitentiary Houses , and would leave to him to move on Friday for a Committee to inquire into the effects produced by the system of transportation to New South Wales . After some farther conversation , Mr. Secretary Ryder agreed to withdraw the latter part of , his motion . Sir Samuel Romilly then gave notice , that he should on Friday move for leave to bring in a Bill for repealing the act of the 29th of the King , relative to the transporting of convicts . rose , and apologised to the House for thus early pressing upon its attention , when , from indisposition , he was so little able to treat the subject in a manner suitable to his own conception of its magnitude . He would not have come forward , had it not been that his conduct had been called in question , when he had not an opportunity of making that defence , of which he trusted that conduct would always be susceptible . The step which he had taken ( attending the Catholic meeting at Waterford ) , and which he understood to have been animadverted upon , was not taken rashly . He had acted on that occasion with the coolest deliberation , and had done what he did from the firmest conviction , that he was not contravening the law , but was , on the contrary , consulting the best interests of his country . The proclamation was only the interpretation of the law , and not the law itself ; and if any individual was sure that the construction of the law was wrong , he could not be called a violator of the law , when he disregarded the interpretation . The powers assumed by the privy council in the times of the Stuarts were well known to have been one of the chief causes of the expulsion of that unfortunate family . He did certainly attend a meeting of the Roman Catholics of Waterford , assembled for the purpose of preparing a petition to that House ; and he had never ceased to hold out to that body , that in that House the redress of their grievances was to be sought for . He was not one of those who wished to impress upon their minds , that the door of parliament was shut against them . Certain factious persons had done so for the purpose of agitating the public mind in Ireland ; and lately the government appeared to have joined with the agitators to produce the same effect . But fie called upon them to consider the consequences of turning away the minds of three or four millions of people from the constitution , by inculcating the persuasion , that they could never hope for an equal share of its benefits . Was that their way of tranquillizing Ireland ? For his own part , he had always considered it the soundest policy to keep 606 the eyes of the Catholics upon that House ; he had ever inculcated , that fresh sources of information were constantly opening more liberal views to the legislature ; that the world was every day exhibiting phenomena bearing strongly upon this question ; and that , though several sentences had been given against them , they had no reason to despair of the future . But it had been said , that the Catholics had their answer ; and an unwise saying it was . They had not had their answer ; and he hoped that no one would be able to do so much mischief to the country , as to persuade them that the restrictions under which they laboured were irrevocable . In the years 1792 and 1793 , the parliament of Ireland had varied as much as day and night . In 1792 , certain claims of the Catholics were almost unanimously rejected ; in 1793 , they were nearly unanimously admitted ; and restrictions