who could not possibly entertain the proper feeling with which criminals ought to be regarded by them , while they continued to sit down at the same table with them , and to drink with them as associates until the very moment when they pounced upon their prey . If he gave to this statement too high a colouring ( which he really believed he did not ) , if the fact were even incomparably less strong , it 204 would nevertheless deserve animadversion and demand correction . He was , however , far from wishing that the subject of the nightly watch should be omitted from the consideration of the Committee . He thought it extremely deserving of notice , and he was persuaded , that if the nightly watch were put on a better footing , much good would result . His objection , therefore , to the motion was not , that it was wrong , but that it stopped incomparably short of the object which it was desirable to attain . It was well known , that in one parish of the metropolis , inhabited principally by the lower classes , great good had been effected . By parochial exertions tending to improve the nightly watch , the parish of Christ 's Church , Spitalfields , instead of the scene of riot , uproar , and crime , which it formerly presented , had become almost proverbial for its extreme good order and regularity . If similar regulations were adopted at the west end of the town , a great deal would certainly be done towards providing for the safety and comfort , of all , and towards improving the morality of the lower clasess . Much praise was in his opinion due to the worthy and respectable individuals who had taken this matter in hand , and he should be very happy to hear that a similar public spirit pervaded the whole metropolis . He concluded by repeating his entire approbation of every thing that had been said by his hon . and learned friend , and his hope that an amendment would be introduced to the motion , extending the power of the Committee to an inquiry into the State of the Police , as well as of the Nightly Watch . could not doubt , that under all the circumstances of the case , the House would have no hesitation to agree to the motion of his right hon . friend ; for having paid every attention to the arguments of the two hon . members who had spoken on the opposite side , he found that those arguments were directed not against the proposition , but against its limited nature . It mast , now ever , be considered , that the motion of his right hon . friend related to a subject which could not be passed over in a morning or two , and which therefore would not bear to be loaded with alt the theoretical considerations which his hon . and learned friend on the opposite side had suggested . Indeed the subject ' to which the Committee would have to direct 205 their especial attention , was one calculated to engage it very seriously . Their object would be to provide a practical remedy for a practical evil . His hon . and learned friend might certainly differ from his right hon . friend with respect to the value of the remedy , but he was sure that the hon . gentleman who spoke last could not do so , after having enlarged so much on the advantages in a particular district , resulting from the adoption of measures similar to those recommended by his right hon . friend . For what was the proposition of his right hon . friend , but that a Committee of the House of Commons should consider the propriety of enforcing in all the parishes of the metropolis , regulations , from which so much good had resulted in the parish alluded to by the hon . gentleman ? Certainly , there was one qualification of the hon . gentleman 's opinion