barbarous , to bring a man out to bear at a second , or even a third punishment , what it was impossible for him to live under at one infliction . There were many other objections to the practice . The degree of punishment was unequal in severity ; it was left to the caprice of the commanding officer , or the officers composing the court martial ; and who could calculate the sensibility of the nerves of different men , which made that to one a slight , which to another was a mortal infliction ? The instrument of torture was also liable to variation in different regiments , and even in the same regiment at different times . If such a mode of treatment was to be tolerated at all , which in his judgment it ought not , that House , which gave the authority and power , ought to take care and define the crime liable to this species of visitation—to prescribe the dimensions and sort of instrument—and to limit its application . They ought to see , that there were no variations , such as he had just noticed , and which were only to be accounted for on the ground , that the system altogether was an abuse which had crept into the army , and , like all other abuses , was unbounded ; for what the law enacted , the law took especial means to limit and define . He now came to notice the arguments , if arguments they might be called , of those who had opposed the abolition of this detestable practice . They said , `` You must have it ; the army is composed of such a description of persons , that flogging must be allowed . '' How unjust such an assertion was to the English army , their conduct , on every occasion , completely manifested , and he would not enter into a refutation of the calumny . The gentlemen opposite , however , had done all in their power , by incorporating with it convicts from the hulks , to degrade the army to a degree so as to justify their argument , that the lash was indispensable . But could it be that the House would think , 1270 that for the sake of 2 or 300 wretches sent from these repositories of guilt , to increase the numbers of the army , but certainly not to augment its strength , such a system should be upheld ? There were others so tender of life , though callous to the best feelings of the soldier , that they defended the present mode on the ground of this perverted humanity . Others again were its friends through economy , as they would do nothing which might deprive the service of a man . In the end , however , they would find their economical measures the most dear . For what was the result ? Let a recruiting officer ask a countryman to enlist , and he would receive the answer , `` I will never subject myself to be tied up to your halberts . '' This idea ran through the country , operated against the inclination for military service , and rendered the granting of heavy bounties necessary . The apprehension stimulated to desertion ; as the soldier who had committed some slight offence , terrified at the punishment which awaited him , ' was tempted to abscond , on the double chance of making his escape altogether ; and , at any rate , of at least putting off the evil day , a principle , however unfounded , exceedingly strong in the human mind . Thus , it appeared , that in their aim at cheapness , they would , on all hands , be grievously disappointed . But , again , he might be asked , since you condemn the existing practice so much , what substitute do you propose ? This was so ably and feelingly answered by major James , that he would read the passage from his work on a supposition of the same