brilliant achievements he acquired the thanks of this House , and the gratitude of his country , and had he not been disturbed by an incomprehensible jumble of commanders , those achievements would have been as profitable to his country as they were glorious to himself . During the last three campaigns , being freed from such impediments , he has raised the military character of Great Britain to stand foremost in Europe , having by skilful combinations and bold manœuvres , baffled and defeated the most boasted generals and the best armies of France . During this career the same disinterestedness has marked his conduct . The crown of Portugal appointed him its captain general , and placed him in the Regency . The governing power of Spain gave him high rank in their armies ; both these countries desired that he would accept the large emoluments attached to those situations . He refused those emoluments from both those 872 governments ; he disdained to receive any but from his own , when at the same time he drew on his private fortune , to supply the deficiency of his British appointment , to support the expensive hospitality , & c. becoming in his situation . His claims on the justice and liberality of this House do not end here . This House well knows the enormous unavoidable expence inseparable from the Commissariat Department attached to a British army serving abroad . It is also well known , that enormous fortunes have been accumulated ( perhaps in some instances fairly ) by contractors for its various necessary supplies . It is known that lord Wellington has now under his command the largest British force ( taken in all its branches ) that ever was employed in one service out of Great Britain . But perhaps it is not known that this illustrious soldier , in addition to his military talents , is a most able commissary general ; and while he forms and directs those combinations and movements so glorious to his country and himself , superintends and controls the measures for supplying his army . The same military skill by which he defeats the enemy 's tactics in the day of battle , enables him in most cases to foresee their measures , and anticipate the points and the times where supplies will be wanted . His own pure spirit , incessantly exerted , pervades all the branches of this department , and prevents the abuses to which it may be subject . This House has seen by the frequent regulations introduced into it , the difficulties attending the establishment of order and settling accounts of this expenditure . There is every reason to expect that what is incurred under his controul , will be attended with an œconomy hitherto unknown in that line , and at the same time will be so simplified as to require no delay in going through the accounts . The House will be able by comparing the relative expenditures under his command in this army , with those of former armies , to determine the degree of obligation which his country has to him in point of œconomy . It is on these grounds , Mr. Chairman , that I can not avoid expressing regret at the inadequacy of what the right hon . gentleman proposes . But I , in some degree , console myself , from the persuasion , that if Divine Providence shall preserve a life , of which he is too prodigal , his further services will so force themselves on this House , as to oblige it to compensate the narrowness of the present proposed vote . declared , that he had seldom experienced an occasion in which the discharge of his public duty corresponded so completely with the gratification of his private feeling . The conduct of the gallant earl who was the subject of the motion had always been most exemplary ; but in the present instance he was persuaded that there would not be a dissenting voice in the committee . The desert of lord Wellington was acknowledged by the whole world . It