adopted as to these alleged rights of the crown . Without any affectation , he could say , most sincerely , that it was to him a cause of great regret , that this most important subject had not fallen into abler hands ; conscious as he was , of the unequal powers with which be advanced to its consideration ; but comparatively unequal as he was to the task ; however unable he might be to do it a full measure of justice ; yet as it had devolved on him , he would not shrink from it . The subject matter had often come incidentally before the House ; it had frequently been the topic of passing 242 debate , but it had never been brought forward on its own single merits ; ft had never been made regularly the subject of parliamentary enquiry . It was now , therefore , full time that it should undergo a solemn investigation ; it was now time that the House should declare , and that the country should know , whether funds of such an enormous magnitude as were the Droits of Admiralty , were by the law and constitution of this realm , vested in the crown for its separate use , and as a private patrimony . It was now , once for all , necessary , to have it proclaimed , whether the crown could , without any parliamentary grant , or without even the knowledge of parliament , appropriate these immense sums of money . If it should prove true , that the crown had such an extraordinary power , then it was high time for the world to be apprised of the nature of those limitations by which it was the boast of Englishmen to have their monarchy restricted ; it was high time to tell mankind how much the boasted constitution of England had been misunderstood , and to lay aside for ever those gaudy descriptions in which the folly of our pride had arrayed it . Without any further preliminary observations , he should lead the House to the subject matter of his notice ; connected with which , however , was the subject of the annual revenue of the ' crown , arising from the duchies of Cornwall and Lancaster , the four and a half per cent duties raised in Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands , and the surplus of the Scotch revenue . By the statute of Edward the third , when there was a duke of Cornwall of a proper age to receive the revenues flowing from that source , they were estranged from the crown ; but when that was not the case , they were claimed by the monarch . Upon the most moderate calculation he could not estimate that revenue at less than 13,000l . a year . During the minority of his royal highness thee Prince of Wales , this annual sum , besides a yearly revenue arising from a variety of fines , not included in the annual account ; were vested in the Crown . The amount of those fines , during the Prince 's minority , was , he believed , not less than 130,000l . ; so that while the Prince continued an infant , the crown had received nearly half a million of money from the revenue of the duchy of Cornwall.—With respect to the revenue of the duchy of Lancaster 243 the exact funds had not been so clearly ascertained ; he would therefore pass on , taking the admission of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that they were considerable.—He next adverted to the 4½ per cent . duties raised in Barbadoes and the Leeward Islands . For the five years ending in 1808 , the average was 35,000l . per annum . He knew not how those duties had fallen off ' ; but it appeared , that in the first of those five years , they had amounted to 61,000l . He did not wish to trace this revenue to its origin , because he had only to speak to its application