them did not understand what emancipation meant ; many of them did not desire it ; and the great mass of the lower orders could derive no benefit from it . But , Sir , it so happened , that those gentlemen , who took Upon themselves to advise the measures of the Catholics on this head , had some experience and precedents to guide them . In 1790 , a petition was presented to the Irish parliament , from an Aggregate Meeting held in Dublin ; but this petition was rejected , and for these reasons ; it was called , `` The act of an obscure faction , confined merely to the capital , disavowed by the great mass of the Catholics , ignorant of their sentiments , and incompetent to speak on their behalf . '' In 1805 , a similar petition was presented to the united parliament . Let us see what a learned doctor ( Duigenan ) said on that occasion— '' From nineteen of the thirty-two counties in Ireland , there is not one subscriber , and from the remaining thirteen but one each , and not a single name from all the Catholic clergy . How , therefore , '' ( he exclaimed ) `` can this petition be said to come from the Catholic communities either of Great Britain or Ireland ! '' The Catholic leaders might have supposed it possible that Mr. Saurin could be capable of the great inconsistency of advising such a petition in one part of his speech , and in other parts speak thus of the Aggregate Meeting : — '' An Aggregate Meeting , which assumed to itself to be a general meeting of the Roman Catholics . '' `` An assembly , assuming to itself the domination of a general aggregate meeting of the Catholics of Ireland . `` —With such proofs of what objections would probably be urged against a petition of this kind , no candid person can say the Catholics had not good reason for having adopted the manner of proceeding . But the right hon . gentleman says , so far am I from objecting to the principle of an aggregate meeting , I would not have interfered , if the whole Catholic population had come up to Dublin . Now , I think , it is quite plain , from the manner in which he had been alarmed for the safety of the state , by the project of an assembly , the right hon . gentleman would be equally forward in obstructing it ; and , I dare say we should have heard him descant much more on the real dangers of it : and have found him very ready in as- 628 serting , that if the Catholics had proposed a delegated committee , to that he would have no sort of objection . Another mode of proceeding that the Catholics might have taken , was that of having county meetings and separate petitions . But every one who knows any thing of the Catholic body , its size and its various opinions respecting their own case , will allow that petitions of this description would have spoken any thing else but the unanimous and combined opinion of that great body . Besides , it might with reason be supposed , that a government that was so particularly anxious to prevent the agitation of the public mind—to prevent Catholic speech-making , would have great objections to this course . It was not overlooked that , in times which such a government might think the best , I mean in the reign of Charles 2 , they could have found a precedent for an admirable proclamation of that king , against tumultuous petitions having a tendency to sedition and rebellion . There being , therefore , such reasonable objections to induce the Catholics not to adopt either of these two plans of proceeding , there remained only one other plan , that which they did adopt , the plan of proceeding by a committee of delegates . And , Sir , I confidently trust , that when the House