33d of his majesty , another mode of relief was pointed out ; but of this she could not avail herself , as the expence which must necessarily be incurred , amounted to 5l . and she was not possessed of such a sum . Even if she were prepared to take the benefit of that provision , she could not claim it , except at the assizes , and , as they were held but once a year , she would be obliged to suffer an imprisonment of nearly 12 months longer . These were the circumstances under which the Petitioner requested the interference of the House . He intended , at present , only to move , that the petition do lie on the table ; for , on reading it , those who were at all conversant with the regular proceedings of the Ecclesiastical Court , with which he had endeavoured to make himself acquainted , would see that divers irregularities had taken place , in the case of this woman . Therefore , those persons who were connected with the proceedings , might desire to have some opportunity of explanation , before the subject was agitated by the House . He , at the same time , gave notice , that on this day se'nnight , he would submit a motion on this and several other similar cases , which had come to his knowledge.—The Petition was then brought up and read as fallows : `` To the Hon the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , in Parliament assembled . `` The humble Petition of Mary Ann Dix , of the parish of Saint Mary Redeliff , in the city of Bristol , spinster , a prisoner in his Majesty 's gaol of Newgate , in the same city— `` Sheweth—That in or about May , 1808 , your petitioner was cited by the name of Mary Dicks , to appear personally in the episcopal consistory court of Bris- 101 tol , to answer to Elizabeth Daniel Ruffy , wife of Daniel Benjamin Ruffy , of the same parish , officer of excise , in a cause or suit of defamation or slander.—And your petitioner , in obedience to the citation , appeared personally in court on the day and time therein appointed , but no proctor was employed on her behalf to defend the said suit ; your petitioner being then only between 18 and 19 years of age , without any money of her own , and her father being only a poor labourer at the wages of fourteen shillings a week , and having a wife and five other children dependant upon him for a maintenance . `` That your petitioner continued to attend personally at the court , on every court day , for several months successively , and then went in a place of service at Bath , for about three months ; and during her absence her mother attended the court for her , but was told by the plaintiff 's proctor publicly in the court , that her attendance was of no use , and that she must send her daughter . `` That upon your petitioner 's return from Bath , she again attended the said court , and continued to attend it in her own person , until the end of the suit . `` That in the course of the proceedings in the said cause , your petitioner was , by a sentence in writing , enjoined penance , and condemned in costs , which were afterwards taxed at the sum of 12l . 7s . 11d . And in a subsequent stage of the proceedings , your petitioner was publicly denounced , and declared excommunicate , in the parish church of St. Mary Redeliff , for not performing her penance , and not paying the said costs ; although your petitioner was never admonished to extract a schedule of the said penance out of the registry of the said court , and perform the same according to the tenor and purport thereof ; and was totally ignorant of the time