renewal of three , and three only out of the long list , which their committees had declared to be useless and burdensome to the country . It was the bounden duty of the House then to have pronounced upon the whole class , and 'not partially ; they ought to have enumerated the sinecures to be abolished , and so put it out of the power of any ministers whatsoever to do that which had been left to their discretion . For these reasons he could not consent to throw the odium on the shoulders of the Regent and his ministers , by singling out a comparatively insignificant place from a long list of enormous sinecures , upon which the House had not so much as expressed an opinion , notwithstanding the numerous reports of its committees . He should therefore quit the House without voting , in the hope that the question would be brought forward in an unobjectionable form . rose , pursuant to notice , to move for certain Papers relating to a Member of that House , which were necessary for him to ground the case on , which it was his intention to bring forward , and that complaint which he meant to prefer In the first place he would move for `` A Copy of the Record of the Conviction of Mr. Benjamin Walsh , at the Old Bailey , for Felony . '' He would then move an humble Address to the Prince Regent , praying that he would be graciously pleased to cause `` A Copy of the Pardon which had been granted to Mr. Walsh , together with a copy of the Judges ' Letter , in consequence of which the pardon was granted , to be laid before that House . '' Here he thought it became him to say , that the Pardon granted could not have been granted to Mr. Walsh , but as it might have been granted to any other individual . Whether Mr. Walsh had been the highest or the lowest person in the state , whether he had been a member of that House , or one of the meanest individuals out of doors , he could only have been exempted from 934 punishment by a free pardon . The next paper he should call for was , the Letter from Mr. Walsh to his brother , dated Dec. 5 , 1811 , and produced at the Old Bailey on his trial , in which he confessed the offence with which he had been charged . He should also move , `` That Mr. Jenkyns ' the solicitor for the trial , be required to attend the House with the Letter which he had just mentioned . '' In addition to motions for those papers , the only proposition which be should at present submit to the House was , `` That Mr. Walsh do attend this House in his place on Thursday next . '' The several Motions were agreed to . The Papers ordered to be produced are as follow : rose to move for leave to bring in a Bill for more effectually preventing the Embezzlement of Securities for money , and other effects , left or deposited for safe custody , or other special purpose , in the hands of bankers , merchants , agents , brokers , attornies , or others . Without referring to a late case which had made much noise in the country , it was well known , that a number of instances had occurred within these few years , of violations of trust , for which there was no existing punishment ; and it became therefore necessary for the legislature to interfere , that the subject might have that security for his property to which he was entitled . The Bill now proposed to be brought in could hardly be said to be an addition to the criminal code of the country ; it was more properly an extension of an act already in existence , by which it was made felony for servants or clerks to embezzle or misapply the property of