3,500,000l . annually to the country , increase the agriculture of the kingdom , and , by extending the fisheries , employ a hundred thousand persons in that way , which , more than any other , was calculated to uphold the naval greatness of the empire . participated in the great satisfaction expressed by the right hon . gentleman , at the flourishing increase of 180 the population ; and had derived much pleasure from the sensible and important observations he had made on the subject of provisions ; a subject which the House should always keep in view , but particularly at the present moment , when the country was threatened with a scarcity . He was not , however , prepared to agree with the right hon . gentleman to the full extent of his statement . With respect to the great and progressive increase of population , since the Census of 1801 , there certainly was an apparent increase ; but whether , upon inquiry , a real increase could be substantiated , was another matter . The point on which his doubt arose had been touched upon by the right hon . gentleman . In 1801 , under the then Population Act , a Census had been taken . Being a novel measure , and its machinery for the first time set at work , and , indeed , in part only created , its results could not be supposed to possess all that accuracy which was manifested on the present occasion , after the experiment had been once made . Even if the same persons were employed on each Census , it was apparent , that , having had the experience of the first , they would be more capable of a correct discharge of their duties , than when they originally undertook the task . There were other reasons , too , which operated against the correctness of the Census of 1801 . When the measure was first proposed , it had to struggle with the prejudices of the people . That they were wrong he admitted ; but their existence was known to every man in the country . Many persons had imbibed superstitious ideas on the subject . They conceived there was an ominous fatality , something extremely unlucky , in numbering the people ; and they quoted certain passages from the Old Testament , in support of their opinion . Those prejudices were now dope away . ; and that circumstance , added to the , increased experience of the persons to whom the operation of the present Act was entrusted , must have had , the effect of producing a result nearer the truth , than could be procured under all the difficulties , arising from , the novelty of the measure , the prejudices of the people , and the inexperience of those who were engaged in making the Census in 1801 The question , then , was , whether the error was one of increase or of diminution ? From the probable causes of error which he had assigned , particularly the prejudice 181 against the Bill , he thought it was fair to infer , that the Census of 1801 made the population less than it really was ; to what extent he would not pretend to say . But , as the present Census was , no doubt , more accurate , those were included in it , who were not enrolled in the former , and thus an apparent increase , to a certain extent , was produced . Indeed , looking to the state of war in which the country had been so long engaged , the number of emigrations , and various other circumstances , he could not comprehend how the population could have increased in such a surprising manner ; for , contrasted with the neighbouring countries , the population of Great Britain made a progress comparatively slow , But the important question was , taking for granted the alledged increase of population , whether the advantages derivable from it were so great as the right hon . gentleman seemed to