thereon inserted , through their being read by the Speaker . He was not a little embarrassed how to act . It appeared that till Saturday last Mr. Walsh had called in no medical attendance . On Friday last he had been served with an order front the House to at- 1090 tend in his place on Monday . He had previously been ordered to attend on Thursday , but it was not till Saturday , after hearing that it would not be regular to read the letters he had sent to the Speaker , as no incapacity to attend from bodily indisposition , was there set forth , that he called in a medical gentleman . Till then it should appear that it had never entered his mind , to make indisposition a plea for his non-attendance . It appeared he was only-anxious to get his letters read , that they might be placed on the Journals , and therefore to their being read , he for one should object . To do so would , he thought , under such circumstances , be inconsistent with the order they had made , and with the regular course of their proceedings . It remained for the House to consider what should be done . He was ready to proceed with the motion of which he had given notice , if it met the approbation of the House ; but if it was thought that there would be any hardship in deciding on the case of a member who was absent , and who might yet come down to the House and reply to the charge made against him he would be the last man to oppose its being postponed . He , however , could not but suppose from the communications which he had made to the Speaker , that Mr. Walsh had no intention of appearing to the charge . Whatever might be urged in defence , or rather in palliation of what he had done , the fact of his having committed the offence with which he was charged , was admitted under his own band , and therefore could not be shaken . This being the state of the case , he did not know that it would be improper to proceed . He wished to pause to hear the sentiments of some other member , and to have time to consider what step it might be best to take . He did not wish to do any thing that might make the case of Mr. Walsh a case of hardship : but as he thought the infamous conduct of one member , in some sort , threw a disgrace on the whole body , it appeared necessary to lose as little time as might be in proceeding against a person in the situation of Mr. Walsh . On this ground he had taken up the subject , and on this ground it was his determination to pursue it . He wished to hear the sentiments of other gentlemen , but for himself he thought the letters of Mr. Walsh ought not to be put on the Journals , and that it was desirable to avoid delay in the case of a member against whom so serious a charge was to be made . was of opinion , that from the representation which had been made before them of the state of Mr. Walsh , whatever they might suppose to be his intention , whether they supposed he would , or would not appear , a case was made out which ought to stop their proceedings for the present . From the evidence given before them by the gentleman they had examined at their bar , it appeared that in a fortnight Mr. Walsh might attend in his place . He thought that the House was placed in that situation that they could not proceed immediately . When a member was ordered to attend in his place , and was unable to do so from ill health , they ought not to decide on his case till he was able to come down to the House .