written in blood ? Experience had proved the reverse to be the fact . defended ministers against the aspersions of the two last speakers . He was afraid that there was something of the spirit of party in the opposition made to the Bill . He did not profess to be the defender of ministers , except as far as truth and justice bound him ; but if a charge should be brought against them on the head of supineness , in not using the means which they possessed 10 put down the disturbances , he was ready on that score to meet any hon . gentleman opposite . As to the crying , puling maxims so much insisted upon , and the noise made about humanity , and he knew not what , he asked , were not the sufferers by these outrages sufficient objects for that humanity ? He wished not to be considered as agreeing by any means to the new doctrines on criminal law , which tended to cast reproach on the wisdom or humanity of our ancestors . The law proposed , appeared to him to be dictated by humanity ; it was not like the laws of Draco to be written in blood . The dread of capital punishment might prevent the repetition of the offence , and if ( as had been said would be the case , ) no convictions should take place on it , no blood would be shed in . consequence of it . The conduct of ministers he thought had been perfectly correct , as they had done all in their power to put a stop to the evil by the means of the common law of the country . , notwithstanding what had fallen from the last speaker , was still of opinion , that ministers had mean which were not used promptly or beneficially in quelling the riots . As to the argument deduced from the terror expected to be produced by the punishment of death , he had one curious fact to state to the House , by which they might judge what effect it would have . In the county of Cumberland , it was made a capital offence to steal lead , and what was the consequence ? Why , that no conviction ever took place under that law , because witnesses were shocked at the disproportion between the crime and the punishment , and would not come forward . He was sorry to hear hon . gentlemen say , that no hope ought to be held out to the country of escape from the pressure under which it at present laboured . He believed that there existed other causes of these disturbances , besides the measures of the emperor of France ; and those were the measures of his Majesty 's ministers . He saw in their mistaken policy grounds enough for the decay of trade ; and he was of opinion , that there were measures of moderation and wisdom , by the adoption of which the country might escape from its present embarrassments . Measures of moderation and wisdom were not , however , to be expected from his Majesty 's present ministers . He attributed the decay of trade , and the consequent ruin of the country , to the mistaken policy of ministers . The sufferings of the people were great . They were great in many parts of the county with which he was personally acquainted ; but their forbearance was also great . He should vote against the bill , because he did not think it would effect what it pretended to . begged leave to adopt the sentiments of the hon . gentleman who spoke first ( Mr . Lamb . ) He particularly selected that hon . gentleman 's speech , not only for its eloquence , but because all the other speakers for the Bill were opposers of the measures of an hon . and learned gentleman ( sir S. Romilly ) relative to the Criminal Laws , which measures Mr. C. was inclined to favour . But he thought the present an