, and not of the board , that the poor widows had been deprived of their asylum , for during the proceedings in Chancery , the board had allowed the building of the asylum to go on , and had permitted 400l . to be paid to the Roman Catholic bishops for a private charity mentioned in the will . There was another piece of information which he could give the right hon . baronet , and which he was sure he would receive with great pleasure , which was , that the board never sat without a judge and a bishop being present ; therefore , it could not be wholly under the influence of Dr. Duigenan ; nor while any respect remained attached to the sacred character of a bishop , or the exalted station of a judge , could it be believed that any board , at which a bishop and a judge were constantly present , would act in the manner stated by the right hon . baronet.—The Resolution was agreed to . paid a tribute of applause to the manner in which this Association was conducted : its attention was directed to the distribution of prayer-books and bibles , to enlighten the lower orders , and not to the searching after , and punishment of , petty insignificant crimes . next proposed the grant of 8,973l . for the support of the Catholic College , at Maynooth . observed , that though this grant had been so often brought under the consideration of parliament , be felt himself bound again to bring it under their attention . He would contend , that it was more than ever incumbent on the House to make some addition to the grant now proposed . His reasons were , that the population of Ireland , of which the Catholics formed so large a part , was annually increasing ; and , therefore , the demand for religious instruction must increase in proportion . Considering the influence which the Catholic clergy deservedly possessed , it was desirable at all times , that their education should be conducted at home , rather than abroad ; but there was no other provision for that education , except what was 1227 furnished by this college , at Maynooth ; and he would put it to the committee , whether it was calculated on its present scale to supply the religious instruction of the Catholics in Ireland . The present grant was sufficient for the education of only 200 students , whose course of instruction required five years each on an average . The college , therefore , was calculated to furnish only about 40 persons annually for the service of religion . Now , the Catholic clergy in Ireland were about 2,000 in number ; and , from the calculations of Dr. Price , on the subject of the Benefit Society of the Clergy of the Church of Scotland , it might be fairly estimated , that a yearly supply of fifty-nine persons was requisite for keeping up the numbers of the Catholic priesthood in Ireland , instead of the forty which this college could send out . The question was not , whether the Catholics should become Protestants ; for any abridgment of the numbers of their clergy never would have that effect ; but the question was , whether the Catholics should remain unrestricted in religion at alt or not , and , besides , become irritated against that legislature which refined them the means of religious consolation . This was the plain state of the case ; and he could see no reason why the grant should not now revert to the 13,000l . in year , which was voted some years ago : an increase rendered still more expedient by the enhanced price of provisions , which had that night been stated as the reason for increasing another grant . He would only add , that there was no priesthood in Europe which paid more exemplary attention both to the temporal and spiritual interests of their flocks than the Catholic clergy of Ireland : they necessarily , and he