the population of the empire , under colour of pure zeal for the Protestant establishment . In real affection and veneration for that establishment he yielded to none of those , whose zeal has been so conspicuous . The Protestant establishment in Church and State , was , indeed , the great security of all our public happiness and welfare . Whatever protection of person or property , was enjoyed by any class of subjects , by any sect of religion , whatever civil or religious liberty existed among us , originated from the Protestant establishment , was guarded and preserved by it , would flourish with its prosperity , and decline with its decay . All sects , all parties , civil and religious , are concerned in the preservation of this great bulwark of the community . It is the safeguard of the subject , as well as of the crown ; connecting the purity and moderation of our reformed church with the regulated freedom of the people , and with the temperate spirit of our limited monarchy . To this refuge all have resorted , in the dreadful visitations of confusion , by which the order and liberty of this country have been so often disturbed ; and under this hallowed altar all sects have found shelter from despotism or licentiousness : `` Huc tandem concede—Hæc Ara tuebitur Omnes , `` Aut moriere simul . `` — If it could be credited , that the Roman Catholics of Ireland had conceived the frantic imagination of subverting the fair fabric of the Protestant constitution of the realm , and of erecting a papist state , ( of whatever form ) on the ruins of our laws , liberties , and religion , this argument would assume a very different aspect ; the point at issue would then be , not what their lordships should concede , but to what extremity the indignant power of the government should be urged against a conspiracy of such unexampled atrocity . But 448 even the imprudent management of the Roman Catholic cause in Ireland , ( however reprehensible ) discloses a spirit utterly incompatible with such a suspicion . It is evident , that the ambition , the desire of gain , the restless solicitations of the Roman Catholics , are all directed to advancement under the Protestant constitution . They are jealous , not of our establishment , but of their exclusion from its benefits ; they desire not to destroy it , but to enjoy its advantages ; they are aware , that its destruction would expose them to evils , of far greater magnitude than those which they now endure . But they behold many benefits abundantly showered upon others , and forbidden to them ; and they complain not of the existence , but of the partiality , of our happy constitution . If this view of the temper of the Roman Catholics was erroneous , lord Wellesley admitted that much of his reasoning was incorrect . But if he had truly described the sentiments of the great body of the Roman Catholics of Ireland , fairly stated their interests , and justly urged their claims , let them come forth , and vindicate themselves against their own leaders , who had tainted the purity of this great cause with faction , turbulence , and disorder . An interval might now be expected of comparative tranquillity ; let the Roman Catholics of Ireland employ that interval , not in devising new means of violating or evading the laws , or of insulting and vexing the legal government ; not in fortifying their claims with new armaments of right , or menaces of force ; but in composing and allaying the ferment so unpropitious to the favourable settlement of this question . Instead of accumulating causes of irritation , let them endeavour to mitigate prejudices and jealousies , which have been exasperated by the recent indiscretion of their own management . Let them manifest a sincere desire to furnish to their Protestant brethren every reasonable pledge of attachment to the established constitution , and every practicable security for its