the reasonable expectations of that most useful corps . If not , he should , on a future day , submit a motion on the subject to the House . replied , that as he should have another and a better opportunity of entering into the subject , he did not now think it necessary to give any direct answer . said , that in rising to move for a Committee to examine into the State of the Nightly Watch of the Metropolis , he did not feel it necessary to enter at any great length into the reasons by which he was induced to bring forward such a motion . At the same time , he felt himself justified in stating , that if the expediency of the measure rested upon the late horrible murders alone , by which two whole families had been completely exterminated , the atrocity of those crimes would in themselves have afforded a sufficient ground . It was true that no system of police could prevent the commission of such murders , while there were persons vile and abandoned enough to commit them , under such circumstances of dextrous depravity ; but as a better regulation of the Nightly Watch must have a tendency to diminish the chances , it was right that it should be resorted to . Those gentlemen who had seen other countries , and attended to their internal situation and government , must know that even in places where the peace was committed to the care of an armed police , a police furnished with all those powers , with which under a despotism it was possible to furnish it , without , any regard to the prejudices of the people ; they must know , that even in such places and under such regulations , atrocities such as those were committed almost nightly , without exciting any of those deep impressions under which the mind of this country at present suffered ; and it might be regarded as a proof , that few acts of the kind were committed here , when they looked to the consternation excited in the present instance . It certainly was true , that for the last three or four months , offences , though Hot altogether of so horrid a description , were multiplied beyond the experience of former years ; and though many accounts had 197 got into the public prints which were true , many also that had appeared were exaggerated , and many utterly falser He knew not whether the gentlemen around him were acquainted with the law by which the Nightly Watch was regulated . In former times each parish provided for itself , and it was not until the year 1774 , that parliament had interfered , and passed an act which applied only to fifteen of the most populous parishes . By that act , directors and trustees were appointed , under whose controul , the watch , the patrole and the beadles , were all placed , and who were entrusted also with the power of assessing the rates upon each parish : It was no wonder that this act should be found insufficient at the present day , when they considered the enormous increase of the metropolis . He should not trouble the House by attempting to enumerate the various instances in which the provisions of this act were evaded and neglected : it would be sufficient to mention one . The act required that the trustees should appoint none but `` able bodied men '' to guard the streets at night , and he would leave to their own observation to decide how far this was complied with . He had been credibly informed that there were many instances in which those who were too old to earn their bread , were appointed to the situations of watchmen , in order to prevent their becoming a burden to the parish . These certainly were not the men to secure the lives and properties of the inhabitants of this vast metropolis . And if the House agreed with him in the appointment of the Committee