hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , by an act of power , might in that House insist that the 4th article should likewise be repealed , and that Ireland should no longer be represented by 4 spiritual and 28 temporal lords , and 100 commoners . He might abridge the number to 50 , or entirely exclude the natives of the sister kingdom from any share in the legislative branches of the constitution . He was , it was true , putting a strong case , but it was only by strong cases that he could hope to make any impression on the right hon . gentleman . Supposing the distillers of Ireland had assented to this measure , was that any reason why he should concur in an act which struck at the very root of the languishing manufactures , agriculture , and revenue of Ireland ? Surely not : he was bound still to discharge his duty , although such an idea might call forth a smile from the opposite benches . This blow , too , was so unexpected . What , was the arm raised by the right hon . gentleman opposite ? Would Ireland believe that the Chancellor of the Exchequer , her tried friend , her zealous advocate , her strenuous supporter , that he who had uniformly during his whole political career behaved with a liberality towards her which was the universal admiration of her inhabitants , was the man who was making this attack ? With what anguish would they find those hopes they had `` too fondly nursed too rudely crossed ! '' He entreated the right hon . gentleman to reflect before he took a step which would for ever destroy that glorious character for liberality , wisdom , and integrity that he had obtained in Ireland . He trusted that to-night he would disclaim the base design , and vindicate his hitherto irreproachable conduct . observed , that if during the course of the hon . member 's speech , he had shewn , by his countenance , any symptom of dissatisfaction , it was a true picture of his mind , for he had little expected , that a question like that now under discussion would have been treated in the temper and spirit just exhibited . If , indeed , the support of the representatives ; of Ireland were desired , it would be fit that a conduct diametrically opposite should be pursued . Surely , the hon . member himself must be aware of the absurdity of arguing on questions of commercial policy now , by reference to periods when both nations were actuated by mutual jealousies ; then , indeed , might deficient representation perhaps have been fairly , complained of ; but now it must be admitted , by all honest and unprejudiced men , that the united parliament no less consulted the interests and happiness of Ireland than it did those of Great Britain . He was as deeply concerned in the welfare of his native country as any man , and would do all in his power to promote it ; and if he were asked , whether all the inhabitants of that country would be satisfied with the clause in question , he did not mean to assert that they would . ( Hear , hear ! ) He trusted he should receive the same cheer , while he asserted that in general , nay , almost universally , those interested either in the manufactures , the agriculture , or the revenues of Ireland considered this bill a most important benefit . ( Hear , hear ! ) What were the objections ? Not that the measure was inexpedient in the present exigency ( for that , not even the hon . member himself had ventured to maintain ) but that it was some supposed violation of the act of union . As the representative of the principal distillers of the sister kingdom , he appealed to the hon . gentleman whether he would wish that the provisions of the whole bill should be extended to Ireland ? The