non-commissioned officers and soldiers of the British and Portuguese forces employed in the glorious assault of Ciudad Rodrigo upon-the evening of the 19th of January last . 6 . That this House doth highly acknow- 713 ledge and approve of the good conduct , spirit of enterprize , patience and perseverance manifested by the other general officers , officers , non-commissioned officers , and soldiers belonging to the British and Portuguese forces which served under the command of general lord viscount Wellington in the recent siege of Ciudad Rodrigo . '' Ordered , That Mr. Speaker do signify the said Resolutions to general lord viscount Wellington ; and that lord viscount Wellington be desired to signify the same to the generals commanding the allied armies at the late siege and capture of Ciudad Rodrigo . Resolved , nan . con . That an humble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , That he will be graciously pleased to give directions , that a monument be erected in the Cathedral Church of St. Paul London , to the memory of major-general Henry Mackinnon , who fell gloriously on the 19th of January last in the assault of Ciudad Rodrigo , by which that fortress was wrested from the possession of the enemy ; and to assure his Royal Highness that this House will make good the expence attending the same . rose to make his promised motion on this subject . It was , he said , a principle not to be departed from , that all applications to parliament for an increase of the Civil List , should be appeals to the justice rather than to the generosity of the House . The civil list was intended to meet the expences incident to the support of the dignity , power , and splendour of the royal establishment . It was independent of parliament on the one band , and calculated on the other to preserve the people from additional burthens . When once limited by parliament , it was the duty of those who superintended and controled its expenditure , to square their measures with the allowance given , and it was not for parliament to keep pace with their extravagance . He was aware that circumstances might arise to render augmentation necessary , but in that case it was the duty of the House to examine whether that arose from a proper expenditure or from mere idle extravagance . They ought to see that a real necessity existed , and not grant additions , which were made necessary by waste . It was under these 714 feelings the House had acted in 1802 , when Mr. Addington wished to augment the civil list . He had moved for the appointment of a committee , which sat and made several reports , in some branches recommending further payments , in others retrenchment . According to these reports , the civil list was augmented in the sum of 60,000l and further by the taking away charges formerly bearing upon it , to the amount of 138,000l . more . The House had also in the late bills , but without inquiry or investigation , added 130,000l . to the civil list . It was his intention to call the attention of the House to these circumstances , and to shew how far the expences of this list bad exceeded the estimates since 1804 . His purpose was to shew that the funds were not managed with proper economy . The civil list revenue was divided into nine classes . The first , consisting of salaries to the royal family , was liable to no variation , except from the increase or decrease of their number , and it had accordingly diminished in amount , owing to the late death of one of the princesses . The second class was of a similar description , containing the salaries to the Lord Chancellor , the Speaker of the House of Commons , and the Judges , and consequently susceptible of no variation . The third class was salaries to ministers at foreign courts . This head , in 1804