bar , their increasing influence of every description , 444 while they shall remain an alienated and distinct community , must be formidable to the establishment , which perseveres in rejecting their solicitations for admission into its bosom . Their compacted strength must be directed against the Protestant establishment , until a better policy shall incorporate the Roman Catholic interests with the Protestant power , by removing the odious obstacles which now preclude the Roman Catholics from pursuing those objects of ambition and interest , which are open to other subjects of the crown . The noble marquis insisted that the removal of the restraints of which the Roman Catholics of Ireland complained , could not be dangerous to the Protestant establishment in Ireland . He asserted , that this liberal and salutary measure was indispensably necessary for the security of the Protestant establishment in Ireland , which could never be safe while such a force of discontent was arrayed against it ; that force would be disarmed most effectually , by abolishing the causes of dissatisfaction , and the barriers of exclusion . It had been suggested , that no hope could be entertained of appeasing the Roman Catholics of Ireland ; that their demands had increased with the concessions already made to them ; and that their ambition , lust of power , of emolument , and dominion , were inordinate , boundless , and insatiable . What was the proof ? They had been admitted to the right of property , and to the elective franchise , and they were so insatiate as to aspire to the capacity of representing in parliament the property which they possessed . They had been admitted to the bar , and they wished to serve the crown ; to be of the King 's counsel ; to become judges and chancellors ; —and these extravagant desires were deemed certain proofs of hostility against the state . Because they wished to serve the crown , they must intend to destroy it : they could not desire to reach the seals , for any other purpose than to overthrow the throne . They were permitted to hold commissions in the army ; they had served with valour , and glory ; shed their blood in the cause of their king and country ; beheld the inspiring example of their own native countrymen , leading British armies against the common enemy , and arresting the progress of France in the full career of her fury ; and they were infected with the criminal ambition of desiring to emu- 445 late the illustrious sons of Ireland , under whom they had fought , and bled , and conquered ; of hoping , ultimately , to direct the armies in which they had so gloriously served ; and to devote to their country , in the command of her troops , those attainments , which they had laboriously acquired in the subaltern branches of her service . Were these unreasonable or inordinate desires ? Was this criminal ambition ? These wishes were the most substantial proofs that the Roman Catholics entertained a true estimate of the value of the concessions which had already been made to them , and a just sense of the constitutional use of those advantages . Was it to be argued , that because the Roman Catholics were sensible to the same emotions of honourable ambition , and public glory , which similar causes , and similar situations , had raised in all other breasts , they must have conspired the usurpation of the government of their country . The legislature itself had excited these sentiments ; they were the natural fruits of former concessions.—Because the legislature had halted in its course , and had not pursued with steadiness the progressive policy of generosity to the Catholics , in which it had advanced so far , was it just to reprove them for the necessary effect of a powerful cause , which they had not originated , and which they could , not controul ? , therefore , could not censure the solicitude of the Roman Catholics to obtain those additional advantages