, unfit that they should he appointed to enquire into the causes which retarded the decisions of Suits in that Court . The Master of the Rolls , who had been a member of the committee 964 appointed in the last session , had desired that he might not be again placed in that situation , there being in his opinion , an impropriety in a judge of the court sitting upon a committee to inquire into that which might possibly implicate himself . The objection was a very just one in point of principle , though there was no person at all acquainted with the court , who did not know that whatever causes might be suggested as having produced these delays , any thing personal to the Master of the Rolls , could not possibly be found amongst them . The same , objections applied with equal force to the Masters in Chancery . In his opinion , the Committee would ill discharge their duty , if amongst other objects of their enquiry , they did not endeavour to ascertain the , cause of Suits remaining so many years depending in the Masters ' Offices . He believed that the Masters were not at all to blame , and that they gave all the attendance in their offices that was necessary to do the business which was brought before them . He thought it probable that the defect was in the modes of proceeding which were adopted according to the perverse constitution of the court . This , however , was a matter to be ascertained , and , however improbable , it might possibly happen that in the course of the enquiry abuses in the Masters ' offices might be stated . If that were the case , it would be extremely unpleasant and invidious for the Masters who were on the committee to be inquiring into abuses represented to be existing in the offices of their colleagues , and if any should , by chance , be said to exist in their own offices , it would be a very strange situation , that solicitors or other witnesses would be placed in , who would be called upon to give evidence before the committee , against the members of the committee , and a still stranger situation in which the Masters would be placed , whose duty it might be to report against themselves . observed , that as the present Bill contained some enactments of a novel nature , it was necessary he should state to the House some of those grounds upon which he thought that it ought to pass into a law . The transactions which had taken place , and were still going on in the county of Nottingham , were pretty well known to most of their lordships , and he rose to state that no exertions were wanting on the part of government to remedy the evil and ensure the return of tranquillity and order under the existing laws ' ; and this he believed was the conviction of those most conversant on the subject , and who had opportunities of local information . It had at length , however , become necessary to recur to , and express the determination of parliament on the subject . The Bill in question was divided into two parts ; which most undoubtedly in some respects proceeded on , different grounds . The second part was introduced with a view to the detection of the offenders , which was the principal object . It went to compel individuals in whose houses frames should be broken , to give information thereof to the magistrates , and the provisions of this part of the Bill were calculated as much as possible to insure detection ; and it was deemed necessary to render the offences provided against by the Bill capital . He was aware there existed more difference of opinion on this than on any other point : he knew it would be urged , that such an enactment would only tend to render detection more difficult , and the chance of conviction more uncertain