was not his wish to dilate at present upon the services of the earl of Wellington . He had , on other occasions , had opportunities of dwelling upon his merits , and endeavouring , as far as in him lay , to impress others with that deep sense of them which he himself entertained . To enter now at any length upon that subject , would only be an unnecessary waste of their lordships ' time . The actions of the earl of Wellington spoke his praises with eloquence far more impressive than any words he could use ; but there were two or three considerations connected with the subject which he found it impossible to pass over in silence . The first was , that this honour had been conferred , and the provision to support it recommended , without the knowledge of the noble earl , or any communication with him ( Hear , hear , from marquis Wellesley . ) The second consideration was , that when the . Prince Regent of Portugal conferred upon the earl of Wellington the highest honour which the crown of Portugal could bestow , he proposed to accompany this honour with a pension of 20,000 crowns . Their lordships would recollect what the state of that country was at the time , —impoverished and exhausted by the inroads and wanton excesses of the enemy , and the exertions necessary to be made for repelling the invaders . Their lordships would remember , that the inhabitants of Portugal had been compelled to appeal to the parliament of this country , to enable them to re-establish their domestic affairs , and to provide the means of existence . Under these circumstances , the earl of Wellington was aware , that all the resources of Portugal were pressingly required for its own internal purposes , and therefore did not think proper to avail himself of the provision made for him by the Prince Regent of that country . He received the honour conferred upon him as a mark of the approbation with which the Portuguese government regarded his conduct ; but refused the emolument with which it was intended toe they would not fail of accompany it , because he thought it would be pressing too severely upon the country in its then exhausted condition . The third of those considerations to which he alluded was , that when the earl of Wellington was made captain 857 general of Spain , he accepted the honour , but refused the pay usually attached to the situation . These things he thought it right to mention , and was sure they would not fail of their due effect upon the minds of their lordships . But this was not all : he had farther to remind them that the earl of Wellington held a charge hardly ever committed to a British subject before—a charge supported upon a scale of expence , of which their lordships could scarcely form an adequate conception . This expence , however , he had borne out of his own private fortune , though in circumstances but moderate enough for supporting the rank of a gentleman ; that fortune , too , chiefly formed of the honest earnings of severe and distinguished service . This he had stated not from any communication with the noble lord , but from his own knowledge . The grant now proposed , therefore , was equally due , whether regarded as the reward of splendid exertions in the service of his country , or as the means of defraying the expences to which the situation which he held for the benefit of the public necessarily exposed him . In one sense , indeed , it was a debt of honour ; in another , it was no less a debt of justice.—He need not , he trusted , occupy their lordships ' lime any longer . Here , he presumed , there could be no difference of opinion . He wished to avoid every topic that could possibly lead to opposition . Let the earl of Wellington 's claims rest upon their own merits ,