, of course , put the Prince back into his former rank and situation : or , supposing another case , however much to be deplored , —his Majesty 's dissolution , then the income of the Prince of Wales would merge in that of the crown . The Prince might do all in his power to save his creditors harmless ; but , he contended , that there was no security given by parliament for accomplishing this object . There was another event which should be taken into their consideration , and that was , the possibility of the death of the Prince of Wales himself . Then there would be a total end to all security . But would it not be a much preferable mode of proceeding , for the public to take upon itself all the debt , extinguishing all question of the arrears of the duchy of Cornwall ? Could it be said to be fitting , that , under all the present circumstances , there should be precarious debentures existing for the Prince 's obligations ? —that in what was called the Foreign Loan for instance , the Prince of Hesse , in his present condition , should feel himself without any security from the British nation ? Let parliament take the debts and the fund together for the public , and they would find it to redound much more to the honour of the Prince and the credit of parliament , and contribute more to the character and satisfaction of the country . complained of the perfectly gratuitous allusion which the right hon . gentleman had made to the acceptance by his noble relation of the office of 398 Postmaster General ; an office which had always been held by an individual of his noble relation 's rank . disclaimed the least intention of saying any thing disrespectful to the noble earl . The higher the noble earl 's character , the stronger was his argument , which tended to remind his hon . friend in the midst of his general principles , that there were cases in which men of the best character did accept situations such as those his hon . friend exclaimed against . As to gratuitous allusions , it ought to be recollected that he must naturally have felt a little hurt at the gratuitous allusion which had been made by his hon . friend to colonel . M'Mahon . The report was then brought up and agreed to . The House then went into the Committee on the Household Officers ' Bill . After a number of clauses had been read and agreed to , was desirous of saying a few words on the subject of the marshalmen , yeomen , and porters of the Household , in which he thought all must agree . The marshal men , he understood , paid 7 or 800 guineas for their places to the Knight Marshal , for which they received a sort of nominal salary of about 20l . a year , which was subject to a reduction of five or six pounds . On their deaths , their situations were again sold by the Knight Marshal , and he supposed that it was from such sources that the Knight Marshal himself was paid . If a marshalman was permitted to transfer his situation to another , it was generally at the price of about 126l . ; but if he was an invalid , he was treated only as a sort of annuitant , and not permitted to transfer . He meant no kind of reflection in what he said upon the Knight Marshal ; perhaps some of the money went to the Lord Steward ; but he could not tell . Porter 's places went at about 100l . and under them were the groom porters . The duties , however , were performed by a set of paid under porters . He complained of the practice of such persons requiring ; money in the shape of fees , which in the opinion of some lawyers might subject them to the Vagrant act . Those who lived