not the minister at once come down , and ask from the House , he would not say a lavish grant , but such a sum as they ought to grant ? Was it the way that the Civil List ought to be provided for at the commencement of a reign , to tell the House that the excedent of 124,000l . was to be paid out of the Droits of Admiralty and Scotch Revenue ? Every thing on this business was left unexplained , and the House was left completely involved in doubts and perplexities . Throughout the whole Bill , there was an apparent distrust of his royal highness , while every thing was calculated to appear like very great kindness to him . In place of the 100,000l . taken from the Civil List , 70,000l . was to be given him , for which he was to be under no controul , But this was one side of the picture only , and it was proper also to look at the other . Here , then , was a settled distrust manifested respecting the 342 intention of his royal highness ; he was considered by them as incapable , and unfit to be trusted with the management of his ; father 's servants ; the father was placed under the controul , not of his son , but of others . The distrust entertained of the Prince Regent was the real reason for all this conduct . Was there any person , he would ask , averse to the entrusting the care of his Majesty 's person to the Queen ? But he could not see how , admitting that his Majesty should really want those lords of the bed-chamber and equerries now to be allowed him , there was any difficulty in supposing that her Majesty would desire some of her own retinue should be delegated to attend upon him . Did they suppose that the . Prince Regent would turn off his Majesty 's old servants ? The whole Civil List had last year been granted for his Majesty ; and he would ask , what proportion of all the numerous retinue had ever attended upon his Majesty ? It would appear that in April only one lord of the bed-chamber and one equerry had really waited upon him ; but since July this had been altogether discontinued . What was all this for , then , he would ask , if there was not a distrust of the Prince ? Why was the Queen to be placed at the head of a separate Court ? ( hear , hear ! ) He meant nothing here , but that she was to have the separate and uncontroulable power not controulable even by the Treasury , of the 110,000l . augmented by that part of the privy purse which was also at her disposal . Her Majesty was to have no fewer than 21 servants at her disposal for the support of the dignity and splendour of the King ! Her Majesty had also an establishment of her own as Queen Consort , and this was a necessary part of the Civil List , and composed part of the splendour of the throne ; but now all this was to be withdrawn from it . And was this not a new court , if a sum of 220,000l . was to be voted to her Majesty , with a Master of Horse , and the other officers which went in the train of a court ? If all that did not constitute a separate court , he really did not know what a separate court meant . He did not mean to say that her Majesty would differ with the Prince Regent , but he would say , then , that if they pulled together , there would be an increased influence , which it was proper also not to lose sight of . His royal highness would have occasion to supply , for his own establishment , all the servants taken away from him to the other , and this would necessarily 343 occasion