which had been paid from the droits—the very first item of this gross misapplication , at which all England must be astonished , was done by authority of those most unexceptionable , by those most constitutional politicians , Mr. Fox and lord Grenville ! He was not objecting to the appropriation , nor did he wish to retaliate any charge upon them , but when it so happened that that administration , of whose principles the hon . and learned gentleman was known to be a professed admirer , was the administration which set 273 the first example of that misapplication , and that such a practice had been countenanced by those unexceptionable characters in his estimation , this was rather a material circumstance against his argument , and was at least entitled to some consideration from him . Really , however , to do the hon . and learned gentleman justice , he did not believe that when he made the present motion he was aware of that circumstance . Adverting to what the hon . and learned gentleman had said respecting the motives by which the attack on Copenhagen might possibly have been stimulated , he declared , that every particle of the property taken on that occasion had been granted to the captors . Conceiving that the proposed Resolutions stated that to be law which was not law , and that to be expedient which was not expedient , he should give them his decided opposition . thought the right hon . gentleman , although he had touched on some of the collateral points of the question , bad left out every material consideration . He had urged the inconsistency of supposing that government would go to war from unjust considerations , merely for the sake of the Droits to the crown . The astonishing fact , however , was well known , that there had been ministers of the country who have actually plunged it into war from such unjust considerations . A great part of the right hon . gentleman 's speech was directed to the qualities and qualifications of the hon . and learned gentleman who brought forward the motion , and to the conduct of a former administration ; but that had nothing to do with the argument . What the liberty of the subject called for , was what they ought to consider . In the present day , parliament was really so ornamented with gentlemen of the learned profession , that arguments were now listened to , that would at a period which was not beyond his experience have been rather coldly received in that House . It was in the nature of man to desire power , and nothing could be more constitutional than to watch with an eye of jealousy over every source of revenue which was not under the controul of parliament . It was a fact , that a king might , as king , be now poor , with his civil list in debt , yet with private property to a very considerable amount . He was glad to find that some doctrines , which had formerly been very coolly maintained in that House , were now relinquished 274 by those who opposed the present question . He remembered to have heard it gravely maintained by a judge advocate , that the Droits of Admiralty were as much the private property of the king as any private gentleman was entitled to his fortune . He really could not see , though the king might have a right to this property àjure coronœ , that he could hold any property on any other tenure than for the benefit of the public . He had no right to put money into his own pocket . It was impossible to say how this money might be disposed of . It had been said , it might be given to minions and mistresses ; but might it not also be given to such persons as members of parliament ? He might first buy all the saleable boroughs , and then procure such a parliament as would willingly sanction the most