as it had been , it would threaten serious danger to the state . The present situation of the scene of those illegal proceedings , was exactly such as came within the definition of the best ancient lawyers , when speaking of a state of things which called for severe punishment . And here he begged leave to read the opinion of sir Matthew Hale on this subject , and the House would be enabled to judge whether it applied to the present circumstances.—That great lawyer observed , `` where offences grow enormous , frequent , and dangerous to a state , where they threaten to become destructive of society , and are likely to produce ruin among the inhabitants of a place , severe punishments , and even death itself , is sometimes necessary , for the safety of the country . '' Now , the disputes which existed in Nottingham , where near 1,000 frames had been broken , and an immense quantity of property had been destroyed , were actually subversive of the public peace , and constituted that state of things which called for legislative interference . He knew it might be alleged against the , proposition , that the difficulty of detection would remain , or perhaps be increased by increasing the severity of the punishment ; but , in his opinion , when a party reflected whether it was worth his while to run the 812 risk of losing his life in gratifying his feelings of hatred or resentment , he would find it a consideration paramount to every other—and would be deterred , by the fear of death , from pursuing such illegal courses , when the dread of transportation would not prevail . He conceived he had stated enough , to support the first measure , and he would therefore proceed to the second . His object , in that Bill , was to enable the lord lieutenant of the county , the sheriff , or five justices , when disturbances existed , to call a meeting , and to give immediate notice , in the newspapers and on the church doors , in the usual manner , that a special meeting would be held , for the purpose of obtaining lists of all the male inhabitants of the county , above the age of 21 , in order to select from them such number of constables as they shall think necessary , and by that means to establish a watch and ward throughout the county , or such districts as might be considered in a turbulent state , and that the magistrates should be empowered to defray the expence . He might be told , that part of this plan was law already : he knew it was ; but it was law which had fallen into disuse ; and a portion of the provisions of the present Bill was introduced for the purpose of acccommodating the old law to the present times . When he stated that he was sanguine in his expectations of the most advantageous results from this mea sure , he must add , that he had received his information from those whose local know ledge and experience were much greater than his , and on whom he placed the utmost confidence . He had only this much more to say , that if the Bill should have the effect of introducing the system of watch and ward , it would be most beneficial in a county situated as Nottingham had been ; and , if it had been resorted to much sooner , would , he felt convinced , have prevented the disturbances from arriving at the height they unfortunately had done . The right hon . Secretary concluded by moving , `` That leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more exemplary punishment of persons destroying or injuring any Stocking or Lace Frames , or other machines or engines used in the Frame-work knitted manufactory , or any articles or goods in such frames or machines : '' , ( member for Nottingham shire ) rose to second the motion . However