by jury , which 22 was here more than ever necessary , was before these fiscal tribunals disallowed by special act of parliament , which even denied to the suitors at those courts the assistance of attorney or counsel . In short , the whole land was in a state of terror . Military possession was taken of the country ; depôts , and barracks , and fortifications , were formed ; and mercenary Germans and foreigners were scattered over the kingdom , as if England could not defend itself , and must have recourse to Germans , who had not been able to defend their own country . The jealousy of our ancestors was such , that a remonstrance was presented to Charles 1 , for having 1,000 foreigners in his pay ; but now , not only was the country overspread with foreigners , but even our own soldiers were compelled to wear the German dress and whiskers ; as if the whiskered face of a German was more formidable to the enemy than the smooth open countenance of au Englishman , though it had been found that the French were never scared by whiskers . But he must say , that the plain red coat excited more respect , and was more associated with our ideas of courage and endurance , than all that military finery and foppery of which the soldiers themselves who were it seemed ashamed . All this evinced such a mass of absurdity and folly , that he was sometimes tempted to acquit ministers of any worse intention , though , perhaps , this was merely thrown out as a blind to more pernicious motives.—Another grievance to which be should call their attention , was the system of military discipline which oppressed the country , and which subjected every soldier for the most trifling misconduct to be corporally punished at the miserable caprice of almost every officer . He was glad to mention this so early in the session ; for the reform of it would doubtless form a very important part of its business . There was some justice in its now coming home , as it were , to the backs of our countrymen ; for , now , by the local militia system , almost every man in England , every father of a family , was subject to this punishment ; so that he had no hesitation in repeating what he had before said in this House , that this was a flogged nation . No exertions of his , the hon . baronet pledged himself , should be wanting to wipe off this stigma from the nation . Some people were pleased to say , that this-was a punishment which could not be entirely dispensed with , and that it was only 23 inflicted in few instances . Let the offences , however , for which it was to be inflicted , be defined , so that it might not be an arbitrary punishment ; or let a substitute , whatever it might be , be found for it : officers were exempt from such a punishment ; and why should the soldier be exposed to it ? This was another complaint , under the head of grievances , to which he wished to call the Prince Regent 's attention.—Amongst other grievances , to which he felt it now to be his duty to call the attention of the House , and of the Prince Regent , was one which operated both in the nature of a tax , and of a grievance and imposition on the liberty of the subject . A power had been lodged of late years in the Attorney General , by which the law of the land was set aside ; and he was invested with an authority of filing criminal informations , as they were technically called . This was a power of a novel and most dangerous kind , one which could not safely be for a moment entrusted to any man . The exercise of such a power could on no principle be reconciled to the idea of law ,