but if I am to be precluded from addressing a few observations to the chair , let the House remember that the right hon . gent. , the Prince Regent 's first minister , has prevented an Irish member— said , he had already stated what was the order of proceeding in that House . , after an experience of 30 years as a member of that House , entirely agreed with the Speaker as to the usage laid down by him . , after a short interval , stated that he rose with the intention of giving notice of a motion on a subject of the very last importance , and he hoped to be indulged with permission to stale , shortly , his reasons for making the motion of which he was now to give notice . again spoke to order . It was an established rule of the House , that no member , in giving notice of a motion for a future day , should be permitted to anticipate the debate of that day , by assigning the reasons by which he was actuated in giving his notice . The propriety of this rule was apparent , because there being no opportunity afforded on the other side of answering the reasons adduced , an undue prejudication of any particular question might thereby be occasioned . He was aware of the force of this objection on the present occasion , and was desirous of guarding the House and the public against any premature impression which the ingenuity and eloquence of the hon . gent . was calculated and likely to produce . held , that it had been the 126 uniform practice of the House to confine members giving notice of a motion , to the precise purport of the motion , and the day on which it was to be brought forward . then gave notice that he should , on the first Tuesday in March , move for the Repeal of the Legislative Union between Great Britain and Ireland . , in rising to make his promised motion for a Vote of Thanks to the right hon . Gilbert lord Minto , governor-general of India , and to the officers who had acted under him , for the late brilliant operations in the Eastern seas , was aware of the difference of opinion which existed as to the degree of merit which entitled any individual to such high honour as that of the Thanks of that House . He was also aware , that such a mark of distinction should not be wantonly lavished ; he knew , at the same time , that the House was ever willing to pay a due tribute of praise to meritorious services . But , in the present instance , he was not apprehensive that a want of sufficient merit could be urged , as an objection to the proposed Vote of Thanks . The House were not called upon to thank the Governor-General of India for a single service , but for a general system of operations , conceived in the most profound wisdom , executed with the most active determination , and attended with the most brilliant exploits . Those exertions had been eminently successful ; and that success had been principally owing to the arrangements made by the noble lord , to whom he then proposed the thanks of the House should be voted . Considering the present system of aggrandisement on the continent of Europe , which France had too successfully practised , it had been thought advisable by the government of this country , to retaliate by attacking the colonial power of the enemy , in every part of the world . For it was obvious , that as long as he could retain a place of rendezvous , or shelter his privateers and fit out expeditions , our trade would be liable to annoyance , far exceeding , in amount , the expences of expeditions intended to deprive him of his last shelter . Under these cir- 127 cumstances , it was thought necessary to make France feel , that the ocean