lord Wellington has performed , because , forsooth ! there is a class of the community whose distresses we pity—whose distresses we would most willingly relieve—but whose distresses , I believe from my soul , would be infinitely aggravated , if , by listening to the suggestions of the hon . baronet we were to consent to degrade the national character , '' —The hon . baronet had next contended , 878 that if this grant were made at all , it ought to be made out of those funds which , according to him , government had abused . Was it so ? Were these funds proper subjects of the jealousy and suspicion of parliament ? Were they lavished on persons without merit or pretensions ? If so , he , for one , would not agree that out of those funds such a man as lord Wellington should be rewarded : he , for one , would not agree that the baseness of the purpose to which ( according to the hon . baronet ) they had hitherto been applied , should be ennobled by such a dignified appropriation of them.—The next subject on which the hon . baronet had indulged the House with his opinion , was the merit of Suchet . The hon . baronet , after having ( let it be observed ) disclaimed any military skill or knowledge , had placed Suchet in a much higher rank as a general than lord Wellington ; and had blazoned out , with great apparent satisfaction , deeds , which , as he said , had extorted the applause and admiration of mankind . In answer to all this , it would be sufficient for him to observe , that Suchet 's military skill was not the subject of the present motion . As he was not yet aware that it was the intention of the hon . baronet to move an amendment to omit the name of Wellington , and insert that of Suchet , he would abstain from further observation on the subject ; assuring the hon . baronet , however , that whenever he chose to bring forward such a proposition , he was prepared to meet him ; and disclaiming all ungenerous solicitude to diminish the deserved reputation even of an enemy.—Generally , however , the hon . baronet characterised the exertions of the noble and gallant earl , as unworthy of the rewards which a grateful country was anxious to bestow upon him ; and he particularly described the immediate achievement in which the present question originated , as unimportant and unavailing . He ( Mr. Canning ) looked upon that great man in a very different light . He considered him as a pre-eminently able and successful commander . Let the committee recollect that lord Wellington was sent out to save Portugal , at a moment when Portugal was in extreme danger , and that at the present moment there was no question with respect to her safety . Let the committee recollect , that when lord Wellington was sent out to endeavour to save Portugal , he was empowered 879 after that first service to extend his exertions to Spain , then in a state approaching to desperation , and that after having performed that first service in Portugal , the noble and gallant lord did extend , and successfully extend , his operations to Spain . To the one country he had given salvation—to the other hope . When such homage had been paid to this distinguished individual by the countries which he had so essentially assisted , was it becoming in his own country to doubt his desert ? For his part , he could not persuade himself that there was a second man in the House of Commons , who , when he saw that the first act of those prerogatives which had lain dormant so long , ( how properly he would not now argue ) was to mark with distinguished honour the individual whom , by a singular and illustrious coincidence , it was the last act of those prerogatives to mark with distinguished honour