namely , to canvass the conduct of the Irish government , and the claims of the Catholics . The first of these he was of opinion could not be entertained without its being shewn that , some offence had been committed ; and with regard to the second he agreed with the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Canning ) that the preferable and most expedient mode of procedure would be , that which the Catholics had chalked out for themselves , a Petition to the crown . With regard to the vote this night , it was impossible to come to it without having reference to what had passed among the Catholics during the last six months . Before the House consented to grant their claims , they ought to see in what manner they were likely to exercise their power when acquired . Then what necessity could be shewn for a meeting to such an extent as the Catholics had projected ? Was their Petition so new a subject as to require such numbers ? Were their grievances so hidden in the earth , or the redress they sought so complicated , as to need such an assemblage of peers and peers ' sons to make them out ? But , said the hon . gentleman , they did this to shew that they spoke the general sense of the Catholic body . Did parliament ever doubt this ? Certainly not . They doubted , to a certain degree , that the number of Catholic soldiers or sailors would be enhanced by the door being opened to a few peers ; but they never could doubt that every Catholic would be ready to sign a Petition claiming political power to that body . Were the House , then , prepared to say , that the Irish government was wrong in resisting this act , and that the Catholics were right in resorting to these illegal means of enforcing their claims ? And this must be the consequence of agreeing to the proposed motion . In his opinion , the greatest friends of the Catholics , even those who thought them entitled to unqualified emancipation , as well as those who thought conditional security necessary , roust vote against the motion . Indeed it was strange that the noble lord should have risked the support of so many of their friends.—The hon . gentleman went on to argue , from lord Grenville 's Letter , that that noble lord and his friends must give it their negative : for that noble lord had insisted on the necessity of maintaining the church inviolable , and had even opposed the presentation of a petition , praying for , the appointment 551 of a Committee , as now proposed , on the ground of the indisposition of government , and of the difficulties arising out of the Veto . Although he would not accuse that noble lord of a pertinacious adherence to his opinions for years , yet he could not believe that twenty months could create such an alteration as to induce him now to vote for such a Committee . What was the real state of the question ? The law laid down certain securities for the Protestant interests , with which the Catholics were dissatisfied , and called for a concession of the whole , accusing the Protestants of throwing trifling obstacles in their way ; while , on their own part , they would not concede even the very little they had in their power . They , on his side , were accused of intolerance ; and when they referred , to shew the contrary , to the concessions made in 1778 , 1782 , and 1793 , the Catholic advocates turned upon them , and said , `` For these very reasons you are bound to grant us more . '' But would they tell them where they were to stop , and not ask to be admitted to power without those oaths which were deemed necessary to bind every other description of the subject ? It was said , you have given them the reality