follow . It was an easy thing to talk and write of putting down America , of inflicting chastisement , & c. as if it was in the power of England to annihilate her : we might talk this well , but we could not put America down . She was there where we had placed her ; it was not in the power of England to annihilate her , and it was therefore the interest of England to be her friend.—He was not certain that the time was not gone by for conciliating America , and had he spoke eight and forty hours sooner , he might have been inclined to have pronounced it altogether past . He had had fears that the Constitution frigate , which sailed from France on the 9th of the last month , had carried that with her which might prove fatal to this country . Within the last 2s hours new arrivals had partly dispelled such apprehensions . The act spoken of as likely to pass , admitting English manufactures which had been purchased bonâ fide before Feb. 1 , 1811 , had given the people of this country great hopes of relief , as it was felt that acting on the false swearing system noticed by Mr. Pinckney , almost any quantity of goods might be sworn into America . The joy , however , expressed at this prospect of an opening market , sufficiently proved how great a blessing such a change would be considered , as that which the revocation of the Orders in Council would occasion . The Orders in Council had disappointed those by whom they were framed ; from our principal manufacturing towns—from almost every quarter there were the loudest complaints against them , and there was hardly a merchant to be found , who was not thoroughly persuaded of their mischievous tendency . On this question , however , he did not call upon the House to decide , but 771 he called upon them over and over again to put themselves in possession of that information which he had endeavoured to shew was so necessary . He could not but admit that with him America was extremely popular . He looked back to that contest in which she had been engaged with this country , with reverence and admiration for America . That contest had terminated as all such contests should terminate . He felt no jealousy of the prosperity of America , convinced as he was , that with proper management here , the more she flourished , the more would this country flourish ; and that on the other hand , from the flourishing condition of Great Britain , America would derive a fresh impulse and additional vigour . He had seen nothing after all that had been said that could be looked upon as injustice to this country on the part of America . He had heard a very great outcry against her injustice , but he had seen none of it . He had heard it trumpeted forth long ago , that America was engaged in secret hostility against this country , but he did not believe it . He believed that America , placed in the extraordinary situation in which she had stood , that of the only neutral in the world , had done as every other power would , and endeavoured to avail herself of all the advantages of her situation . He thought that England had been unjust to America , and had required that of her which it was impossible she could achieve . He thought France had acted unjustly to her , and required that of her which it was impossible she could achieve . Placed in this situation , she endeavoured as long as she could , to preserve her independence by defensive operations . The Non-Importation Act had therefore been enacted , and afterwards the Non-Intercourse Act . In the measures she had adopted , it did not appear to him that there was partiality towards France or injustice toward England ; but he thought the government of France had been wise enough