, that the 'commencers'—to borrow a phrase from the hon . gentleman ; ( Mr. Curwen ) of this system , were not those who were now his Majesty 's ministers . It was from the gentlemen on the other side that this system commenced ; and if they had steadily maintained their own principles there would now be much less of that opinion in America of the injustice of the ' conduct of Great Britain . It was , indeed , very natural for the Americans , when they read 778 the speeches of leading members-in our parliament , men of weight , character , and influence , charging the government of this country with injustice , to suppose that there must really be injustice . The hon . gentleman had found great faults with lord Wellesley for not going into a detail of the principles of blockade our government were ready to abandon , in order to purchase of France the revocation of the Berlin and Milan Decrees . The first letter which he alluded to , of the 30th of April , was written precisely and entirely for the purpose of asking lord Wellesley that question . The American minister , however , must have been well aware at that time , that if there was any one question more than another which our government were determined not to mix up with the question of the Orders in Council , it was precisely this question about blockades . It could hardly be supposed , that we would give an answer to France , how much of our rights of blockade we were ready to surrender , in order to purchase for the Americans a revocation of the Berlin and Milan Decrees . As to the correspondence between Mr. Pinckney and lord Wellesley , if the hon . gentleman , upon reading it , could discover nothing but what was conciliatory in the letters of Mr. Pinckney , and nothing but what was unconciliatory on the part of lord Wellesley , he could not account for such a construction of the correspondence upon any other principle than the partiality which the hon . member had avowed for America . Now , as to the letter which was said not to have been answered , the subject of that letter was the recall of Mr. Jackson , and the appointment of another minister in his place . Mr. Pinckney himself , in his correspondence with the American government , stated , that after writing that letter , he had had many communications with lord Wellesley on the subject , and repealed opportunities of personal intercourse ; and that he was informed by his lordship , and had no doubt of the fact , that a minister would soon be sent out to America . If that letter , therefore , was not formally answered , it was because the information sought for by Mr. Pinckney had been communicated in another manner . The ground upon which Mr. Pinckney specifically demanded his passports was , that no minister had been sent out to America , according to promise . He was informed at the time , that the only reason why a 779 minister had not been sent out sooner , was the situation in which the government found itself for the two months in consequence of his Majesty 's illness . He would much rather that the hon . mover had gone into an argument on the justice and policy of the measures pursued with respect to America , than that he should have stated generally as he had done , that those measures were unjust and impolitic . He believed the hon . gentleman did not mean to deny the principle that we had a right of retaliation against France , for all those evils which her injustice to neutral nations and neutral commerce might bring upon this country . At least , this principle was not first promulgated by those who are now his Majesty 's ministers : it had been distinctly and authoritatively declared , before they came into office , by the gentlemen who now