that in them did not consist the essential education of a people . These , indeed , were calculated to produce great advantages ; but the real education of a nation was produced and matured by the fairness , justice and mildness of its government . By all the various grievances 25 which he had enumerated , more particularly by extending the military character to all , and by the sufferings and burdens under which we laboured , was this education greatly checked , if not annihilated ; and sympathy and feeling were almost extinguished from the breasts of our oppressed countrymen.—On these various topics he should move , That an humble Address be presented to his royal Highness the Prince Regent . He had framed his Address with all respect to the illustrious person to whom it was meant to be presented ; and at the same time embracing every point which his own sense of duty to his constituents , and to the country in general , pointed out to him as essential . The great and important point , he conceived to be , a full and fair representation of the people in that House . To the want of that full and fair representation of the people in Parliament , he , with full confidence that his assertion was correct , attributed the debt of the hundreds of millions sterling with which we were now loaded , and the numerous other calamities which had been daily accumulating on the country . He was happy to think that his royal highness the Prince Regent had a short interval before he should be entirely freed from the shackles with which he was now loaded , during which he might have leisure to reflect on the different topics to which he had felt it to be his duty to allude in the Address which he now held in his hand . He had the fullest confidence in his Royal Highness , that they would receive his serious consideration ; and , on a mind so constituted as that which his Royal Highness was known to possess , he entertained not a doubt that the grievances of a faithful and suffering people could not fail of making an impression corresponding with their weight and importance ; satisfied as he trusted his Royal Highness would be , that on a due attention to , and on the redressing of those grievances , depended the lasting glory of his Royal Highness 's throne and that of his family . `` His ego gratiora dictu alia esse scio , `` Sed me vera pro gratis loqui , `` Si meum ingenium non moneret `` Necessitas coget . '' The hon . baronet then moved the following Address : `` We , his Majesty 's most dutiful and loyal subjects , the Commons of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , in Parliament assembled , return your Royal 26 Highness the humble thanks of this House , for the most gracious Speech delivered by the Lords Commissioners , by your Royal Highness 's command . `` We assure your Royal Highness that we shall , without delay , take into our serious consideration all the matters to which your Royal Highness has been pleased to direct our attention , and endeavour to adopt such measures as are best calculated to meet the exigencies of the times . `` But we should deem it a failure in our duty , were we on this solemn occasion to omit expressing to your Royal Highness with the frankness suggested by a due sense of our functions , the sentiments we entertain on the present situation of our country , and to point out to your Royal Highness the remedy , which , in our opinion , is called for by the evils already experienced , and by the dangers which appear to be impending . `` We always hear with great satisfaction , though not with surprise , that our countrymen in arms , whether by land or by sea , maintain the character of their ancestors ; but , we can not , at