, till at last , it would become irreparable , and then this country would have to mourn over the ruin of the British empire . believed that if the House went into a committee they would go there not to deliberate , but to surrender at discretion : to surrender the church of England to the catholic dominion . It became them then to consider whether it was worth while to do any thing for the church of England , or whether we should supinely render up those privileges and rights she received from our ancestors . He had always been disposed to grant every indulgence to the Roman Catholics of Ireland : he had always been disposed to grant them every right : but he was not prepared to go the length which some noble lords seemed to be : his was not that violent `` love which out-ran the pauses of reason . '' There was a something in the Roman Catholic church which made it dangerous to concede to any of its claims . This had been its character in all ages , and this was its character now . It was still under the spiritual direction of an authority , which authority itself was subjected to the controul of Buonaparte : and what might not such a union produce , injurious to this country ? But , he would ask , if every thing were granted to the Roman Catholics which they now demand , was it in human nature that they should stop short there ? Would the feelings of the clergy , or of the laity , permit this ? Would they not afterwards seek the same participation of honours in the church which they now require in civil and military offices We should not shut our eyes to this danger , while we were so sensibly alive to the probable alienation of four millions of people . These were his sentiments , and he should think he betrayed his duty to that House , his duty to his sovereign , and his duty to himself , did he not freely deliver them . He should be at all times , and under all circumstances , averse from going into a committee , without any outline of what plan was to be pursued , as it could only tend to excite the expectations of the people of Ireland , without , perhaps , offering any certainty of doing that which they would anticipate . He thought it necessary that a stand should be made where we now were ; nor could 462 he consent to go any further , till he was convinced that it was a boon which , they asked , and that they would be satisfied with what was to be granted . expressed his surprise that the motion of his noble friend should be objected to , because there was no renewed petition of the Catholics before the House . That very circumstance , in his mind , made the present moment the most auspicious for considering them . It was notorious that the Petitions were now preparing in every part of Ireland , and might be expected to be soon pressed upon parliament with all the bitterness of unmerited and disappointed suffering ; and surely nothing could be more absurd in the mouths of those who refused to listen to the Catholics when they besieged us with their complaints , that there were now no complaints before us.—We were asked on the contrary , by his noble friend , for that very reason spontaneously to consider the entire condition of Ireland , in order that our policy towards her might have all the becoming grace of pure and voluntary justice.—Most of the difficulties which were now pressed against the Catholics , and which involved the whole empire in so much danger at this critical period , had arisen from the long continued obstinacy of refusing even to consider their case.—In the beginning , we heard nothing of the Veto , nor of any other terms ; the Catholics looked up to us with confidence and hope at no