an increase of influence . But should there at any time be any difference , ( he did not mean to say any personal difference , for that he was convinced would never take place between his royal highness and her Majesty , but any political difference between them ) , then the Prince Regent would feel himself checked by the measures of a rival court . All this was the necessary continuance of the system of last year . Did his royal highness approve of those restrictions , by which the Queen 's power was placed above his own ? The Queen was placed over a separate court , and armed with separate power and separate patronage . This , he would say , ought not to be the case , and he was sure that he was then saying that which if her Majesty could hear him say , she would have no hesitation in thanking him for . He did not mean to say that her Majesty would ever condescend to carry on intrigues against the administration ; but this could be very well done by others in her name , who might find it very convenient to have a separate court to fall back upon , for the purpose of playing off their manœuvres . It was possible that this Bill might have been submitted to his royal highness , but yet not sufficiently explained to him ; for it was almost impossible to conceive that if it were explained , he could ever approve of such a Bill . In this Bill could they find any real advantage resulting to the comforts of his Majesty , or any gratification to the private feelings of the Queen , from the plan of the right hon . gentleman ? What he wanted was , that the custody of the King should be entrusted to her Majesty ; but while he said this , he wished to have a distinct sum voted , in addition to the Civil List , that his royal highness might be enabled to make the proper arrangements for his father . Those who objected to such a measure could only object to it from thinking that the intentions of the nation towards the King would be interrupted by his royal highness . But he would ask , if any son could have possibly shewn more attachment to a father , or any Prince have possibly behaved with more decorum to the King , than his royal highness had done . He would put it to the House then , whether they thought the present Bill ought to be allowed to pass into a law ? He would repeat it , that it was the duty of parliament at the present moment , to take the whole arrangement of the Civil List , 344 and of his Majesty 's household into their consideration . What would be the harm then , he would ask , in waiting till they had sufficient information , and sufficient time to consider all this ? But the right hon . gentleman had said that , if the bill should not now pass , the restrictions would expire on the 18th , of February , and the consequence would be , that the Prince would be left completely without controul . Now , if there was any subject on which he should wish the free and unfettered consent of the Prince , it was that of his future establishment , as he certainly was of opinion that any concession of his royal highness to the public would come with much more grace from him in the plenitude of his power , than at a time like the present , when it looked as if they were driving a bargain with him before he could get out of the situation . All that could take place on the 18th of February , would be that those disgraceful clauses would be done away , by which the Regent was prevented from making peers , and otherwise curtailed of the necessary powers of government . Did the right hon . gentleman really