from an hon . gentleman , who had contended that capital punishment should only be inflicted where it was authorised by the Scripture , which it was said only justified it in one instance , where it is written— '' Whosoever sheddeth man 's blood , by man shall his blood be shed , '' he was surprised how any man could read Leviticus and Deuteronomy , and be of such an opinion . It would be found , in looking into those books , that they contained more capital punishments than any modern code of laws , and Europe had been convinced that it would be improper to adopt a code so sanguinary . In the Scrip- 840 ture it would be found , that by the law of the Israelites , he who `` disobeyed his father and would not hearken to his voice , '' was sentenced to be led out and stoned till he died.—He then proceeded to show , by analogy , that exemplary punishment ought to be inflicted on those who opposed the parental mandates of the legislature : and concluded by giving it as his opinion , that it was incumbent on the legislature to express its disapprobation of such outrageous proceedings in the strongest manner , by enacting that they should be visited with capital punishment , and those who suffered in consequence of the passing of such a law , were to be regarded as the victims of their own illusions and misconduct . disclaimed all idea of imputing to the hon . and learned gentleman any wish to under-rate the importance of the transactions alluded to ; but complained that he had manifested some inconsistency in stating , at the same time , that the Bill would be a dead letter , and would also cause too great a sacrifice of lives . in explanation said , that the right hon . member who spoke last had misrepresented—he would not say had misstated—his positions . His observation had been , that as far as regarded the case of conspiracy , the act would be a dead letter , though this was the case where it was intended to apply ; while it would operate severely against individuals , a case not within the meaning of the Bill . said , that he should wish the time to be enlarged , except the subject was one which frequently had come before the legislative body . Statutes already existed on the woollen , the silk , and cotton manufactures , and none on this branch of craft . It was also important that it should not go out to the public , that the House was not clear and decisive in its intentions on this subject . , in pursuance of his notice , rose to move for several papers on the subject of the trade carried on by means of Licences , preparatory to the important discussion on the subject of the Orders in Council , which was soon to be brought before the House . He observed , that whatever opinions might be entertained by the cabinet , or by the Board of Trade , he would venture to assert that there was no member of the House at all connected with commercial affairs , who would defend the licensed trade as it was now , and as it had been for some time carried on . When the immense increase of influence it afforded to the crown , and the state of subserviency to the minister to which it reduced the mercantile interests of the country , were taken into 843 consideration , he thought the House would at least pause before it refused the documents for which he was about to move , previous to entering upon the general inquiry . He did not now wish to anticipate any thing that would be stated on a subsequent and more proper occasion , and should do little more than move for the papers which were the object of his application . The first was the copy of any memorials presented to his Majesty 's government from the merchants of