secret jobs , if there were such , how did the hon . and learned gentleman come at the knowledge of them ? As to those grants which were not secret , but which had been already stated to parliament , it appeared that hardly any objections were or could be made . He would by no means contend , that this was the most convenient fund for paying the increased expence of the civil list establishment out of ; but he would say , that until parliament should create some other fund or means to meet the deficiency in the civil list , he thought that it was the best way to supply it from this source . Although the expences of the civil list establishment had much increased , he believed that the king kept no more servants , horses , or carriages than he did formerly . He by no means wished to under-rate the principle , of the necessity of the crown being dependent on parliament for its income , as far as related to public services , but he thought that the king should be independent as to his household and personal expences ; and that a system which made a frequent recurrence to parliament for assistance in that respect was unconstitutional and dangerous . Under all these circumstances , he should vote 263 against the motion , which went to destroy a system , which , if not the best , had answered the purpose of supplying the deficiency of the civil list , and in which no abuses had been shewn to exist . said that his hon . and learned friend had stated truly to the House , that there were two questions to be decided ; the one , whether the crown had any right to the revenue in dispute ; the other , whether , supposing the right established , it was proper that it should be left so ? His hon . and learned friend had maintained that the revenue of which his Majesty had undertaken the administration , did not of right belong to his Majesty ; in doing which , however , he had admitted , that till the time of the Revolution , no branch of the revenue whatever was appropriated , until the passing of the civil list acts . In order to shew that his majesty was not dealing with , as his own , that which was not his own , he should refer to those acts ; and as the most convenient order , he should begin with the last , and so follow up the series . In the 1st of the present king , by which 800,000l . was settled on his Majesty for life ; in that , as in the former cases , many revenues were collected into one aggregate fund , and named specifically , but among them the Droits of Admiralty were not included . It was certain that before the institution of the civil list the Droits belonged to the king , but whether from that period they still remained to him , was a question not quite so evident . They were therefore to enquire , whether among the revenues which composed the aggregate fund , the Droits of Admiralty were mentioned . If they were mentioned , undoubtedly they were included in the bargain between his Majesty and parliament , on his first arriving at the crown , but if not , they were still to be considered his own property . Here the hon . and learned gentleman took a review of the various acts from the 1st of George 3 , to that of William and Mary on that subject , in none of which this fund was alluded to . It therefore remained with his Majesty as before . The next point to which they came , was the simple consideration , whether it ought to be taken from him ; and that must lead them necessarily to the act of Settlement , by which in lieu of certain revenues , parliament had agreed to allow to his Majesty the