he had friends before him who would debar him from entering into discussion . The House , he contended , was very much in want of general information on this question with America . The argument against producing this information at present , was one which had been often had recourse to—he had heard it last year—it was said , that delicate negociations were then going on , which would be affected by the discussions which might ensue ; and yet when the papers were looked into , it would be seen that there really was no negociation going on at that time ; that there was nothing which could lead to any arrangement of the question between the two countries ; and that that question might have been very safely discussed in the House , He was afraid that this argument would be brought forward to the last ; and that the country would at once go to war , without any interval being allowed to parliament to deliberate on the policy which ought to guide the government in the dispute . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had , indeed , while exposing the fallaciousness of the hopes of an hon . member respecting a change of ministry , told the House that he would 786 not remain in his situation , if any concession was made to America . Upon the shewing , then , of the right hon . gentleman , there was not the smallest prospect of the dispute being ever settled without the interference of the House.—With respect to the Act at present in progress through the American Congress , he did not think it had been properly considered . It was not in any way to be looked upon as expressive of conciliation towards this country , but as an act of simple justice to the American people . The Non-Importation Act necessarily affected the interests of many who had entered into transactions prior to its being passed ; and Congress had appointed a committee to inquire into the mode of redress to which these persons were entitled . But to prevent all misconstruction , it was expressly stated by the chairman of the committee , that the report had been delayed till those Acts had passed , which left no room to doubt of the sentiments of America . He really could not help feeling a good deal of surprise , when he heard the hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Stephen ) confidently talk of the prosperous state of the trade of this country , and assert that it was now more flourishing than previous to the Orders in Council . Would any man in the House , who was any way engaged in trade , say this ? Was there any man so unconnected with trade as not to know how utterly unfounded this assertion was ? It was really surprising to him that there should be any man so blind to every thing passing around him , so deaf to the language of every part of the country , or so infatuated by the spirit of system , as to venture gravely to assert such a proposition . Could any man be ignorant of the universal distress of the manufacturing towns ; of the petitions from Staffordshire ; of the reduced state of that once most flourishing trading town , Liverpool ? It was astonishing that the hon . and learned gentleman should be so infatuated as not to perceive the dangerous situation into which he had plunged this country , by his writings . To be sure , the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had taken a more humble line of argument . He had admitted the distresses of the country ; but then he contended that they did not originate with him . He thought that these distresses were so evident , as not to require any argument in that House to prove their existence ; and , indeed , he should never have thought of noticing the 787 subject , had it not been for the very singular assertion