were admitted to a free trade , an event which , in case of peace , would certainly take place in all the other kingdoms of Europe , that the most advantageous results would accrue to the country 675 and to individuals . At the same time , he was anxious that the territorial revenue of the company should be allowed to them for another term of years ; for though it was an anomaly in our constitution that twenty-four private merchants should possess an immense territory , and have under their control a mighty army , yet he thought it better in their hands , than that it should be transferred to the increase of the influence of the crown . He believed that his proposed separation of the commerce from the territorial revenue of the company would be as beneficial to them , as he was sure it would be serviceable to the country . Every part of the original stock was entirely gone ; there had been subscribed altogether from the act of king William to the present time,7,780,000l . as the capita ) stock of the company . That part of this stock which had been advanced and lent to the state , had become converted into annuities payable to the company from the state . These annuities they had acquired the power of selling or mortgaging : they had exercised such powers , and had sold them according . The remaining part of this sum of 7,780,000l . had been raised or subscribed within these , last thirty years , for the purpose only of meeting some great pending calamity to their affairs , and had accordingly been spent as soon as raised . Thus then it was of the most vital importance to the Indian stockholder as well as to the state , to devise some means of realising from the Company 's means a sum equal to their capital stock ; the only interest which remained to the stockholder was the term of the territorial revenue : and even utter ruin might ensue , should there arise in India any daring military adventurer . One other reason why the agreement of the Company and the government should be publicly discussed , was , that in private committees the public voice was entirely excluded , and its interest completely sacrificed . The act of 1793 was a perfect illustration of this position ; the true character of that agreement was , that it was a compact to benefit the two contracting parties to the perfect exclusion of the public good . The government undertook to raise the dividends of the company , and the Company in return engaged to pay for four members of parliament , viz . the President of the Board of Controul , the two Commissioners , and the Secretary . As for the annual 500,000l . to the public , it was a mere creature of the imagination . 676 This was his own view of the subject , and he hoped and expected to receive from the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer some explanations on this matter : a matter which bad doubtless employed much of that gentleman 's attention , as the consideration of it had been recommended in the Speech from the throne . said , it was not his intention to have troubled the House on the present occasion , had it not been for the allusion made by the hon . gentleman who had just sat down , to the state of the town which he had the honour to represent . He was confident that the merchants of Liverpool expected a great alteration would be made in the arrangement of the carrying trade to and from India . It had been suggested to him that a Committee should be appointed on that subject ; but that , he thought , was premature , and so he had told those that mentioned it to him . It was , however , very clear that all the out ports were violently agitated on this point ; and there could be little doubt but