to have misunderstood what bad fallen from him on the manner in which Ireland was mentioned in the Speech and in the Amendment , which of course was originally intended for the Address . He ( Mr. Ponsonby ) had observed , that the Speech and the Address of the noble lord were entirely silent as to any recommendation to parliament to inquire into the general state of Ireland . This he conceived blameable . Such mention might , however , have been made , without then going into the subject ; for a discussion on the situation of Ireland , on the present occasion , would , in his opinion , be wrong . But the right hon . gent . having entirely forborne to recommend to the House the consideration of the state of Ireland , he thought it absolutely necessary that the subject should be brought before them ; and at an early day an hon . friend of his would press it on their attention . said , that , with respect to the war in the peninsula , so far from objecting to those supplies which had been granted , he was willing to pledge himself to any future support which the exigencies of the cause might demand . But he disapproved of the Address of the noble lord , on account of a proper mention of the state of Ireland being omitted . presented , by command of the Prince Regent , the following Declarations : said , that he should avail himself of that opportunity to declare those sentiments which a particular and unexpected occurrence of yesterday had prevented , and should state his reasons to the House for not agreeing to the Address . In the early part of it , which spoke of his Majesty 's situation in a manner they must all feel to be applicable , he perfectly concurred ; but there were other parts which , consistently with his duty as a member of parliament ; he felt it incumbent on him to oppose . Indeed , the only exception he felt himself bound to make , in addition to the one already stated , was in favour of the congratulation on the conduct and bravery of his Majesty 's troops , especially in the action under general Hill . He must also be disposed to acknowledge the merits of lord Wellington , who , if he had lately done nothing to advance , might at least be said to have done nothing that could derogate from a fame which might rank among the greatest of antient or of modern times . But knowing the disposition of the country towards the cause in which they were embarked ; knowing that no effort which ministers could make , was left unmade ; knowing that no voice , from one end of the kingdom to the other , 53 cryed out against supplying , and supplying in abundance , the means which were necessary for such a purpose ; and seeing those means entrusted to one of the best officers of his nation , an officer capable of coping with the best generals of France—seeing this , and then looking to the present state of the peninsula , he could not agree to hold out to the Prince Regent and to the country , a language which his experience must tell him it was rash to use , and calculated to excite hopes which must in the end be defeated . It was impossible for any imagination to picture how greater efforts could be made , or put into hands more capable of turning them to the best advantage than those entrusted to lord Wellington for the defence of the peninsula . But , what was the consequence of all this ? we were told that the danger of Spain was not increased ; that her difficulties only inspired her to more connected efforts ; we were led to believe by the Speech which was put into the mouth of the Prince Regent , that the cause was still prosperous after the French had obtained repeated successes , and were