case , and much doubt was entertained of the wisdom and prudence of the proceeding ; but among all the precedents there were none of more frequent occurrence , or which had been visited more uniformly by the just punishment of the House , than cases of fraud , and notorious breach of trust in pecuniary transactions for private and undue emolument . The cases of public were undoubtedly more frequent than those of private fraud , and it was extremely natural that it should be so , since transactions between man and man were seldom brought to light , and until within the last thirty years members of parliament were concerned in the collection of the revenues , in the public expenditure , in the lotteries , and contracts of government . The principle , however , applied equally to all cases of fraud and breach of trust , when coupled with a most material circumstance , the notoriety and publicity of the fact . Could it , in the present case , be made more notorious , than by a trial at the Old Bailey ? It was impossible for the House to profess ignorance of what was known to the whole country . It might be , perhaps , urged , that the free pardon granted to Mr. Walsh had altered the case.—In passing , the hon . gentleman said he wished here to notice somewhat of an inconsistency in the administration of justice , namely , that the conviction of the offender on a public trial should be made public to all the world , and that perhaps the next time the subject was heard of , it should be to announce that a free pardon had been granted . In the present instance , indeed , this lenity was not to be deemed an act of grace or favour , but of strict justice , since , under the circumstances , it was impossible that it should be refused . This circumstance , however , in general cases , might be subject to misconstruction , and perhaps ought to be excepted from the praise which so truly be- 1178 longed to the administration of justice It appeared to him that it was equally important for the public to know the reason for the pardon , as the grounds of the conviction . In the instance before the House , the pardon , however , did not take the fact out of the cognizance of the House , or make it less necessary that the expulsion should be resorted to . The pardon had been granted , as usual , on the letter of the judge , but it had not deprived Mr. Walsh of one jot of the delinquency , or diminished the notoriety of the fact . The hon . gentleman said , he had been asked on a former night by an hon . member whether he produced the letter of Mr. Walsh , to his brother , as proof of what appeared on record ? To this he should answer , that he had deemed the free confession of guilt from the delinquent himself ad important document for the House to receive ; not , indeed , that it would be strict legal evidence in a court of justice , but the House , it should be remembered , was not bound to the technical forms of law , and it would be injurious to the constitution to permit them to controul its proceedings . If , however , strict legal proof were required , it was before the House ; besides which , it had the best evidence of the deliberate turpitude of the culprit . He was not even bound to shew that this case came within any of the precedents in the Journals ; for if it were , as he believed , of sufficient magnitude for the cognizance of the House , it had not only a right , but was bound to proceed to expulsion . In the year 1732 , however , would be found an example , if it were required , fully authorizing this