House in their own language . They state themselves to be the representatives of four millions of Roman Catholics , who `` occupy the most valuable positions , whether for commercial , or for military purposes . The boldest coasts , most navigable rivers , and most tenable passes , the most fertile districts , the richest supplies of forage , the readiest means of attack or defence . '' The Catholics were represented , on the same authority , as forming five-sixths of the population of Ireland . The number of persons of that religion , qualified to sit in parliament , from learning , talents , and property , were estimated at thirty thousand ; and their clergy , who , it was stated , ought to be provided for by the state , without any condition or limitation , amounted to two thousand . This population , so described , were , it was said , not only qualified to hold all public offices , ( even including that of lord lieutenant ) , but had an actual right to hold five-sixths of them . I ask the House , in what state would the government of Ireland be , if a committee , professing to be the full and complete representation of five-sixths of the whole population of that country , a population possessing such physical and local advantages , avowing such pretensions , and demanding such concessions , was established 576 in the metropolis—what , I ask , would be the security for the tranquillity of the country , if such a committee were allowed to sit , deliberate , and act , in Dublin ? What would you say , Mr. Speaker , if , in one of the theatres in the Hay-market , there was a convention representing four millions of the people of this country , assuming all the forms of parliament ? I am convinced , if such a thing were to occur , gentlemen would rise from every corner of the House , and say it ought to be put down . If no law existed to enable government to disperse such a meeting , you would instantly pass an act to suppress it . If such would be the conduct of gentlemen , and I am confident it would , ( if the case were applicable to England ) , surely , they ought to feel the necessity of giving the same , or even greater support to the government of Ireland : a government that does not possess the advantage and support of a resident legislature , and which has nothing to look to but its own vigilance and its own energy . I will now state the proceedings that took place , in consequence of the conduct of the Catholic Committee which I have just described . The lord lieutenant , having taken every part of the subject into his most serious consideration , sent , on the 20th of July last , a dispatch upon it to his Majesty 's ministers . In this dispatch , his grace expressed his opinion , that the government of Ireland ought to proceed against those who had manifested so unequivocal a determination to violate the law . He also observed , that be had laid the whole of the proceedings of the Catholics before the crown lawyers , who were clearly of opinion , that they were direct violations of the Convention act . Such was the substance of the dispatch seat off on the 20th of July , to ministers . It has been often said , and indeed I heard it remarked in another place , that the government of Ireland were very remiss is not communicating with the Catholics , when they found they were going too far , and warning them of the penalties which they were incurring . It had also been stated last year , that it would have been more fair , more liberal , 'and more parental ' towards the Catholics , to have proceeded by way of proclamation , instead of issuing tile Circular * Words used by Mr. Ponsonby