the order to go to school , and I advise you not to obey it , '' was no offence . The order was , in the opinion of the judge , illegal , therefore the man had a right to give such advice : hence it followed , that soldiers were justified in encouraging one another not to obey their officers . Orders had been some time ago issued by the duke of York , directing the officers to send their men to school . In consequence of this , if an officer failed to give orders to that effect , he might be brought to a court-martial ; and if he forced them to attend , he might , in consequence , be brought to trial . A sort of mutiny was thus encouraged , and the whole discipline of the army broken in upon . observed , that the subject was entitled to serious consideration : but to attend the schools had not been considered as any part of military duty . Schools had certainly been established , and a provision made for maintaining them in the Army Estimates , this was done , that those wishing to avail themselves of such an advantage might do so , but still to attend or not to attend had been left wholly optional to the parties . In almost every instance , where an individual was qualified to hold the situation of a non-commissioned officer he would be happy to avail himself of the advantage held out to him by these schools , and therefore it was as well to leave it optional for him to attend . was of opinion , that however advantageous it might be to the men to attend , they ought not to be forced to go to school . , before the agitation of the question that day , had never heard the legality of an officer ordering his men to attend , doubted by any lawyer or officer with whom he had conversed . The noble lord gave it up in a legal point of view altogether , but he believed he would not find an officer who was not of opinion that he ought to have power to punish disobedience to such an order , as well as disobedience to any other . Had he known that it was to be left optional to the soldier to attend the schools established , he should have paused before he consented to the vote proposed for their support . admitted that if it was ordered at the Horse Guards that the men should be sent to school , that order ought to be obeyed as much as any other , and disobedience punished accordingly . It was however unnecessary to introduce a clause into the Mutiny Bill on the subject , as when such an order was issued , disobedience could be punished under the act as it at present stood , without adding to it the clause proposed . said , the order from the Horse Guards directed the establishing of schools ; and an officer was placed in a disagreeable situation , if , when he directed the men to attend such schools they might refuse to do so . remarked , that men did not enlist to go to school , and thought it would injure the recruiting service if an idea went abroad , that they were to be forced to attend . stated it not to have been the intention of the duke of York to make the attendance of the men compulsory , though much advantage was expected from the establishment of schools in the army . thought the subject entitled to serious consideration . said , the action commenced against him was not for confining a man who had disobeyed his order to go to school , but it was for putting under imprisonment one who had incited others to disobey his orders . wished to know if it was the intention to introduce any clause to do away military flogging ? said it was not , but that the regulation of last session , leaving