solemn compact of the union bad been violated . So far from courting the approbation of the right hon . gentleman , in any measure he might think proper to bring before the House , he should really think he had not discharged his duty , if in any case it had met with his decided approbation . The right hon . gentleman seemed to have seen the claims of the Catholics in a new light that evening ; for in all the debates on the Catholic question before , he had thought proper to preserve an inviolable silence . But so inconsistent was he , that while he made a most brilliant exertion , his vote went to negative his argument . The right hon . gentleman had thought proper to say , that he would give his negative to the present motion , because it went to condemn the Irish government . Admitting that that government had had law on their side , he would say , that they had taken the most effectual means of inflaming and disaffecting the Irish people . But he had heard from the first law authorities in this country , that the government had really acted quite contrary to the law . The system of sending delegates was the natural consequence 549 of what had been so often stated in parliament , namely , that those friends to the Catholics who brought forward their petition , did not speak the sense of the Catholic body . But from the late powerful and strong expressions of the sentiments of the Catholics , it would be found that they bad been speaking not the sentiments of a faction , but of the Irish people in general—the expression of united Catholic feeling . It appeared , however , that the government of Ireland were determined to stifle that expression of feeling . The right hon . gentleman had thought proper to allude to him , as representing in a peculiar manner the Catholics . He wished to inform him that he had never arrogated to himself any such distinction , and that he was the representative of as respectable a Protestant constituency as any in Ireland ; but he wished him not to think that when he said this he was ashamed of representing the Catholics . He would tell him that it was his pride and his boast that he had the confidence of the Catholics . He would not at present enter into the particulars of the Catholic claims , however impressed he was with the justice of those claims , and that there could be no safety to the state till the Catholics received unqualified admission into the constitution . He differed from the right hon . gentleman with regard to his character of the Irish peasantry ; for he contended that a more learned , enlightened , and liberal peasantry did not exist than those of that country , and this assertion of his with respect to them , proved only , that he , who claimed a connection with that country , was , like many others of his countrymen , but very ill-informed with the state of it . He would conclude by saying , that the ministry , by their infernal machinations , had been the means of causing the Prince on the throne to be generally reprobated , and of lowering him in the love of his subjects , and in so far might be said to have been guilty of the most diabolical machinations . He advised them to beware of continuing such measures as might inflame men to seek in desperation for a reparation of their injuries in revolution ; for in the hour of revolution , every wise , honest , and conscientious man would tremble , and every wicked man rejoice . God forbid , however , that they should ever live to see such times ! thought there was little of conciliation either in the motion of the noble lord , or the speech of the hon . gentleman 550 who had just sat down . The motion embraced two objects ;