his arguments , he would take notice of them now . The question to which he alluded had been a subject of long and deliberate consideration , and though there was something very deserving of attention in what had fallen from the hon . baronet , though he concurred with him in thinking that it would be extremely desirable to have the duty simplified , he thought it unwise to embarrass a temporary system without full and deliberate consideration ; and with respect to what had fallen from the hon . gentleman ( Mr. Sinclair ) , he could assure him that he had received more applications from Scotland for the adoption of this measure , than from any other part of the united kingdom . He felt indebted to the right hon . baronet ( sir J. Newport ) for the manner 291 in which he had proposed his objections , which did not go to obstruct the present measure , but to establish a less injurious system . He hoped , however , that his apprehensions were unfounded ; whatever inaccuracy there had been in framing the act of Union , was a drawback on its advantages , and so much had this been felt , that the original application proceeded from the inconvenience felt by Scotland importing into Ireland . It did not originate in the desire of England , but in the desire of the united kingdom , to remedy an inconvenience which pressed too severely on Ireland . The right hon gentleman then commented on the extreme case quoted by the right hon . baronet , and confessed , that he should , have expected a less extravagant one . He did not conceive how it could apply in the present case , as it could only happen in the total prohibition of the use of linen , and the substitution of cotton . With regard to the prohibition of distilling from grain , he confessed that it would be extremely impolitic to extend that prohibition to Ireland ; but while the English market was prevented , from being supplied : with spirits distilled from grain , it would not do to let it he affected by spirit imported from a country where grain was permitted to be used in the distilleries . said , that the right hon . gentleman had answered the illustration of his right hon . friend by calling it extravagant ; but the House would do well to recollect that king William had declared his intention to do all in his power to destroy one of the manufactures of Ireland : this was recorded as an historical fact , and even if it did not exist , he conceived that it was right to argue upon the most extravagant suppositions , and upon the broadest principle , on a question like the present . There was experience of what had been done , and it was not many years since the table of that House was crowded with Petitions , when it was proposed to extend a `` mall part of the African trade to Ireland . The right hon . gentleman might senile , but it was nevertheless true , that violent remonstrances were made in the year 1782 , and particularly by the city of Glasgow , against this advantage being conceded to Ireland . It was not a fact that the suspension took place in 1806 to guard against the Scotch distillers—it was to benefit the English revenue—it was because the Scotch distillers exported their spirits to Ireland , and not only injured the Irish distillers , but the English revenue . This 292 was a subject of vital importance , and he had invariably resisted the suspension of the intercourse between the two countries ; and though it might be acceded to by the Irish distillers , under particular circumstances , yet it violated the terms of the Union , which was enacted on the broad principle of free trade , on equal duty or no duty ; and though it might be judged right to suspend the distillation from corn in England , still the