being made by general Armstrong , the duke of Cadore , the French minister , replied , `` that the conduct of France was consistent with the eternal principles of justice . '' The Decree of Rambouillet was the close of that scene of iniquity , which America had tamely allowed to be acted before her eyes . The Orders in Council , on the contrary , were not promulgated until it was perfectly well known in the republic , that such would be the conduct of Great Britain . It had been said , that the French decrees had been revoked ; but on no foundation . In a recent prize cause , on a vessel called the Catherina Augusta , it was allowed that the Berlin and Milan decrees had not been rescinded . An original letter was produced during the proceedings , dated in September last , in which the merchants at Rotterdam state , that `` it is true that the Decrees of Berlin and Milan have not yet been publicly repealed . '' An American vessel in ballast , with an American master and American seamen , from London to Charlestown , had also been carried into Calais ; and no longer ago than November last , the captain and owner presented a petition to Congress , praying their interposition , and alleging that the vessel so captured was taken on the sole ground of a supposed infraction of the Berlin and Milan Decrees , by the vessel having sailed from an English port . But the House was told , that there had 1122 been no condemnations in France tinder those Decrees , subsequently to the 2nd Nov. 1810 . Of this he could not speak ; but no one would deny that there had been sequestrations to a considerable amount ; and in these times in France , the distinction between sequestration and condemnation was merely nominal ; while on the contrary the conduct of the British High Court of Admiralty had been marked with liberality , almost amounting to injustice towards ourselves ; and which had rendered the eminent individual at the head of that court as popular in America as he was in England . Much had been stated , with most imposing eloquence , on the evil consequences—the immoralities—arising from the system of licencing . The fact was that every syllable which the hon . and learned gentleman had uttered on the subject of simulated papers was applicable to the period before the Orders in Council and the Trade Licences were issued ; and he would state , without fear of contradiction , that the latter had very much checked the perjury and fraud complained of . Before the Orders in Council and the Licences were issued , it was necessary for every captain of a ship to take an oath at the Custom-house , relative to the size of his ship and the number of his men . This was discontinued , and he knew of no oath substituted . To all those shocking perjuries which were formerly frequent in Doctors ' Commons , there was now no temptation . That perjury prevailed as a system before 1807 was notorious ; and a house was established at Empden , which , for frauds of that kind , received a regular commission of two per cent . He had enquired particularly into the subject , and he was assured , by masters of neutral vessels , that they were not called upon to make any affidavits on the other side of the water . Under these circumstances , was it fair for the hon . gent to tome down and brand the national character with the imputation of systematic perjury ? Were the Orders in Council and the Licences abolished , then indeed the country would return to that system of neutralization under which perjuries were formerly so frequent . Reverting to the distresses of the manufacturers , he allowed that distress existed to a considerable degree , but expressed his persuasion that great arts had been used to make the suffering individuals believe that their evils originated in the