the purposes for which they were promulgated ; but he regretted that any alteration in those Orders had taken place , as it had the effect of benefiting the colonies of our allies , while it reduced our own ; as an elucidation of this , be instanced the case of the island of Cuba , from whence alone , during the last year 1150 no less than 220,000 hogsheads of sugar had been exported , whereas at the beginning of the war the export of that commodity amounted only to 70,000 hogsheads . He hoped , therefore , that his Majesty 's ministers would revert to and adhere to the system of retaliation as originally adopted , and any motion which had this for its object he would most cordially agree to , but seeing no beneficial consequences likely to result from the present proposition , he should oppose it . took a directly opposite view of the question , considering the licence system as necessary , but the policy of the Orders in Council as erroneous . He felt himself called upon to support the motion , although he was by no means disposed to wish ill to the administration of his right hon . friend . denied that there existed any grounds for the alleged immoralities of the licence system . If trade was to be carried on at all under the present circumstances , such a system was not only proper but indispensible . was of opinion , that whether the question was considered in a political or in a commercial view , they ought to go into the committee . The motion was such , that all who had doubts as to the results of the Orders or of the Licence trade , ought to vote for it . He was originally convinced by the arguments of his learned relative ( Mr. Stephen ) of the justice and policy of the Orders : but now that there existed great discontent , which was attributed to the injurious effects of those Orders , no conduct could be wiser for parliament , than to meet the discontent '' by inquiry , and shew to the people , that whether their complaints were founded or not , they should at least be attended to , and that they should see that they underwent a solemn investigation . If it was true that the Orders had been advantageous to the country , then their advocates could not fear inquiry , for it would only display their justice and expediency . The people of England had good sense enough to be satisfied with the result of investigation , if it could be fairly proved that the Orders in Council were beneficial to their trade . They would then ascribe their distresses to the evils inseparable from all human systems in time of war . He insisted on the immoralities of the Licence trade , and said he was astonished to hear an hon . baronet denying their existence . He then argued on the contracted nature of 1151 the Orders and the Licence trade . Their inconsistency alone was ground for enquiry . One system tended to restrain , the other to relax ; —one to starve , the other to feed ; —one denied , the other gave away , although both were the measures of the same government , and were adopted against the same enemy . Another reason for the committee , and one which should stand high in the consideration of all who wished well to the country , was the state of our relations with America . It was said , there were but slender hopes of remaining at peace with that power . Were not those Orders in Council one of the causes of contention between the Americans and us ? Did it not , therefore , become us seriously to inquire , whether the foundation of this system complained of by America was a proper one , in such a delicate situation , to be continued ? He would vote for inquiry . An opinion against the Orders was not necessary to vote