acts ; for , in many instances , the machinery was used in isolated houses , which were far from any neighbourhood , 810 and persons having secreted themselves about the premises , felt no difficulty in destroying the frames , which could be performed with very little noise . In one instance , the mischief had been done actually in sight of the military ; and , in another ; they were not more than one hundred yards from the premises . The rioters had also occasionally gone to the villages , in bodies of about fifty men , and having stationed centinels at the different avenues , the remainder employed themselves in destroying all the frames ; and this was executed with so much secrecy , that not a trace of the parties was left in the course of a few minutes . Various causes had been assigned for these outrages.—With respect to the disputes between the masters and journeymen , he should at present say nothing , as it could answer no good purpose . As far as his information went , the evil originated in the great increase of trade , which look place in the county of Nottingham , four years ago , in consequence of the southern parts of South America being opened to British commerce . At that time all the hands and machinery which could be procured were employed , and a number of independant frames were set on foot , by persons who had no direct interest in the manufacture , who was sure of letting them out , as he had before stated . About two years afterwards , this market began to fail ; and of course the manufacturers discharged a number of the persons employed by them , which created discontent and distress . ; and this had been since aggravated by the unfavourable situation of trade.—Still these circumstances , however deplorable , could not justify the measures pursued by the rioters ; which could only tend to draw down ruin themselves and families ; and , if permitted to be persisted in , must prevent them from procuring that employment , the want of which was held out as their greatest grievance.—The question then was , whether it was not proper that some legislative enactment should be resorted to , to endeavour to check those disturbances ? The House most know , that by the 28t of the King , c. 55 , the breaking of frames was made a minor felony , punishable with transportation for 14 years . That enactment had proved completely insufficient to deter from the commission of the offence which it was meant to guard against ; and it was his intention to propose , that the offence should now be made capital.—In submit- 811 ting this proposition to the House , he felt it his duty to say , that he was by no means a friend to the increase of capital punishments . However he might differ on other points from an hon . and learned friend ( sir S. Romilly ) whom he did not then see in his place , he certainly deprecated with him an unnecessary extension of capital punishments . Before he would resort to such a severe measure , he must see a strong and well authenticated case made out ; but when he contemplated the immense body of property involved in destruction—when he considered the great expense incurred in procuring machinery , and the risk it ran from these disputes—when also he looked at the extraordinary temptation bad men had to indulge the basest of motives , those of malice and revenge , by the easy destruction of frames ; he thought , if any case could call for a capital punishment , it was such a one as he had described . He did not rest the necessity of the measure on the frequency of the offence , or on the difficulty of detection—that would carry the House too far . But the ground on which he proposed the Bill , was this , that if the offence were permitted to be perpetrated