would cure it ? He had heard a glowing and eloquent detail of the distresses of the manufacturers of this country , but nothing to shew that they arose from the Orders in Council . Documents had been called for to prove the distressed state of our commerce and manufactures ; and those very documents we were now called on to reject , because it appeared from them , that down to the last year , not only was our commerce prosperous , but that it was in an unparalleled state of prosperity . When those documents were in favour of his hon . and learned friend he relied on their evidence , when it was against his argument ; he discredited it—In considering the general effect of those Orders in Council , it must be recollected , that before the Order of 1807 , our trade had been prostrated , and totally failed . In August , September , and October of the year 1807 , no less than 70 or 80 vessels , that had taken out cargoes for the continent , were obliged to apply to the Custom-house for leave to reland them , on account of the total stagnation of trade . This shewed that the export trade of the country had failed before those Orders in Council could have any operation . In the two years 1807 and 1808 , taken together , the amount of our exports was but 29 millions and an half , and that of our imports 26 millions and somewhat less than an half , and yet in the two following years of 1809 and 1810 , the trade had increased so much , that the exports were 51 millions and an half , and the imports 47,900,000l . It there- 1134 fore clearly appeared from those returns , that under the operation of those Orders in Council , our trade had very much increased instead of declined . Those who first supported the Orders in Council never had predicted that they would entirely and completely counteract the system of the enemy ; whereas those who opposed them had predicted , that they would occasion the total ruin of our trade , both with the continent of Europe and with America . By these returns , however , it appeared , that even the trade to the United States of America was not injured by them , inasmuch as the exports of the years 1809 and 1810 to the United States exceeded the exports of the two former years to the value of about a million , and the exports of the years 1809 and 1810 to the whole of America , exceeded the exports of the two former years by nine millions . If a committee were to be appointed , he did not know what better authority they could go upon than this printed report of the inspector-general of the customs . Against such a document as this , he thought the private information of a few individual merchants , however respectable , would not be sufficient to carry the committee over to their opinions . If such a committee were appointed , they would have before them gentlemen of different sides : some deeply connected with the American trade , and entertaining naturally certain prejudices in consequence of this connection ; while other gentlemen , connected with the trade to the continent of Europe , would have prejudices of an opposite nature . He must own , that he could not anticipate any thing from their discordant opinions and conflicting prejudices , which would in any degree remove the distress from the country , op give relieve to the manufacturers of Yorkshire . After the question had been considered in its commercial bearings , it must afterwards be considered as affecting the belligerent powers ; for well , indeed , might America and other nations charge us with directing our policy on principles of sordid avarice , if we were to calculate a question of this importance to the trade of the world , solely on the ground of profit or loss to ourselves . If the