one independent nation ought to confide in another . The right hon . gentleman had talked of our maritime rights being insulted , and that was a cry which , whenever raised , would always rouse feelings of indignation in the country . He should be sorry to witness any improper insensibility on this important subject , but before raising the cry , it was important to consider the justice of it . Our maritime rights were great words for a toast at a public dinner at all times ; but when used as they had recently been , he should expect at least to hear the meaning of such a flourish . The three points referring to this topic were , 1st , the impressment of seamen ; 2dly , the rule of war of 1756 ; and 3dly , the blockade . America said , that the rule of 1756 was not consonant to the law of nations ; but yet she had submitted to its operation , which had not caused any very serious discussions . As to the case of the seamen , she said that it was a very great hardship to have her ships stopped on the seas , and the men taken out , yet she had submitted to it , making only complaints , but not retaliations . It was unquestionably a great hardship , but it was a claim , he admitted , that under all the circumstances of our situation we could not safely give up . As to the blockades , the correspon- 1131 dence of Messrs. Foster and Monroe shewed that there was an agreement on that point by their defining a blockade to be such as must be made with an adequate force . There was , therefore , in those points , no dispute of a nature to bring from America language which she had not held at all times , and under all circumstances . The claims of America on Florida he thought as unjustifiable , as the conduct of Buonaparté to other nations , or of any governor of the East Indies to the nabobs in that quarter . Here we were certainly justified in our opposition . The present system of our trade was , to render our whole commerce with Europe a system of licences , which encouraged frauds to a shameful degree . Formerly the intention of a licence was to prevent injury to the government ; but now it went to direct and controul merchants in their own business . The right hon . gentleman said , that the frauds were not increased by the licences ; but it was very difficult to believe that , when licences had increased from 1,600 to 18,000 a year , the increase of frauds did not keep pace with them . The scene had , indeed , now shifted . Formerly neutrals were persons living at Emden and other places ; now they were persons setting out hence under the immediate sanction of the government , on a sort of Quixotic expedition to all parts of Europe with fabricated papers and forged passports . But setting aside the morality of the question , the business itself was most ill conducted . Why could not trade in general be rendered subject to some general regulation , instead of to this partial System of licences ? He could not perceive any great objection to such a measure , if well considered . If the House would still persist in their support of the whole system of Orders in Council and licences , he yet thought that it would be most proper to go into a Committee , were it only to see how they could be generalized for the advantage of trade . He considered it almost impossible to select any number of competent persons out of the House who would not be of opinion , that the system ought to be materially changed ; and concluded by expressing his decided concurrence in the Motion . regretted that any discussion should have arisen on the subject of our present situation with America , a rupture