He did not care out of what fund they were to be paid ; he had separated the question of money from that of the constitution . And could any man doubt that this establishment was set on foot for the purpose of creating a separate influence . The right hon . gentleman had said , that the provision in the Regency Bill , by which it was enacted that parliament should be sitting for six weeks before the restrictions could expire , was introduced to give the legislature an opportunity of making an arrangement similar to that which he had now proposed . Now , he ( Mr. T. ) knew no such thing . It was stated at the time , to have been introduced to give his Majesty , if he should recover , an opportunity of resuming the royal authority with the same advisers as when he left it ; but it now seemed as if the project was , to make a bargain for not continuing the restrictions ; to stipulate , that , before they were taken off ; a separate court should be formed , at the head of which her Majesty was to be placed . Was this necessary ? He would not answer the question , but he would state a fact to the House : his Majesty 's illness had Continued for fifteen months , and , since the beginning of last July , the restrictions were not wanted ; for , from the evidence given by the physicians , before 170 the Committee , no hopes were entertained of his Majesty 's recovery after that period . What was the argument made use of when the Restrictions were proposed ? They were admitted to be , pro tanto , an infraction of the constitution ; but the necessity of the case was relied on What was that necessity ? The probability of his Majesty 's being able to resume his royal authority . The right hon . gentleman had said , `` I will propose them for a year ; but if before that time the case becomes hopeless , they may be taken off ? '' Now , mark the conduct he pursued . Ever since the middle of July , even Dr. Heberden had ceased to hope , and yet the right hon . gentleman postponed the meeting of parliament to such a period , as necessarily continued the restrictions longer than they otherwise would have existed . The right hon . gentleman ought to submit to the House and to the country his reasons for having extended that unconstitutional Bill , and they were all agreed that it was unconstitutional , one moment longer than was absolutely necessary.—Now , as to the necessity of the establishment , he would observe , that , during his illness , four lords of the bedchamber , and several other officers , were attached to his Majesty 's household . He would ask , did any of them ever appear before him , or give any thing like a regular attendance ? It was very astonishing , that while there was a hope of his Majesty 's recovery , none of them came near him ; but now , when the physicians were of opinion he could not get better , there must , forsooth , be a court formed round him . That was the plain matter of fact ; and , if the right hon . gent . could not answer it , he had made out no case.—He would say no more on this part of the subject at present , and he hoped he had said nothing to displease any person [ in a low tone— '' I do not mean my political opponents , but her Majesty . `` ] —He was anxious even to go out of the way , to guard himself from the possibility of misconception . With respect to the question of expence , it was clearly connected with the necessity of forming a second court ; for , if that was unnecessary , the expence of part of the establishment