these words , `` On seeing this act pass , many gentlemen who then took an active part in Catholic affairs , applied to the Secretary to know whether this was levelled against them ? '' I can state the words of major Hobart on the occasion . 'You are , ' said he , 'uneasy without cause ; the act has no retrospect to your late convention , for it is designed to prevent any general meeting of Irishmen , such as was held at 'Dungannon . '—Surely this authority is sufficient to set at rest , for ever , all doubt on the subject . But if the history of the law might lead the Catholics with reason to question the construction given to it by government , will not the letter of it give them further reason to do so ? Let us suppose a Catholic really wishing to form a fair judgment upon it , to read this act : will any man deny that he might have read it , and understood it according to the just construction to be given to the language contained in it , without thinking it unlawful to be a delegate or elect a delegate ; Every one must acknowledge , that if he gave to the word 'pretence ' the sense which it conveys in common parlance , he could not feel that he would commit the crime created by the act , by 632 electing , or acting as a delegate . But if such a Catholic should wish for a better interpretation of the law than his own mind could afford him , was it not possible for him to find opinions of lawyers , differing from the opinions of the crown lawyers , though of as great or even greater authority ? Might he not have rested his judgment on the `` provision of the act ? Under all these circumstances , therefore , I maintain the right hon . gentleman is not borne out in his charge ; that the Catholics wilfully and knowingly violated the law . Having now , Sir , found that the Catholics had good reasons for petitioning , that they had good reasons for appointing a delegated committee ; and that they had good reasons to doubt the construction given to the Convention act by the government , I would ask the House with what authority could a great officer of the crown , the Irish Attorney General , make use of the following language in his speech , on the trial of Dr. Sheridan ? `` I trespass on your time , in ardent expectation of allaying those discontents , and abating that fever and ferment , which treason and seditions have excited . I am sanguine in expecting that the result of the proceedings of this day will be to frustrate the designs of treason . `` — '' Many of them , by these arts and speeches , are working the work of the United Irishmen , in the cause of separation and revolution . `` — '' This National Convention , '' — '' This National Assembly . `` — '' I can not but conclude with the position on which I , originally set out , that this project is the plan of the design of some , whose object is the separation of the two countries—a revolution . '' This is the language which we find in a correct report of the speech of the Attorney General . I however appeal , with great confidence , to the House , for their judgment , that such language is not borne out by the conduct of the Catholics , but conveys insinuations against them altogether unfounded . The right hon . gentleman has thought proper to impute great blame to the Catholics for what he finds written in a pamphlet , which he calls a Report of a Committee of Grievances . The evidence by which he proves it to be such a report , is somewhat curious . He produces two pamphlets , and says , here is a pamphlet containing an account of