atrocious crime , worthy of the very highest punishment , and should therefore vote for the Bill . observed , that as the clause stood , it would appear , that a person tossing an old woman 's lace cushion into the fire would constitute a capital offence . He asked whether it was to be so understood ? did not think that such an act as that instanced by his hon . and learned friend could be prosecuted to conviction , because the bench and the jury would both be of opinion that the malicious intent to destroy that trade would not have been sufficiently made out . said , that if the case supposed by his hon . and learned friend did not come within the meaning of the act , he conceived that it might still operate in a manner in which it was not intended to act . If an individual in a passion should damage or injure one of his master 's tools used in that trade , as the clause at present stood , such conduct would come within the meaning of the act . It might be that in such a case the law would not be executed , but was it for parliament to make laws so cruel in their operations , that persons convicted on them were suffered to escape on that account ? He would submit it to the right hon . gentleman , whether it might not be better to alter it , by inserting the words `` any three or more combining maliciously to break , & c. '' thought , if the proposition of his bon . and learned friend were adopted , the mischief would not be put a stop to by this act , as the rioters at Nottingham had acted throughout with so much system and contrivance , that he had no doubt but if that amendment were made , they would evade the law , by sending into the different cottages one man only to destroy the frames . However they might regret that to which the letter of the law might by possibility lead , he thought they ought to proceed on the established principle of comprehending to a certainty , that which the law was intended to meet , at the risk of including what it was not designed to include . supported the amendment . objected to the generality of the word `` damaged , '' which he thought might be given up , as the Bill would be completely efficient without it . supported the clause as it stood , and was of opinion that the amendment 852 would destroy the effect of the Bill . thought that if the object of the Bill was merely to increase the punishment , the former act ought to be fallowed up to the letter in every thing else . supported the clause . apprehended that the object of the rioters was to prevent the work from going forward , and therefore maintained it was of the utmost consequence to check them . No inconvenience could follow from leaving a discretion to the judges . declined pressing the amendment . proposed a clause for the purpose of allowing the prisoners who should be tried under this act , the benefit of counsel . It was agreed upon all hands that the crime was great ; by some it was represented as approaching to high treason , a circumstance which must expose those who were accused of it to the indignation of the community ; but it occurred to him , that for that very reason the person to be tried should be afforded the privilege intended by his clause . All he asked was , that they should be placed on the same footing with those charged with misdemeanors . He never could find upon what principle persons tried for their lives were refused this benefit . It was stated by some , that the judge was counsel for the prisoner ; but the judge was bound to state what made against him as well as what made for him ; and