such steps as might 603 be necessary . He was not sure that it would not be necessary to apply to parliament for some additional powers , in order the more effectually to repress these disturbances . was not quite sure that he had understood the noble lord : what he meant was , that it was highly necessary that some inquiry should be instituted in parliament respecting these disturbances , particularly as they had ( if he was not much misinformed ) , within the last two or three weeks assumed a still more formidable character than they had hitherto displayed , and many days ought not to elapse before the inquiry was instituted . observed , that what he meant to have said was , that his Majesty 's government were now taking measures , which must bring the subject immediately before parliament . said , that as so many months had elapsed whilst ministers were in contemplation , it was highly expedient that they should not be allowed to contemplate any longer . contended , that the riots and disgraceful scenes which had occurred at Nottingham , might all be traced to the system and conduct of his Majesty 's ministers , in reducing the commerce of the country to a gambling speculation . It thence arose that there was a great demand for articles of manufacture one week , and none the next , and the persons employed had one week much higher wages than usual , and the next their wages were reduced far below the usual standard . Was it not to be expected that men thus reduced from high wages to a state of poverty , would become discontented and riotous ? He thought that parliament should not wait for any suggestion from ministers , but that they ought to institute an inquiry , to precede any measure suggested by ministers . hoped that this latter subject , which had originated with himself , 604 would not be thus thrown into the back ground . If it was to go to the Committee now proposed , the House could not expect to hear of it again during the present session . The system of transportation to New South Wales had now been proceeded in for 25 years , without any proof of the beneficial effects of it having been at any time submitted to the House . It was of the utmost importance , in a political point of view , and as it affected other countries . Those who escaped from New South Wales were well calculated to give a new character to the inhabitants of the South Sea islands , and to form dangerous nests of pirates . Being on this subject , he could not but advert to a circumstance which he thought well worthy of inquiry . When the subject of the Police of the metropolis was before the House , he had delivered it as his opinion , that the system of offering rewards for the discovery of offences was liable to great objection . An hon . gentleman , on that occasion , thought that the evil lay , in not making the rewards universal , proportioning them to the nature of the offence . He now observed , that an individual parish in Westminster had so far acted on this principle , as to offer a reward of 10 for the apprehension and conviction of every reputed thief . When it was considered that the only evidence required to the conviction of a reputed thief , was the oath of a Police officer , that he had found him waiting , or walking up and down in a public street or place , and that he believed him to be a reputed thief , he presumed the House would agree with him in thinking , that the assumption of such a power as this by the officers of any parish , however respectable , was a thing highly to be discountenanced ; and one to which , if not remedied , he should , on some future occasion , call the attention of the House in