he had espoused ; but even those facts which he had stated , he presumed to think , were sufficient to ground him in moving for the inquiry which he was now about to propose . At the time of the Reformation it was allowed that something ought to be done on this subject , and bishop Cranmer wrote a book to that effect Nothing however had since that time been 303 done , and he hoped the House would now make a beginning by agreeing to his present motion . The noble lord concluded with moving , `` That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the state of the jurisdiction of the inferior Ecclesiastical Courts , and to consider whether any reformation is necessary to be made therein , and to report their opinion to the House . '' observed , that the statement of his noble friend pointed out many radical objections to the state of the law , but not to the administration of it as practised in the court , over which a learned judge , whom he had now in his view , presided . He agreed that it would be desirable that the law should not continue as it was , in many of the respects alluded to by his noble friend . But still , such was the law , and an inquiry into the proceedings of inferior ecclesiastical courts would not have the effect of doing away the evil . The evils complained of in a great measure arose from the jealousy of the courts of common law , in regard to the proceedings of the ecclesiastical courts , which compelled them to have recourse to a circuitous mode of giving effect to their decisions . If the ecclesiastical courts had proper authority to enforce their decisions , the expences would be small , and the effects of their sentences would be infinitely less burdensome than they were now felt to be . By the act of the 5th Elizabeth , the writ 'de excommunicato capiendo ' was first returnable to the court of King 's Bench : this caused an additional expence . The fact was then certified to the ecclesiastical court , and then a writ for the delivery of the party arrested into the hands of the ecclesiastical tribunal was issued . Thus the anxiety which the courts of common law felt for the liberty of the subject , as far as the ecclesiastical courts were concerned , enhanced the matter of costs , and produced an evil very inadequate to the original offence . It appeared to him to be desirable that this law , as it now stood , should be reviewed , and also that no person should have any sort of ecclesiastical authority committed to him , who was not fully conversant in ecclesiastical matters . The appointment of a Committee , however , could not give relief in any one of the points to which his noble friend had alluded.—There was one subject to which his noble friend had referred which he confessed seemed to him to be of very great importance ; namely , that persons were appointed to exercise ecclesias- 304 tical authority in inferior jurisdictions , without possessing the requisite qualifications . The statute required that no Chancellors or other officers of inferior jurisdiction should be appointed , unless they were persons skilled in the civil law , and also in the practice of it . This enactment , however , was not only eluded , but it was expressly disobeyed . He had in his eye an hon . and learned friend of his , who filled the principal judicial situation in our supreme ecclesiastical court ( sir William Scott ) ; and he could only say , that if all the ecclesiastical jurisdictions in the kingdom were equally attended to , we should hear of no complaints such as those now stated to the House by the noble lord . The clause in the statute provided , That no person should be qualified for any ecclesiastical office of a judicial nature , unless he were 26 years of