nor the hon . member who had seconded him , in that course which he had pursued , and which he had commenced his speech by stating it was his intention cautiously to avoid . He could not agree , however , that the mode which was proposed on this occasion was an expedient form of proceeding , nor did the views which he took on the subject lead him to an opinion , that any proceeding of this kind was at all advisable . He regarded the motion of the hon . baronet , indeed , as one which would place the House in a situation of all others the most embarrassing . He knew , indeed , that similar motions had been often before made , and he knew too , that they had seldom or never been acceded to . He believed that such motions had been generally rejected on grounds that appeared to his mind quite satisfactory . It would at least be a more intelligible proposition if , instead of this extended inquiry , involving amidst an infinite variety of questions , many not only of the most important and interesting but of the most delicate nature , some specific proposition upon a distinct subject had been submitted , and the House required to take it into consideration . Such an inquiry as the House was now called upon to enter 1008 into , embraced not only questions which had been the subject of past , but many that were to form the subject of future discussions . Among these was the state of Ireland , and the considerations connected with that country , which he did not see the possibility of taking out of the reach and view of a committee so appointed.—A motion had lately been made by an hon . member , he had no doubt with the best intentions , for the production of papers relative to the differences with America , and these papers had been refused . Was the House , then , to be persuaded to do that which it so lately thought it improper to do ? It was not inconsistent , he admitted , in those hon . members who supported that motion , to wish for an enquiry that would necessarily involve the former , but it certainly was a just consideration to press upon the House which had pronounced it inexpedient.—There was another point of infinite magnitude , and of near relation to the last , which could not , any more than the other questions , be excluded from the attention of a committee sitting in review of the whole foreign and domestic situation , and interests of the country ; namely , the Orders in Council . An hon . and learned gentleman ( Mr. Brougham ) whom he did not then see in his place , of great talents and extensive information , had given notice of bringing this subject before the House , and was it therefore incumbent on the House to anticipate that discussion which would naturally take place in its proper lime ? As to the general aspect of affairs , he really could not bring himself to view them in the same gloomy light as the hon . mover and seconder of the proposition before the House . He was far from having any wish to disguise the difficulties of the country , and far from any disposition to shut his eyes to its dangers . It was his desire to look them in the face , not indeed by a confession of weakness , but by an exertion of strength . It was , he believed he might assume , pretty generally admitted , that the war in which we were engaged was one into which we had been forced ( hear , hear ! from the Opposition benches ) . He imagined he understood the meaning of that cry . But he was justified , he conceived , in at least saying , that the country at large was satisfied of the necessity of the war at the period of its commencement , as well