perhaps , were not aware , that they formed three strong , good , and efficient regiments . With respect to their general conduct since 1803 , when they were first liberated , many testimonies were furnished . He had made many inquiries , and he found that their general conduct was very good ; as soldiers they would not yield to any regiment for efficiency . In `` the year 1807 , colonel Gordon , then private secretary to the Commander in Chief , was at the bead of 1256 one of the regiments , and he spoke in high terms of that regiment when in Alderney and Guernsey . In a letter , which the right hon . Secretary read , they were stated to have received the thanks of the inhabitants of those islands for their good conduct , and it was stated , that out of the whole regiment , only two had attempted to desert . He then referred to the Gazette of the 6th of March , 1810 , in which general Beckwith speaks in the highest terms of the Royal York Rangers , another of these regiments : and in general orders returns thanks to brigadier-general Wale and major Henderson , the commander , for the gallantry displayed in the conquest of Guadaloupe , and for the discipline which the regiment had evinced on this and former occasions during the last campaign . Any regiment might be proud to have been mentioned with such honour as that by which the York Rangers had been distinguished . He allowed he had been told by a gallant general , that offence had been given by allowing so many men from the hulks to enter into one regiment . He was sorry for it , and he was sure that by no one was it more regretted than by the illustrious personage at the head of the army . It was intended that it should not be known from what quarter these unfortunate persons had proceeded ; unluckily , however , it transpired . But he trusted that no regiment could feel disgraced by the association of individuals who had shewn so much contrition for their former errors , and who had so well redeemed the pledge which they had given of future good conduct . As the present motion could tend only to revive unpleasant considerations , with respect to those unfortunate individuals , he for one must give it his most decided negative . If the hon . and learned gentleman could bring forward any particular case of impropriety in the granting of a pardon , he would most readily meet him upon it . He was not aware , however , of the existence of any such . He might have erred , but he had really used all possible diligence to ascertain the merits of the individuals in question , before he offered any advice with respect to them to the crown . It would have been much better for the public service , and for those unfortunate persons , had this discussion not taken place . He had deprecated it when the hon . and learned gentleman gave notice of the motion , and he trusted it would go no further . thought , that it would be 1257 much better if such persons were placed at first in those particular corps , which had been set apart for them . In that case , if they behaved well , it might be allowed to them , as a great reward for their good conduct , to enter into some regular regiment of the line . This would be a great reward to them , as persons sent into those condemned regiments generally despaired of seeing their connections again . He instanced a case within his own knowledge , where one of those men , from good behaviour , had been allowed to go into another regiment , and was now in the confidential situation of pay-serjeant . He conceived , that it would not be considered nearly so degrading to the regular regiments , to have men come in among