Majesty 's household , it was much better that there should have been but one , were it only for the sake of avoiding complexity . He was far from wishing that the Prince Regent should not enjoy every facility for discharging all engagements on his justice or his honour , but it certainly did appear that his Royal Highness would , upon a full balance , receive 70,000l . per annum more than his Majesty had been accustomed to receive . said , that I he did not clearly comprehend what it was that he was called upon to explain by the hon . gentleman . He did not even know after all the hon . gentleman had said , whether both their views of the subject were not alike . The hon . gentleman , however , seemed to labour under one particular error , which was , that 70,000l . additional was demanded from the public for the establishment of his Majesty 's 189 household alone . The fact was that the additional 70,000l . was granted in view of the establishments both of his Majesty and the Prince Regent ; and when the hon . gentleman had candidly declared , that he did not think such an additional grant extravagant , he was at a loss to conceive the aim or strength of his objection . If he understood it at all , it must have been that the hon . gentleman complained of the additional grant of 70,000l . when the Civil List was given over to the Prince Regent in a diminished state of 50,000l . He should endeavour , as briefly and explicitly as he could , to explain what he said last night on this point ; and he hoped that the hon . member would then see the state of the case in a satisfactory manner . In the firs place , 100,000l . was to be taken from the Civil List , which , with the 70,000l . additional grant , would be appropriated for the establishment of the king . To supply part of this deficiency of 100,000l . in the Civil List , 50,000l . was to be taken from the Exchequer revenue of the Heir Apparent , and added to it ; and instead of extinguishing the residue of this revenue , 53,000l . of it were to be continued to be received by the Prince Regent , and the other 17,000l . were to go as usual to the Princess . So that in fact the diminution of the Civil List was in contemplation of the more contracted expences which the smaller family of the Prince Regent would only render necessary ; and the continuance of the 53,000l . to the Prince Regent of his Exchequer allowance , was in the view of its being just and necessary for his Royal Highness to satisfy those honourable obligations at which the hon . gentleman had hinted . The cause of adding the 50,000l . from the Exchequer allowance , to meet the deficiency of the Civil List , Was to satisfy the ordinary charges of Lord Steward , Lord Chamberlain , and others , usually paid out of that fund . This was all the explanation which he had to offer the hon . gentleman on that part of the subject.—Another hon . gentleman had made some observations on the appropriation of the Droits of the Admiralty , to satisfy the general deficiency of the Civil List ; and had alluded , with no little degree of severity , to what he called the distribution of that species of property , by ministers among their relatives , and dependants . If a history of the grants made from this fund should be required by parliament , he had for himself to say , that he 190 would give every information in his power on the subject , in the fullest and freest manner . But he must say , that he never heard any of the grants made from that fund animadverted on before with any particular severity in that House . There certainly was one grant