in matters of religion , could influence the minds of men in mere considerations of policy ; some other reasons must therefore be sought for continuing the exclusion of the Catholics , but none now remained . Whatever might have been the justice of the policy which formerly excluded them from the pale of the constitution , the considerations which dictated that exclusion , had long ceased to operate . The policy which dictated the enactment of disabilities upon the Catholics must be sought for in the latter end of the reign of Charles the second ; at that period a sense of danger had justly been raised in the public mind in consequence of the well known disposition of James duke of York , the presumptive heir to the crown ; his well known propensity to arbitrary power , and the support which he received from the Catholic body , raised a just alarm : and the restrictions upon that body , which were then agreed to by parliament , were founded upon well ascertained considerations of their necessity to the public safety . The subsequent conduct of James duke of York , when he succeeded to the throne , fully justified all the precautionary measures which the parliament had previously adopted , and at the same time displayed the futility of his attempts to obtain that arbitrary power which he sought . During the life of that Prince also , after his , abdication , the support which he received from the Catholic body might justify the continuance of those restrictions . The same might perhaps be said with respect to the Pretender , his son , or supposed son . But for a long long time this family had become utterly extinct , and no possible reason could be drawn from the consideration that operated with reference to that family , for now continuing the disabilities of the Catholics . With what justice , then , or with what view of policy could it be contended that so large a proportion of his Majesty 's subjects should be excluded from the rights and privileges enjoyed by their fellow citizens ? Shut out from the offices of state , excluded from parliament , denied professional advancement , and refused promotion to the higher ranks in the army and the navy , what must be the consequence , but the engendering a mass of discontent , which must necessarily divide and distract the empire . 411 The parliament of Ireland had seen the policy and the necessity of conciliating this large proportion of his Majesty 's subjects , and had wisely passed acts , restoring the great mass of the Catholic population to the pale of the constitution , and allowing them the rights exercised by their fellow-citizens . These concessions , so far from producing any evil , had produced the most beneficial effects . The lower order of the Catholics , thus restored to their rights , had , in the exercise of their elective franchise , gone hand in hand with their Protestant brethren , and the utmost harmony amongst both was the result , without the slightest tinge of discord arising from any difference of religion . Still , however , notwithstanding this , the higher orders of the Catholics were excluded from parliament , and from those offices and that advancement to which they had an equal claim with their Protestant brethren . Could any reason now exist for this exclusion ? Was it to be believed , after the good conduct displayed by the lower orders of the Catholics , that the higher orders of that body , after being restored to their rights and privileges , would not be equally disposed to act with the same harmony and good fellowship as their brethren of a different religion ? The supposition would be monstrous and absurd , and could not for a moment be upheld . He could not , therefore , discover any , even the slightest reason for the continuance of those disabilities under which the Catholics so heavily laboured , and which naturally and necessarily tended to produce irritation and