the House to saddle itself with an inquiry so extensive , so useless , and so inconvenient to the individuals concerned ? He did not pretend to say , that the constitution of these courts might not be improved : in his opinion , a diminution of their number would be of service ; but it was not a question which 309 could be discussed at present . As to the particular punishment by excommunication , he would wish some other were substituted in its place ; and he believed that was the general wish of those who practised in the ecclesiastical courts . It appeared to him to be quite an abuse of a religious ceremony , and that it would not be difficult to find out a substitute for it which would be more efficacious , less expensive , less oppressive , and Jess unseemly . It appeared to him , upon the whole , that no case had been made out to call for so serious an enquiry ; and he rather feared , that the facility of the noble lord had been imposed upon by malignant representations from other quarters . , in what he was about to lay , had not the smallest idea of treating with disrespect those courts which formed the subject matter of discussion ; connected as they were with the profession to which he had the honour to belong . But the arguments adduced by the right hon . gentleman had not satisfied his mind of the propriety of refusing all inquiry , nor did he conceive the motion to be of that extensive nature which had been asserted . It was true , the motion was for an inquiry into the state of the inferior Ecclesiastical Courts ; and if , in order to satisfy that , it was necessary to examine every court of that description in the kingdom , that each of them was to be investigated , and a report delivered on their respective situation ; if that were the case , the duty of the committee would be indeed extensive and laborious . But this was not the fact ; nor could it strike any person 's mind in that point of view . The business of the committee would be , of course , in the first instance , to investigate the cases immediately before them , to examine the state of the courts out of which they had issued—and not to go through every court in the country . It had been argued , that a very serious case should be established before a court was called , upon to hold up its hand , as a culprit , at the bar of public opinion ; but , in his opinion , no imputation had been levelled at any court whatever ; and , when cases of extreme hardship , for so the right hon . gentleman himself had designated them , were laid before parliament , was it not the duty of the House to see whether they had arisen from a defective state of the law , or from the misconduct of those who administered it ? He did not believe that those cases originated in the improper behaviour of any 310 individual , but from the constitution of the Ecclesiastical Courts , and the faulty situation of the law . And what had fallen from the right hon . gentleman on that part of this subject , must have made a great impression on every gentleman who heard him . That right hon . gentleman in the conclusion of his speech had distinctly expressed himself in favour of an alteration of the existing law . The House had heard in what decisive language the present state of that law had been condemned , and he trusted it would be an additional inducement with the House to assent to the motion , that the Committee would enjoy the powerful assistance of the right hon . gentleman in carrying the requisite improvements into effect . There would be then no hazard of any cry of innovation , because the right hon . gentleman