because much more pregnant with mischievous consequences , and that was the case of Mr. Pitt advancing 40,000l . of the public money to Messrs. Boyd and Benfield , two of the host of voters at hi * beck—the greatness of the individual in that House might have then protected him—he might have been saved , perhaps , by a majority of such votes as he influenced in this way : they had heard of late enough to shew that such influence did exist ; for what else could be meant by drawing the distinction between what ought , and what was not to be considered as a cabinet measure : but of this transaction of Mr. Pitt , he had always entertained the same opinion , and thought it a gross abuse of his public duty under the shameless pretence of supporting the public credit— ( Hear , hear , from the ministerial benches ! ) If it was for the support of public credit , he could only say that it did not tend to support the credit of that House with the public . ( Hear , hear ! ) If the hon . gentleman who had preceded him in the debate , thought that House to be made of a collection of—he knew not how to name them—if there were any or many such : persons in that House , or in the country , that would be with him a tenfold reason why the evil should be stopped before it proceeded to such excess , unless they should go on the principle , that where roguery was so general , it was more prudent to pass it over . And this reminded him of that part of the dialogue between lady Macduff and the child—her son asks , `` and must they ail be hanged that swear and lie ? '' Lady Macduff replies in the affirmative . `` Who must hang them , '' demands the child . `` Why , the * See Vol . 9 , pp . 733 , 734 . * 1191 honest men . '' Upon which the child observes , '' then the liars and swearers are fools , for there are liars and swearers enough to beat the honest , and hang up them . `` —The hon . baronet concluded , by observing , that he had endeavoured , then , to explain his opinions , and the reasons of the vote he should give , which was on no other ground than his abhorrence of the conduct of Mr. Walsh . If the House had any power of expulsion , they had a right to exercise it in getting rid of one , who , in public esteem , was evidently and totally unworthy to remain in their society . This was his opinion , who could not be supposed to entertain any very high notions on the subject of the power and privileges of that assembly . said , he could not see how the House could punish a man merely for moral guilt , unless they went on a broader scale , and visited the higher crimes : otherwise they might act severely to the poor , and mildly towards the rich . He did not dispute that Mr. Walsh 's act might be highly criminal ; but it was not so in the eye of the law . The indefinite epithet `` disgraceful '' was emphatically attached to it : he did not deny its propriety ; but how many different opinions might there not exist as to the applications of that term , according to the different feelings of different people ? He recollected in Mrs. Macauley 's History , an anecdote of Henry Martin , one of the regicides , who was caned in the lobby of the House of Commons by the earl of Northumberland , for opening a letter of his lordship 's at the post office * ; and the historian expressed her wonder that the House of Commons did not expel him for submitting to it . She thought it disgraceful . Some persons might think