what had been previously rejected , and to restate what had often before been stated in vain ; and thus his mission was only productive of disappointment . He ( Mr. Whitbread ) purposely abstained from a discussion of the policy of the Orders of Council . Whether they were good or had , and whether the Berlin and Milan decrees were or were not repealed , were questions 769 which would in a few days be brought before that House by an honourable friend of his , when he hoped an attendance more proportioned to the importance of the subject would be given . He would confine himself to asking for that which was necessary to the House , preparatory to their entering into the subject which his hon . friend would bring forward . He only called for that which was necessary to a decision , which ( as he thought ) , must soon be formed on ministers , who , ( in his opinion ) , had brought this country to the verge of a war with America . The last letter which had passed between Mr. Foster and Mr. Munroe , which had been published , was dated October 31 , 1811 , and he begged to be understood to ask for nothing which had not been printed . The message of the President was sent to Congress on the 5th of November following , and on the 10th , a committee on foreign relations made a report of an unfavourable nature for this country , and there was no doubt but it was the feeling of America , that the mission of Mr. Foster had been totally ineffectual , and was in point of fact terminated . Under these circumstances his humble motion would only call for what had here already been made public . He was sorry to say it , but the correspondence between the two governments was so voluminous , and the novelty was so completely worn off , that to those who were most deeply interested in the question of peace or war between the two countries , it must be very tiresome to read , and in consequence of that , he was afraid but few gave to it the attention it merited . He did not mean to throw any reflection on the talents of the correspondents on either side , as when a correspondence had been carried on for years on the same subject , it was totally impossible to make it otherwise than palling . On the important question of peace or war with America , the House was not called upon to decide that night ; he only called upon them to demand that information which could alone enable them to decide on that great question . They could not properly decide on it without having the papers for which he called in a technical shape to refer to on their table . However little might be felt on this subject in that House , out of doors its importance was well known , and no small interest was token even in the success of the motion he was about to make . Whether England had acted unjustly towards America , or whether America had 770 acted unjustly towards England ; whether the blame ought to be thrown upon France or upon England , or upon America , he did not call upon them to decide . Whatever was really the case , and whether the Ordersin Council were wise or unwise ; whether they had been acted up to , or whether to act up to them had been found impracticable , were things which he would not call in question ; but of this , he believed nobody could doubt , that great commercial distress had been experienced , and that if the market of America were to be thrown open to us , it would be felt to be a great and signal blessing . War with America , it was equally obvious , would be a , great evil : and war once commenced , no man could tell what might