allowable only on an original motion . hoped that by degrees this punishment might in time be abolished , but declared that it was impracticable to govern any large body of men without having the power of recourse to it . He believed , however , that much of the mischief as to this punishment of flogging , especially in the navy , had been caused by the influence of that House . Great parliamentary interest had enabled the first families in the kingdom to force their children into the service , who were too young to understand the authority entrusted to them . Many of them insisted on their decks being as clean and as shining as the floor of a drawing room in the summer season , and that their ' kitchen utensils should be scoured as bright as silver , with a variety of other useless and fantastic commands ; and if such commands were not obeyed , they flogged severely those who had those articles in charge . The discipline of the navy depended on the commanding officer of each ship ; and if they continued to flog for such offences the navy must soon go to ruin . It was going , he said , as fast as possible . Gentlemen might think otherwise , but he knew it to be true , and he was afraid they would all be convinced of it too soon . The family interest he had alluded to prevailed also to such a degree , that even the Lords of the Admiralty had lists made out ; and when an officer went to offer his service , or to solicit promotion for services performed , he was asked—are you recommended by my lady this , or miss that , or madam t'other ; and if he was not , he might as well have staid at home . He could not , however , vote for the motion . It would be better to look to those to whom power was trusted , than to take away the power of punishing altogether . If it were so taken away , it would ruin the service . The best men in the navy would say so , and if put to the vote among the sailors , he was sure the decision would be in favour of the present mode of punishment , but they would tell the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty that they ought to be commanded by persons of experience , and not by young men appointed by parliamentary influence , or any other influence . He hoped he should see the practice of flogging 1291 abolished , while the power of inflicting it was suffered to remain . was almost in doubt after what he had heard , whether the noble lord , as the debate had run to a considerable length , bad not had a dream while it was going on . In the first instance , he had stated that the sailors were foolishly employed in cleaning the deck , & c. ; that in consequence , frequent punishments were inflicted , and this through the appointment of young officers ; and finally , he had spoken of a register being kept at the Admiralty for the recommendations of lords and ladies . In each instance the charge preferred was unfounded . He did not know where the noble lord had been since he left the service , nor where he gained his information , but there was no foundation for any one of his statements . He regretted that the noble lord had relinquished the command of one of the finest frigates in the service ( why , he professed himself at a loss to tell ) , for employments in which he was by no means likely to prove so eminently useful to his country . With respect to the mode of promotion in the navy , he did not know of what time the noble lord was speaking—whether of the present or of the time of his own promotion . He did not know whether his promotion had been hastened