laid against them for having disregarded the 33d of the King , by which a muster of the crew of a privateer before sailing is enacted . On the letter of this law they were convicted ; the 10,000l . stopped , and the 15,000l . recovered , all of which had become Droits of Admiralty . The mere ignorance of the law was not admitted as an excuse : and the result to Mr. Jacob was costs to the amount of 1,700l . and utter ruin . From having been in a respectable trade , be was thrown into gaol , and reduced to poverty . It might be right for the House to be informed on what sort of authority it was that the money paid on account of the capture by the Daphne had been recalled , and Mr. Jacobs and his family reduced to beggary . It was not at the suggestion of a common informer , or of a qui tam attorney , but on evidence procured by a reverend clergyman—the Rev . W. B. Daniels , who had been in confinement for debt , and reduced to the condition of the primitive Christians , after publishing a work on Field Sports , in which he , as well as many of his brethren , were known so peculiarly to excel ( hear , hear ! ) He did not mean to cast any general reflection on the numerous respectable members of the church of England ; but certain it was that Mr. Daniels formed no addition to their respectability , for after other trades had failed , he turned a broker in evidence , and procured two men , of the names of Thatcher and Guzman , one of whom had been convicted of perjury , and the other had been flogged at the cart 's tail , to swear as much as was necessary to support his charge . For this signal service , the worthy and reverend gentleman had received from government no less than 5,077l . and the first of his witnesses 87l . 13s . 7d . as a `` gratuity for evidence given . `` —The hon . and learned gentleman then contrasted the case of Mr. Jacob with that of sir Home Popham , who had been reimbursed . They had both , he said , embarked in illegal voyages , and both said without knowing that fact : fifty seven members of that House had disbelieved sir Home Popham on this point , and perhaps as many would doubt Mr. Jacob . Sir Home 's vessel had been condemned , bat On a report from the King 's proctor , 21,610l . was restored to him , while Mr. Jacob , having no interest , was compelled to put up with the loss of his all . The latter had , indeed , smuggled a little tobacco on shore , as the former had foot chests of tea , in 954 which point they were both alike , only that Mr. Jacob was not on board at the time of the transaction , which sir Home Popham was . It would be endless for him to enter into all similar cases , which could not be discussed in the House , and were only fit for inquiry in the Committee he wished to be appointed . Under the second branch of his subject , he should mention with regret the grant of 932l . to sir William Scott , `` for services in deciding upon cases relative to American captures . '' He was firmly convinced that the wealth of the Indies could not induce that learned judge to condemn a single cock-boat contrary to justice ; but the words in which the item was stated were peculiarly disgusting , and implied what there was not the slightest reason to believe . In the United States , however , they would not meet with so just an interpretation , where the natives were already strongly prejudiced against what they termed the unwarrantable and flagrant injustice of the British court of Admiralty.—Other articles , however , thrust themselves