of that great authority lord Mansfield , was evident from the case of Macbeath v. Haldi-mand , 1 Term Rep. 172 ; but he would go still higher , and would , appeal to the authority of Magna Charta itself . Though that act vested the funds for the whole civil administration in the crown , yet it specified their application to public purposes . During the times of the Plantagenets , about 40,000l . was the amount of the regalia of the crown ; and that sum , with the feudal services and accidental ' supplies , generally bore all the yearly delivered upon the case by the Judges . In volume 6 , p. 906 of the same work , is related a very curious anecdote respecting the Opinion of Sir George Croke . 248 expences of the state : but now , when instead of '10,000l . there were millions upon millions alleged to be vested in the crown : and when instead , of feudal services or acidental supplies , the country voted annually the money for defraying the public expence , was the House to be told that those millions were not to be considered applicable to the general purposes of the state ? The next argument used by the hon . and learned gentleman , was drawn from the fact of parliament having , at various times in our history , interfered with the prerogative of the crown , when that prerogative turned into abuse ; and he particularly mentioned the taking away of the temporalities of bishops from the crown , after the crown had made shameful and lavish uses of them . In the 9th of Henry 3 , chap . 5 , and in the Statute of Westminster the First in the reign of Edward I , laws were passed to restrain the prodigal grants of those temporalities , —temporalities which were then as much vested in the crown as the Droits of the Admiralty were now . In the time of William and Mary , a similar encroachment was made on the prerogative of mines ; and in the reign of queen . Anne , when that illustrious princess , greatly to her honour , thought of granting away the Tenths and First-Fruits from the crown , she recognised the right of parliament to interfere with the alienation of that property . In the 12th year of the reign of Charles 2 also , when it was thought inconsistent with '' the liberties of the people , that the oppressive right of purveyance should continue as a right of the crown , that purveyance was abolished . But there was nothing more material than what occurred in the preamble of the 6th of queen Anne , ch . 25 , which after enumerating the evils resulting from the repeated alienation ' of the crown lands , went on to enact , that no alienation should be made for more than three lives , or thirty-one years , for the purpose of relieving the people from all burthens in carrying on war . Did not that shew that those lands were vested in the crown , for the benefit of the people . And here he would ask , too , of his honourable friends , whether there appeared any grounds for an opinion they seemed to entertain a few evenings since of an understanding or bargain between the Prince Regent and the parliament , relative to certain claims ? ( see p . 168 . ) If any of the crown lands were considered the sole 249 and separate estate of the crown , this act would have failed in the outset ; it would have been reprobated as an invasion of the royal prerogative . At different times subsequent to this period , parliament had interfered with different branches of the revenue of the crown ; but he would only advert to the 35th of his present Majesty , which directed the commissioners of Dutch prizes to pay the prize-droits into the hank of England , and not to the crown , Why did it not occur that this