? It was the working principle of the English law ; and there was at least the evidence , that however sanguinary its language might be , its discretionary practice was mild . The mode of detection was attended to in a clause of the Bill . But even if the detection had been hitherto difficult , was it to be said that this Bill would produce no effect ? Did it not argue an ignorance of human nature to say that while detection was never absolutely impossible , men would not be more afraid of being detected when the punishment was to be more exemplary , and that thus the terror which the Bill held before them would not be a restraint . Even the smallness of the means of detection made it more important to use those restraints which we had in our power , and those were to be found in terror . argued , that it was not because some discretion must necessarily be left to to a judge , that therefore they were to legislate , leaving all to his discretion . It ought still to be a question as to how much discretion was to be left to the judge . stated his intention of proposing amendments , to leave out the word ' damage , and to insert in different parts of the Bill respecting cutting and destroying frames , utensils , work , & c. ' with intent to destroy or render useless , ' in order more clearly to define the offence . moved to insert words , for the purpose of confining the punishment to offences done in conspiracy and combination . contended , that in order to reach combinations , they must aim at the acts of individuals , and argued that in legislating for the punishment of crimes , much must , of necessity , be left to the discretion of the judge , and that this was proved by constant experience . replied , that the language he had employed flowed from the feeling by which his mind was impressed . If that feeling was strong , it was excited by the indiscreet measure now brought forward , and the noble lords on the other side were the only persons to be blamed for exciting it , or for its consequences . supported the amendment on the ground that a discretion would be left in the hands of the judge , painful to him , and perhaps injurious to the prisoner in the exercise . moved an amendment , making the attempt to destroy frames only a misdemeanor instead of a felony without benefit of clergy , which was agreed to . suggested , that it should not be imperative upon the person injured to proceed immediately before a magistrate to prosecute , provided he could shew reasonable cause for his delay . presented a Petition from the Catholics of the county of Tipperary . The presentation of this Petition was to him a most pleasing duty , because it proceeded not from the Catholics only , but had the support of every one of his constituents , whether Protestant or of any other religious persuasion . Before he should move that the Petition do he on the table , he begged leave to trouble the House with a few observations . It had been for a considerable time in his possession , but he thought it more prudent to defer its presentation until the period of the cessation of the restrictions on the Prince Regent should have arrived . This was merely according with the wishes of the Catholics themselves ; for they did hope , and they had reason to hope , that some change of men as well as measures would then take place ; but they had been disappointed , the `` new era '' had arrived , but their wishes bad not , unfortunately , found a reality in the choice which had been made . The peace and tranquillity of the empire was still without an anchor ; the Catholics had been disappointed , and the country was in danger .