law courts , which certainly had formerly existed in a considerable degree ; but now that the general feeling seemed in favour of such a measure , he had no doubt that his right hon . friend would undertake it with great pleasure . proceeded to ask , whether it was the pleasure of the House that the motion should be withdrawn ? when observed , that the original ground of his motion was the case of the unfortunate woman , whose relief and release was sought by it ; he would , therefore , wish to have something arranged on that subject . had intended bringing before the House a motion for extending the provision of the 50 Geo . 3 , ch . 85 , regulating the taking of securities in offices in England , to all parts of the kingdom ; but as he understood the subject was to be brought forward by another 320 hon . gentleman , he should defer his motion for the present . He would now , however , call the attention of the House to another subject , of which he had given notice . The right hon . gentleman then , after a few appropriate observations , moved for leave to bring in a Bill `` to exempt from payment of any duty on legacies all bequests for the education or maintenance of any poor children , or for the support of widows or other poor persons , or for the support of any charitable institution , within the united kingdom ; and also from the payment of the duty on advertisements any advertisement or notice of any meeting to be held for such charitable purposes , or of the receipt of subscriptions or donations on such account . '' entertained a doubt as to the principle and policy of the regulations of the right hon . hon . baronet . It was not advisable to recognise the policy of encouraging bequests of the description alluded to , because any person on his death-bed might give to a charity that portion of his property which his immediate relations were entitled to . The legislature was not called on to administer to the wishes of such persons . These persons might be surrounded by those whose interest it was to induce the testators to will their property to the prejudice of their relations and nearest of kin . With respect to the publishers of newspapers , they undoubtedly charged what they conceived necessary for the insertion of advertisements relating to public charities , and to interfere with them was improper . The whole of the suggestions of the right hon . baronet , if attended to , would be accompanied by such inconvenience , that the measure would produce no benefit , but must be both inexpedient and disadvantageous . did not wish pertinaciously to press a measure which he had thought it his duty to bring forward , as the right hon . gentleman was not disposed to concur with him . rose to enter his solemn protest against that clause which had for its object the suspension of the intercourse between England and Ireland . He charged that section with being in direct violation of the solemn compact entered into 321 between the two Countries , and he called upon the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer to assign his reasons , if such he had , for venturing to break in upon the act of Union , which he had not yet dared to deny . The hon . member then read the 2nd section of the 6th article of the act of Union , and on that foundation , claimed a right on behalf of the distillers of Ireland , to bring their spirit extracted from grain into the British market , notwithstanding the distillation of spirits from corn in Great Britain were prohibited . What , he inquired , might be the consequence of this flagrant infringement ? The violation of one part of this solemn compact might in future times be quoted as an authority for breaking in upon another . The right