treating the people of England in a manner to which their long sufferings do not entitle them . thought the hon . gentleman had entirely forgot what had passed in the last century , for if he would refer to the act , he would see that it authorised what was now complained of , and therefore his arguments fell to the ground . The hon . gentleman maintained , that there was not the same danger now from the introduction of foreign soldiers as formerly , because the army had been materially increased since then . He was of opinion that great confidence ought to be placed in those who now conducted the administration of public affairs . took notice of several items in the present estimates , the result of which was , that there appeared an excess of 600,000l . above the amount voted last year . He thought this an extraordinary increase , when he found that only 1,900 men had been added to the disposable force of the country . explained the cause of the difference to be , that the pay of the adjutants and quarter-masters had been transferred to the present estimate , from the estimates of the staff . With respect ' to the observation on the general increase of 600,000l . of expence , while the increase of the numbers of the army was only stated to be 1,900 , he believed it would be found that he had stated an increase of upwards of 15,000 on the establishment , including regulars and militia . said , he rose to move as an Amendment , That the salary to the Paymaster of Widows ' Pensions should be struck out of this sum . Before he proceeded to state his reason for this Amendment , he would move , That the two first of the Resolutions which , upon the 31st day of May 1810 , were reported from the Committee of the whole House , to whom it was referred to consider further of the Report which , upon the 29th day of June 1808 , was made from the Committee on Public Expenditure , and which were then agreed to by the House , might be read ; and the same were , as agreed to by the House , read , and are as follows : Resolved , That the utmost attention to economy , in all the branches of public expenditure , which is consistent with the interests of the public service , is at all times a great and important duty . Resolved , That for this purpose , in addition to the useful and effective measures already taken by parliament for the abolition and regulation of various sinecure offices , and offices executed by deputy , it is expedient , after providing other and sufficient means for enabling his Majesty duly to recompence the faithful discharge of high and effective civil offices , to abolish all offices which have revenue without employment , and to regulate all offices which have revenue extremely disproportionate to employment , excepting only such as are connected with the personal service of his Majesty , or of his royal family , regard being had to the existing interests in any offices so to be abolished or regulated . '' The hon . gentleman also moved , `` That so much of the 10th Report from the commissioners appointed to examine take and state the Public Accounts of the kingdom ( which was presented to the House upon the 2nd day of July 1783 ) , and so much of the 6th Report from the commissioners of Military Enquiry ( which was presented to the House upon the 25th day of June 1808 ) , and so much of the 22nd Report , which ( upon the 20th day of July 1797 ) was made from the Select Committee who were appointed to examine and state the 913 total amount of the Public Debts , and other matters relating to the public revenue and expenditure—as relates to the Office of Paymaster of the Widows ' Pensions , might be read ; ''