in the different parishes . Of these sixteen or seventeen thousand poor , it is to be considered that not more than three or four weeks ago , there were not above two or three thousand , and that not more than a year ago there existed literally none . These facts should , I think , bear me out , and induce the House to go into the proposed committee , even in the teeth of all the Customhouse returns , if those returns are at variance with them ; for if I find nothing bat misery and distress in all the manufacturing and commercial parts of England ; if I can not shut my eyes to the effects of 1101 that misery and distress every where but too apparent ; if I see that in the course of last year there were nearly 2,000 commercial failures ; if I know that petitions are every where in preparation ( and on this subject the knowledge of the right hon . gentleman is probably much more extensive than mine ) embodying thousands and thousands of complaints against the distress occasioned by the Orders in Council , in Warwickshire , in Lancashire , in Nottinghamshire , in Yorkshire , in Derbyshire , and other parts of England , and several parts of Scotland ; of what avail is all the eloquence of the right hon . the Vice President of the Board of Trade , or the piece of paper which he chooses to produce to me from Mr. Irving 's office ? It is true he will tell me , the amount of bankruptcies is one thing ; but the amount of exports and imports is another . Of what avail are all the distresses in Nottingham—of what avail is the amount of bankruptcies—of what avail the accounts of starving manufacturers—look to the accounts in the office of Mr. Irving , the saviour of the country , who , under Mr. Vansittart 's act every March or April , or every first of April , makes returns to the House , clearly proving that in spite of appearances we are an exporting , a flourishing , and a gay nation . The right hon . gentleman will tell me , no doubt , that the people whose names swell the list of bankrupts , are mistaken , that the Gazette is mistaken , and that all this is feeble paper-proof when compared with this ægis of brass from the columns of the Custom-house books . I care not , therefore , what the right hon . gentleman may produce from this quarter , nor is it necessary for me to go more minutely into this part of the subject , to induce the House to enter into the proposed inquiry . What better evidence could the wit of man devise to shew which party is right , and which party is wrong ? We have only to turn our eyes towards our gaols filled with debtors , our poor houses crowded with objects of mendicity , and our midland counties , where so great is the distress , that the people are driven even to insurrection . But let us inquire how the case of the right hon . gentleman is made out ? By a Custom-house bit of paper.—Let us see , then , how the case really stands on the shewing of these documents of the right hon . gentleman . I have already mentioned what the state of things in this country was in 1808 , and the unfortunate falling off of our exports in that year . Come we 1102 down to the last year , 1811 . I am here dealing with the hon . gentlemen opposite on their own documents , the Custom-house returns made out under Mr. Vansittart 's act . We have now before us a Return for the three quarters of every one of the four years , ending the 10th of October 1811 . It appears that we exported , of British manufactures , in the three quarters ending the 10th of October 1810 , 27,019,516l . ; and in