( and which was merely a motion for information ) , it was advisable that no delay should occur , —that not a single day should be lost . All parties , both in this country and in America , had professed to deprecate a war between the two countries , and all parties had acknowledged that such an event was but too probable . The government of America and the government of this country , from the beginning of the commercial and the diplomatic contest 763 in which the two countries were engaged , had uniformly professed to be actuated by the most friendly and conciliatory dispositions ; but it had unfortunately so turned out , that , professing such feelings , the breach between America and England had been widened from day to day , till at length it appeared from the message of the President of the United States to Congress , that war between the two countries would be the inevitable consequence of a perseverance in that system on the part of England , which had been acted upon for the last five years . That information which it was his intention to call for this night was already before the whole world , with the exception of the two Houses of Parliament in this country . It was before the people of England , of France and of America ; it was before every person who could read a newspaper , but it had not yet been given to the British parliament for their information and consideration . One would be glad to know why the right hon . gentleman had near the close of the last session withheld the papers which he ( Mr. W. ) solicited , and why , with the additional documents on the subject , they were still , as he understood , to be refused to him and the House ? Motions of this description were by no means unfrequent . When the conduct of government on former occasions had furnished grounds for jealousies , and for suspicions that the business of the state was not well conducted , as had been the case with respect to the operations in the peninsula , and those of the expedition to Walcheren , and in various other instances , information , when asked for , had at times been given , and at times refused . When it was refused , it had been stated as a ground for such refusal , that the production of the papers called for would disclose secrets which could not be made public with safety ; that the granting of the required information would in some respect or other , be dangerous , and calculated to produce inconvenience . Sometimes information had been refused , on the ground that it might injure or impede pending negociations ; and it had been stated that foreign governments complained of their correspondence being published , and were more reserved than they would otherwise be , from an apprehension that their letters might be laid before the two Houses of Parliament of Great Britain . In this case , he wished to know what grounds 764 could be found to justify a refusal of the papers called for ? No plea of the nature of any of those which he had enumerated could be urged in the present case . The information , for which he called , had already been disclosed to the whole world . He would ask for nothing which was not then on the table of that House , in the two books before him , which had been published by order of the American Congress . From reading these he saw great reason to blame the conduct of those who had conducted the negociation pending between this country and America ; but he was not able to make a charge against the parties concerned in them , because the papers he called for were not before parliament , and the House as a House of Parliament were ignorant of the existence of the publications he had alluded to ; and it seemed that it