was not however disposed to deny that the time might come , when this question would appear under a very different aspect , —when we might find ourselves pressed by domestic difficulties , which would render it advisable to husband our resources with the utmost economy ; and he would fairly own , that he was not altogether free from apprehensions on that subject . The time might possibly arrive sooner than most persons expected . Yet he must maintain upon every consideration , whether of national policy , or of public honour , that if we should deem it proper to abandon the vigorous prosecution of the war in the peninsula , we ought to do so slowly and reluctantly . Such a measure ought , in his mind , to be the result only of well weighing , and duly estimating whether we were really unable to persevere in that war . We ought to look around us carefully , and examine what other branch of expenditure we could retrench or give up , rather than for the sake of the cost to abandon the defence of our allies . Thus much he felt himself bound to say , because he certainly thought , and had before said , that in the commencement , it would have been better policy for us not to commit ourselves so far , as principals in the war . But when he heard gentlemen argue in favour of stopping the career in which we had been engaged for several years , and to which we were now so strongly pledged , he must declare , that he could not hear such sentiments without stating , as he had done , his opinion on the present state of the policy and honour of this country . entertained similar sentiments with his hon . friend who had just spoken , and was disposed to give credit to ministers , and to the noble earl at the head of the army in the peninsula , for the conduct of the war . He was , however , sorry to be obliged to withhold his praise from 1308 the course originally pursued by government in respect to the affairs of Spain . If proper exertions had been made at the commencement of the contest , different results would have ensued . They ought to have insisted on the adoption of those measures since pursued by the present government in Spain ; such as calling together the Cortes , and using other means of strengthening themselves against the enemy . He trusted that greater cordiality would subsist than with the Central Junta , and in that event he hoped that before long the most favourable results would occur . observed , that if the principle were to be admitted that they were not to consider the existing state of their own finances , it might be fairly enough said , that they ought not to consider the amount of the proposed vote . As he viewed the matter , however , he thought they ought to take into consideration the means which this country possessed , and the object to which it was proposed that those means should be directed . He fancied , when he heard the noble lord speak of the taking of Ciudad Rodrigo , that he was riding the horse of the war minister , and had forgotten that he held now another office . With all his Quixotic notions , the noble lord surely could not mean to say , that there was any great success to be anticipated by taking that fortress , —that could not be his serious meaning . It was one of our worst symptoms , that the tone of the country and of that House was so changed . This he attributed to the vast increase of our military establishments ; but that consideration should not deter him , any more than it ought any other member , from discharging his duty . He was surprised to hear it said that economizing was starving our operations . Was there no difference between hesitating at a vote of