the counties of Leicester and Derby . Between the 14th of November and the 9th of December , no less than 900 cavalry and 1,000 infantry were sent into Nottingham , which was a larger force than had ever been found necessary in any period of our history to be employed in the quelling of any local disturbance . Towards the latter end of December , the heat of the riots seemed to be a little abated , but unfortunately , on the 8th of January , those promising appearances terminated ; two additional regiments were sent to that district ; nor was any application for military aid refused ; on the contrary , it was granted on the very same day . But the attention of government was not confined to this single mode of assistance ; for they had received depositions from several active and meritorious individuals , who requested that the opinion of the law officers of the crown might be taken relative to appointing a Special Commission . In consequence of this , the Attorney and Solicitor-General were both consulted as to the probable advantage of such a step , as soon as a sufficient number of individuals should be apprehended . In the mean time , the necessity of exerting all the means of local knowledge and experience was impressed on the magistrates and gentlemen . Mr. Conant , and another intelligent magistrate , were also dispatched to Nottingham , to ascertain the best way of proceeding , and to procure all the information in their power . On the 18th December , another measure was 809 resorted to—that of the Proclamation of a reward for the discovery of the offenders ; a measure certainly of doubtful policy ; so much so , that it had never been resorted to since 1776 ; but he was confident that the House would feel that it was warranted by the urgency of the case . This was the statement of what had taken place since the commencement of these unfortunate transactions , which he had not gone into with a view to refute any charge against the government of the country for the line of conduct adopted by them , but from motives of respect to the House , when he was calling for a new legislative measure . It was necessary that it should be shewn that all ordinary measures had been insufficient , and that every means had been resorted to , before an application to parliament was made . These were the only reasons for the detail with which he had troubled the House ; but , having done so , he would confidently appeal to those persons who knew all the circumstances , to confirm , by their testimony , that no application had been neglected , which was made to government , from the commencement of those disturbances . The House would feel a satisfaction in knowing that they were not connected with any circumstances beyond the disputes of the masters and journeymen . They were not perhaps , aware , that the machinery , which had been destroyed , did not belong to the houses in which they were , but were either hired by the masters to the operative manufacturers , or were the property of a middle class , who vested their capitals in the purchase of frames which they hired . The consequence had been , that those persons to whom the frames belonged , had been most active accomplices in their destruction , and they had a direct interest in preventing the discovery of the delinquents , which accounted for the difficulty that had existed in apprehending any of the rioters , notwithstanding the active and vigilant measures which had been taken . The depredations had been carried on with a greater degree of secrecy and management than had ever been known in any similar proceedings ; so much so , that the magistrates could not take upon themselves to apprehend the persons whom they suspected of having committed the outrages . It was peculiarly easy for parties , who were ill-disposed , to perpetrate those illegal