owed to parliament , after the situation which he had filled in the committee of finance , not to come forward on the present occasion . He had not sought out the occasion , he was not fond of it , but it had been obtruded on him . This office appeared in the Estimates laid before the House , and it was for the House to consider whether or not it was to be continued . The question was before them , and they must decide . From their decision that night would be seen what was the disposition of the House with regard to other sinecures : from the vote about to be given , the country would have a very good earnest of what they '' had to expect from them . The language of the Report of 1783 stated that the whole duty was done by deputy , and that that duty wag extremely overpaid . He had caused the extract respecting sinecures to be read , to shew that this was not an office of a description that could come within the comprehension of those that were to be assigned as a reward for merit . He knew not how to argue so plain a case . 915 It was impossible , in fact , to have selected any one situation which came more under the description of those which ought to be abolished , than the one in question . He denied that it was in the contemplation of any of the framers of these Reports , that offices with large salaries , and no duty , should be kept up as a reward for services of the description of those of the honourable gentleman colonel M'Mahon . These rewards were not intended for personal services to his Majesty , or his Royal Highness . Such an idea never entered into the contemplation of parliament . It was to be regretted that his Royal Highness had ever been advised to make this appointment . In the outset of a new reign , a colour was thrown on the transaction , which was by no means calculated to ease the minds of the people . For whatever might be thought or said within the walls of the House , the public would look with no small anxiety towards the result of that night 's debate . He did not speak in this manner from any fondness for the motion , because he was the mover of it , but because he was convinced of the disappointment which its rejection would occasion to the country . They had no security that this office might not be given in reversion , but the word of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer . It had already been granted in reversion to the late general Fox . He should therefore move as an Amendment of the Resolution , `` That a sum not exceeding 59,369l . 12s . 6d . be granted to his Majesty , for defraying the charge of Pensions to be paid to Widows of Officers of the land forces , and expences attending the same , in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland , from the 25th of Dec. 1811 to the 24th of Dec. 1812. said , that he imagined the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer would have considered himself bound by the Resolutions of that House ; but the right hon . gentleman was the best judge of his own conduct . It was , however , rather strange , that he should thus pick and choose among the sinecures ; for it was in the recollection of the House , that some of the resolutions recommending the abolition of sinecure offices had been already acted upon . Much more could be said on this subject ; but the business was so barefaced , and so palpably against every principle on which the House of Commons ought to act , that he would not waste one word more upon it , 916 but give his decided vote for the Amendment . thought the House ought