as well as power . But it would surely be idle to contend that a transitory dissension required , or could justify , a permanent and irremovable system of coercion . And it would be false in point of history , as well as in reasoning , to affirm that the religious struggles , which naturally grew out of such an event as the Reformation , must be considered as common to all times , and as arising out of causes inseparable from our nature . It is true that in this country , and still more in Ireland , from circumstances peculiar to these kingdoms , religious dissensions raged unabated for a longer period than in many other parts of the world . But are there no instances in which difference of faith has been found compatible with strict political union ? Within a few years , I believe within thirty years , after the first dawn of the Reformation , and while the rest of Europe was yet convulsed with the divisions arising out of it , the Cantons of Switzerland took the sage and generous resolution to bury all religious animosities , and to live together as Christians , without regard to difference of sect . In four of these Cantons , the reformed religion was adopted ; in six , the Roman Catholic continued to prevail ; in the remainder Protestants and Catholics were mixed in equal proportions : and in the Diets , in which the general affairs of the union were discussed , the two religions amicably concurred in the settlement of their common political interests . From about the middle of the 16th to the beginning of the 18th century , when there was a slight interruption to their harmony , ( which interruption lasted , however , only for a period of six months ) , and from thence to the time when their independence was swallowed up in the all-devouring gulf of the French Revolution , did the Cantons of Switzerland continue to maintain , with this perfect religious independence , 525 a perfect and cordial political connection . It may be objected that however this might have been the case with states of such trifling magnitude as the Swiss Cantons , there would be a difficulty in making the application of the same principle to greater states . But what if the same might be shown of another and a larger country ? What if it had existed in France itself ? Let not my right hon . and learned friend suppose that I am speaking of revolutionary France ; or that I , at least , am one of those whom he has described as borrowing their opinions upon this subject from the new philosophy which gave birth to that tremendous and desolating revolution.—I flatter myself that I am known too well to my right hon . and learned friend , as I would fain presume I may be to this House , to be under the necessity of defending myself against such an imputation . I speak of France in her ancient , in her most glorious times ; not only when she was a monarchy , but when reigned over by the monarch whose name is the most splendid in her history , and the most cherished in the affections of mankind . I speak of the edict of Nantes , issued by Henry 4 . After sixty years of almost uninterrupted struggle between the two conflicting religions : a struggle of open and avowed war , stained with transactions the most disgraceful to human nature : transactions the memory of which was calculated to keep alive in the breasts of the Protestants a jealous suspicion of treachery , and an ardent desire of revenge ; and in those of the Catholics an apprehension of merited and merciless retaliation : in this state of mens minds in France , differing happily from any thing that exists in Ireland , did Henry 4 think that he could not better provide , for the general tranquillity and safety of the state , than by extending equal political privileges to