the executive government taking upon itself to issue an order to stop the distilleries , he thought it an unjustifiable measure , at least one that could only be justified by the greatest possible necessity , and certainly a measure highly unconstitutional . entirely agreed with his noble friend who had just sat down , that it would have been highly unconstitutional for the executive government to have taken upon itself to have issued an order to stop the distilleries , and that it was a measure which could only be justified by extreme necessity . His Majesty 's ministers , however , had it in their power to summon parliament to meet in fourteen days , and therefore they had the means of bringing the subject earlier into discussion . He regretted , however , to observe , that the unconstitutional mode of petitioning the executive government instead of the parliament , was fast gaining ground among the people . Instead of waiting to petition parliament , petitions were addressed to the executive government , for them to take steps to stop the distillation from grain , and even the citizens of London , meeting in the very metropolis where the parliament assembles , had adopted this mode of petitioning the executive government . With respect to the Bill before the House , he was inimical to the principle of stopping the distillation from grain , nor could be even go so far as his noble friend near him , in considering it as a principle , that the suspension of the distillation from grain ought to be resorted to in a year of scarcity , because he thought that even setting op that principle tended to discourage the agriculture of the country . Under the present circumstances , however , of the country , he was not disposed to press the reluctance which he felt to agree to a measure of this nature . He was not so much influenced to this conduct by the internal state of the country—a state which , in one populous part of it , 492 was most undoubtedly disgraceful to ministers . Discontents had been suffered to grow into riot and tumult , and threatened to increase to actual rebellion , without any steps being taken by government to repress these disorders , and it certainly reflected no credit upon parliament that it had been sitting so long without taking any notice of these excesses . He was not , however , so much influenced by these circumstances in opposing the present Bill , as by the state of our foreign commerce . Cut off from all supplies from the continent of Europe , and he feared also from America ; at war nearly with all Europe , and the war likely , he feared , to be extended to the most calamitous quarter for this country , namely America , it was the consideration that we could not under these circumstances obtain supplies through the means of our foreign commerce , that chiefly induced him not to press his reluctance to the present measure . observed , that ministers bad resorted to a more unconstitutional mode than the one he had pointed out , instating to the distillers , that the distillation from grain would be stopped , and thereby intimating that the voice of parliament went for nothing , and that the decision of the executive government was every thing . said , that when the petitions came before the executive government , a decision was taken upon them , and it was intimated to the parties interested , that a proposition would be made to parliament to suspend the distillation from grain , leaving them to pursue their own course . Was there any thing unconstitutional in this ? gave him the Thanks of the House accordingly , as followeth : 493 `` Major General Cole ; after your long absence upon military service , we can not behold your return amongst us '' without calling to mind the memorable events which have signalized the arms of this country in modern times , and in which , you have