so in this instance ? It would be found , that if the 5 per cents . were depressed , the 3 per cents . were depressed also , and that the 5 per cents . had kept up their relative value , notwithstanding the operation of the sinking fund on the 3 per cents . which never operated on the 5 per cents . The fair and competent way to compare them , he thought , was to take them at a period before the present measure was in contemplation , in which case they would find that his statement 807 was correct , and that the present comparative state of those funds afforded no ground for assuming that the measure was carried to an extreme . His impression was , that it was doing material service to the general state of the fund , to divide the loan into different parts and different periods . It was giving encouragement to those who funded Exchequer Bills , and encreasing the credit of those Bills themselves . It was natural to wish that the field should be extended as much as possible , and in that view he was sure the House and the country agreed . He was confident that this plan held forth greater advantage to the holder of Exchequer Bills than he could obtain by disposing of them in any other way . He had never stated positively that the whole would be obtained , but he hoped it would , and if not , at least he expected that it would be realized to a great extent . rose and said , that he felt great pain in the discharge of the important duty which imposed upon him the necessity of adverting to those transactions which had taken place in some of the counties of England , and which , in their nature , were so disgraceful to the country , and so injurious to the best interests of those places where such enormities had been perpetrated . But while he deeply lamented the occurrence of these acts of lawless violence , he had the satisfaction to state to the House that the disturbances had been gradually diminishing ; and , for more than a week , had altogether subsided . But though this favourable change had taken place , it was under circumstances which left reason to apprehend that that disposition might again manifest itself in fresh acts of violence . He had , therefore , felt it his duty to consult with those gentlemen , whose local knowledge gave them the best means of ascertaining the real nature and extent of the evil , and it was in consequence of those communications , that he now came forward to propose a remedy . The enormities which had been committed in Nottingham and the adjacent counties , were so well known to the House and to every man in the country , that it would be unnecessary for him to trouble them with the disgusting recital : it was notorious that houses had been broken open , and machinery of different kinds destroyed , 808 and that a system of riot had existed for the last 3 months , a system bordering almost on insurrection , which called for the active interference of government . The first intelligence received by government of those transactions was on the 14th of November , and it was stated that they were of a nature and extent to justify the high sheriff of the county in calling out the military to his assistance ; and an application was made to that effect . On that day a squadron of dragoons , from a great distance , was ordered to march to Nottingham , and information was afterwards received which gave hopes of the restoration of tranquillity , as the military had done their duty , and the militia had conducted themselves well.—About the beginning of December , the riots assumed a more alarming appearance ; and by the information received from the lord lieutenant of Nottingham , it was feared by government that they were likely to extend to