of their own interests , for nothing could be more certain than that every improvement of machinery contributed to improve the condition of persons employed in the manufactures in which such improvements were made , there being in a very short time after such improvements were introduced , a greater demand for labour than there was before . Much , however , of the present distressed state of the manufacturers arose from the system of policy pursued by ministers ; and he was satisfied , that before being called upon to pass a 975 measure like the present , an enquiry ought to be instituted , and that that enquiry ought to embrace the effect of the Orders in Council , the state of the commerce of the country , and also of its circulation . The noble earl , after ridiculing the vigour of the ministers in sending down two justices and two Bow street runners to Nottingham , adverted to the fact , that it had been found necessary , by the advice of the judges , and upon the reports of the revenue boards , to do away the capital punishments in cases ' of smuggling , because it was impossible to find juries to convict : and yet in a case depending on the same principle , they enacted the punishment of death , when it was notorious that the great evil was the difficulty of detection . The measure evinced an utter ignorance of the principles of law , and of the real state of the country . contended , that enquiry could answer no useful purpose . If enquiry were to embrace the Orders in Council , the state of the commerce and circulation of the country , the investigation must be indefinite , the outrages at Nottingham must in the mean time go on , and all attempt to suppress them must be postponed ad Grœcas Calendas . An inquiry more limited with respect to the outrages themselves , could have no good effect ; the offence was , as was admitted by every one , most injurious to the interests of the community , and every means ought to be adopted to prevent its repetition . The object of the Bill was to increase the means of detection , whilst it inflicted the punishment of death ; and surely it was to be expected that the terror of the punishment of death , when the means of detection were increased , would operate to prevent the commission of the offence . was hostile to extending the penal code by the infliction of the punishment of death for this offence , and contended that information ought first to be laid before the House , to prove that all other means had been ineffectual . Much of these outrages were , he thought , to be attributed to the system of policy pursued by ministers , and he lamented that the Prince Regent should have been advised not to make a change in his councils , convinced as the noble earl was , that the result of a change would have been an improved system of finance , an economical expenditure , and a general amelioration of the situation of the country . found it impossible to all 976 low this question to pass , without expressing in the strongest terms which his powers of language could supply , his indignant detestation of the principles on which the Bill was founded , as well as of the arguments by which it was supported . There was now no time for inquiry , they said ; but he hoped their lordships were familiar with the wise maxim of a great authority 'de vitâ hominis nulla est cunctatio longa . ' When the question was about the life of man , he should have expected that ministers , and especially the noble and learned lord on the woolsack , would have willingly acceded to the delay , if there was the smallest doubt in the mind of any noble lord , whether it was necessary to add to the horrible and sanguinary catalogue of our capital