words , in reference to some observations which had been made by the right hon . gentleman who had spoken last but one . He gave the right hon . gentleman all the credit he deserved , for those very liberal feelings he professed towards her Majesty , and the other branches of the royal family , while he had to lament , at the same time , that the remarks he made , unfortunately were applied to himself . Yet while he had to lament this circumstance , he could hardly suppose that the right hon . gentleman seriously imagined , that the new arrangement which he had submitted to the consideration of the Committee , was formed under the idea of any compromise , which was to barter the removal of the restrictions for the condition of establishing a new court . Did the right hon . gentleman suppose him capable of such a contract ? Did he imagine that he could have submitted such a proposition in a conference with his sovereign and his master ? It was an impression which he confidently hoped there was no mind so constituted in that House , as to receive or to entertain ; and he could not help saying , that if the right hon . gentleman had made the smallest reserve of that candour in his favour , which he had displayed towards others , he could not have ascribed such a plan to him as that which he mentioned . In the proposition which he had made , he had been influenced by no sinister view whatever , nor could he have supposed that such would have been attributed to him . The right hon . gentleman had expressed a wish to know , how the sum of 100,000l . had any regard to the part of the royal family resident at Windsor , and to this he had to reply , that the object of the arrangement was , to cover that as well as the other expences he had enumerated ; and he thought it a fair ground for stating , that the establishment of his Majesty was larger than that of the Prince could be at Carleton house . 176 With regard to the supernumerary lords of the bedchamber , he believed that their number had varied at different periods ; there had been some addition at one time , and at no time had they been under twelve . This point , however , he conceived would remain to be decided by his Royal Highness 's pleasure , and the whole arrangement had to pass through so many subsequent stages , that it would be unnecessary to enlarge on it at present . This too , he thought , offered a sufficient reason against retarding , in its present stage , the course of the proceedings , as the first step was essential to the advancement of the business . The resolutions did not go to pledge the Committee to too great an extent . The first stated the necessity of a grant of 70,000l . on the Consolidated Fund ; and the second merely asserted the expediency of providing for the assumption of the royal authority by the Prince Regent . The sum could only be voted in a Committee of Supply , when it would be competent for any member to state his particular objections . explained . The right hon . gentleman , he said , had not correctly stated the observations he had made . He believed the right hon . gentleman was as well versed in grammar as any man , and yet he was under some misapprehension here , for the words of the Message he had read certainly did not go to a positive relinquishment of his claims by his Royal Highness , but expressly mentioned , that although his royal father and parliament should exercise their liberality towards him , yet that , unless he had some further provision towards satisfying the claims of his creditors , he could not consider his right impaired , though he withdrew his suit at law against the King