members for the town and county of Nottingham , would have prevented any insinuations from being thrown out , that the government had acted with supineness or inactivity . To such insinuations an honourable contrast is afforded by the manly and impartial declaration of the member for Bedford ( Mr. Whitbread , ) that in his opinion nothing had been left untried.—Sir , the protracted continuance of these disturbances does not prove any remissness on the part of the government , but aggravates the criminality of the offenders . From the secrecy with which their attacks were planned , the celerity with which they were executed , and the suddenness with which they were renewed in quarters where they least were expected , I can not help inferring that their misconduct was not owing to the momentary impulse of distress or irritation , but to a premeditated plan of systematic aggression , which certainly rendered vigilance and energy on the part of the government doubly necessary , but must also in many instances have rendered them ineffectual.—Sir . I sincerely hope that the complete restoration of tranquillity may render it unnecessary to have recourse to the provisions of this act ; but , on the other hand , I trust , that if a continuance of these disturbances should render it expedient , they will be enforced with vigour , and attended with success . With regard , Sir , to what fell from the hon . gentleman who spoke last , if I had entered the House in the middle of his speech , I should have supposed that we were discussing the state of the nation—a topic to which his arguments had a much more immediate reference than to the question now under consideration . I shall not pretend to comment upon such extraneous observations.—When the motion of which an hon . baronet has given notice for an inquiry into the State of the Nation , is brought forward , I have no doubt that most of these arguments will be repeated , and many of them . I trust , satisfactorily refuted . said , that he did not recommend the mode of punishment adopted in Ireland against insurgents here , but gene-rally the necessity of having recourse to a capital enactment . could not refrain , in this last stage of the Bill , from repeating his objections to it , being satisfied that it was a measure calculated to mislead the public , and at the same time to operate as no check upon the outrages sought to be corrected . He could not forbear expressing his astonishment that such acts as had lately been carried on for a series of months with impunity bad not called out the inquisitorial power of that House , but that , instead of such an inquiry , an act should be introduced , which was calculated for nothing but to mislead the public . If such acts as those sought to be provided against , could be carried on without detection , what did the present Bill do to deter from the commission of them ? Increasing the degree of punishment only tended to add to the motives which now prevailed in favour of concealment , and to increase the reluctance to give testimony . Did they not , however , by the present Bill , furnish motives even for the commission of another crime of a still deeper dye ? Did they not furnish persons already so well disciplined in the arts of concealment with a fresh motive , if detection could not otherwise be secured , to cut off the evidence against them ? If in any one instance such an occurrence as this were to take place , must the House not feel that they had aggravated , instead of curing the evil ? did not conceive it necessary to repeat over and over again , the reasons which urged him to the adoption of this measure . If he had , however , done so , he should only be following the example of his hon . and learned friend who had just sat