, and ought to be continued , and the clause in the present Bill , introducing the change to which he had alluded , ought to be rejected . agreed that the alteration alluded to by the hon . gentleman was a deviation from the original plan of the Local Militia , in as far as it was to that extent a deviation from the system of ballot , which was the corner stone on which the Local Militia system was built . The acceptance of the voluntary service of such corps as chose to offer themselves , a thing which was permitted under the original Bill , was also , so far , a deviation from that system . He was of opinion , however , that the alteration now proposed was an improvement , for several reasons : first , it would produce a much more efficient force ; again , relieve the country from a great inconvenience and burden , as it would prevent the necessity of calling persons away from their avocations in husbandry , & c. during the harvest ; and , in an economical point of view , it would cause a great saving to an amount of not less than 100,000l . a-year . explained by stating , that he had not said that the system of ballot ought to be laid aside altogether , but that he regretted the inconsistency of the House on this subject . paid a compliment to the framer of the present Bill , which was complete and intelligible in all its parts , and was not , like too many Bills , framed , as it were , with no other object than to bewilder and perplex . addressed the Chairman to the following effect ; Mr. Lushington ; I can not think that it will be necessary for me to trouble the committee with many observations in order to induce them to give their most cordial consent to the Resolution which I shall have the honour to propose , in conformity to the gracious Message of his royal highness the Prince Regent . It is , indeed , impossible that the House of Commons should fail to recollect , or that the nation at large should fail duly to appreciate the various great and distinguished services which have marked the brilliant career of my lord Wellington in the course of the late campaigns in Spain and Portugal . Although differences of opinion may exist with respect to the expediency and policy of the efforts which Great Britain has been , and is now making in the peninsula , although different views may be entertained of the wisdom of their efforts , I am persuaded Sir , that those differences of opinion , and those different views , will form no ground of dissent from the present motion . The question before us is , whether the officer selected in the first instance by his Majesty , and subsequently confirmed by his royal highness the Prince Regent , to direct the military operations in the peninsula , has , or has not conducted himself with such distinguished zeal , and such consummate professional ability , as while it does infinite honour to himself , does infinite honour to the country , whose armies he was appointed to command ? Sir , the impression of the House on this subject is evident ; and , under such an impression , I feel that it would be a gratuitous trespass on their time , to enter into any detail of those various achievements of the gallant earl , which have on former occasions received the distinct and repeated approbation of parliament . The circumstances under which his royal highness the Prince Regent has , for the last twelve months , exercised the royal authority , have prevented him at an earlier period from adequately marking the high sense which he entertained of the merits of that distinguished 870 general . His Royal Highness , however , has availed himself of the first opportunity of conferring on lord Wellington the honours which are so justly his due . It is