had heard that the money which he had received was in return for expences incurred many years ago . `` Oh then , '' said the honourable gentleman , `` the country ought sooner to discharge this obligation . '' But let it be recollected at what a distance these services were performed—in Egypt and the coast of Syria : what a difficulty there existed to procure vouchers of the expences : how frequently sir Sydney Smith was absent from the country ; and consequently interrupted in the arrangement of the accounts ; how anxious he naturally was that there should be every possible degree of exactitude on the subject ; and it would not appear surprising that some delay had taken place . If , however , more explanation was thought necessary , he had no objection to the production of the details from the different offices : but he was confident it would not be found in those details that any sum had been given to sir Sydney Smith as a remuneration for his services . All that had been given was merely a remuneration for his expenditure . Let the hon . gentleman consider the nature of sir Sidney Smith 's services , the character of the people with whom he had to deal , and the effectual way in which he discharged the trust reposed in him , and he did not think that he himself would deem the sum stated to be greater than , under all the circumstances of the case , it was proper to expend . ( Hear , hear , from Mr . Whitbread ! ) The hon . gentleman cheered this observation , and yet it tended completely to confute his argument . Let the hon . gentleman cease either his objection or his applause . The two were incompatible . If , on showing that 7,000l . was paid to sir Sidney 357 Smith for his expences when employed , half in a military and half in a diplomatic character in Egypt and Syria , the hon . gentleman intimated that he did not think it an extravagant sum . ; on what principle could he say that there was due to sir Sydney Smith 's honour and character any explanation , but simply a statement on what ground the expences were incurred ? Parliament being employed , under the recommendation of the Speech from the throne , in making a provision for his Majesty 's household , the hon . gentleman suddenly interrupted them in the midst of the business : `` Oh , oh ! '' says he , `` here is an item of 7,000l . to sir Sydney Smith ; I do not think the sum excessive ; I do not want any explanation for our own satisfaction ; but for the purpose of clearing the honour and character of sir Sydney Smith , pray suspend all your proceedings , and arrest the progress of the bill at present under the consideration of the House . `` —The observations of the hon . gentleman on the expences to foreign ministers were all general , except those which related to sir Sydney Smith , the marquis Wellesley , Mr. Arbuthnot , and sir A. Paget.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer said , he trusted , that whatever might be due to any other party , he had not left the character of sir Sydney Smith exposed to any cloud or stain ; and therefore the fine figure which the hon . gentleman so eloquently introduced of the debt of explanation due to sir Sydney Smith on this occasion , might serve to wind up a magnificent period in the hon . gentleman 's speech , but had no relation whatever to the subject before the House . The same remark was equally applicable to what the hon . gentleman had said of his right hon . friend near him ( Mr. Arbuthnot ) . The sum paid to his right hon . friend was distinctly and simply a return for the expences and losses which he had incurred during the mission on which he had been sent