1015 government to them , were they , he would ask , capable of forming a more able , a less weak , or a less divided administration ? Nothing could , in his opinion , be more strong , or less divided than the present government . Now the hon . gentlemen opposite would understand what he meant . But what was the opposition ? The opposition was on the contrary divided among themselves , and far from strong . Who was to be their leader ? Who was fitter for that purpose than the present minister ? Let him who thought himself able and fit to supply his place , stand up . Surely no one who agreed with an hon . gentleman who spoke lately , would concur in thinking the hon . baronet who brought forward the present motion a fit person . The individual who was always saying , 'Listen to that admirable man on the other side of the water . Nothing could be more at variance than the sentiments of the gentlemen opposite . Why , he would take five lots of them at random , and there would be four of the couples that would disagree . The Catholic question would hardly produce Unanimity ; it would , on the contrary , Carry dissention and disagreement even into the cottage of the poor . The hon . gentlemen opposite complained of the clamour against them on this subject . He did not wonder that they should wince when this sore place was touched . [ Loud laugh ] . The hon . gentlemen , by their cries , might make it difficult for him to express himself—they did not like his topics , because they were touched by them . However , it would be better , he knew , that he should speak shorter . Suppose the hon . member for Bedford at the head of an administration . Suppose he was to proceed to the continent , bent on peace , and , like lord Lauderdale , whose talents he greatly admired , should continue to negociate , while France was dispatching armies against Russia and Prussia , how would he look on his return ? Would the affairs of the country be benefited by bringing into government a set of gentlemen who wished to make a bonfire of our paper currency ? He would pass on to those gentlemen above the hon . gentleman , who declared that they had neither confidence in those below them , nor in those on this side of the House—those hon . gentlemen who went to public meetings , deluding the people under false colours , and some of them drawing out of other men 's minds those resources by which they kept up their popularity . 1016 Those friends of radical reform , as they called it , wished to tear up all that was good and respectable in the country . Under their management , every thing that was now free would become fettered . One word with respect to the hon . member for Bedford . His diligence and his powers were , he believed , greater than those of almost every other man , but yet he differed from him in almost every thing . He observed , however , that that hon . member , and those who voted with him , seemed generally to select those times for their attacks upon the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , when it was not allowable , by the practice of the House , for him to answer them . With all the talents which gentlemen opposite believed they possessed , a successful government had , however , for a long time , been carried oh without their assistance . Each of them might well exclaim , when speaking of the right hon . gentleman— '' Great let me call him , for he conquered me . '' Single-handed the right hon . gentleman had beat all the talents . rose , and expressed his surprise that on such an occasion the question should be suffered to