learned gentleman opposite , they were not called upon to decide whether the Orders in Council ought or ought not to be repealed , but merely to go into a committee to inquire into the state of the manufactures and trade of the country with reference to those Orders . His opi- 1141 nion of the Orders was , upon this ground , better than that of his hon . and learned friend . He should vote for the committee , because he thought enquiry could not injure those Orders according to their true original spirit and import . For his own part , he should freely own , that as far as he could foresee any effect of this inquiry upon his mind , he was persuaded that he should come out of the committee with precisely the same opinion respecting the Orders in Council , as that with which he would go into it . But it had been asked by his hon . and learned friend , as it had been before asked with something like infantile simplicity in another place , what Orders in Council were meant to be inquired into ? He knew not how far that amiable ignorance had been assumed , or how far it was really unaffected , but surely his hon . and learned friend could have little difficulty in determining what was meant by the Orders in Council referred to in the present motion . In January of the year 1807 , the government preceding that of which he became a member , issued an Order in Council , professedly retaliatory on the blockading decree on the part of France , of the November of the preceding year . In November 1807 , the government of which he became a part , issued another decree upon the same principle , only somewhat more enlarged in its application and extent . And in April 1809 , Orders in Council were substituted in the place of the former two ; and these were the edicts which , professing to be retaliatory , the right hon . the Vice President of the Board of Trade had affirmed not to be retaliatory edicts.—For these Orders in Council , so far as he had been connected with their adoption , he was ready to take his full share of responsibility . What Orders truly were meant ? Why , they were the Orders in Council , which , until he had heard the speech of the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Rose ) that night , he had always looked upon as retaliatory upon the enemy , which had been so understood in every instance , until the Vice President of the Board of Trade , in contradiction to every statement which had hitherto been given to the public on the subject—in contradiction to every document in office respecting these Orders—in contradiction to every communication which he ( Mr. Canning ) had made , and every dispatch Written in his official character , explanatory of their nature and spirit—in contradiction to every speech which had been 1142 made in parliament in defence of them , had thought proper to represent them , not as measures retaliatory upon the enemy , but as measures of self defence . Self defence but not retaliatory ! In this sentence he should like to hear explained the adversative force of the particle `` but ; '' as it stood , he could not understand it . Retaliatory but not self defensive , did leave an opposition that admitted of explanation ; but as it otherwise stood , he did not understand it . He denied , however , that they were in their original adoption meant to be other than retaliatory . Retaliatory and not self defensive ! If it were otherwise , then were those Orders to be tried on other grounds ; and then would he call upon one civilian to defend them on the mere principle of their being a great commercial regulation . If they were to be in no larger a sense retaliatory than as self defensive—if they were not to retaliate directly