put by the hon . gentleman on its true foundation , namely , to what set of men the government of Great Britain should be committed ; to whom the safety of the empire should be entrusted ; avoiding the general topics urged by the hon . baronet , which had little to do with the main subject of discussion . On that question he was perfectly ready to enter the lists , and he should barter his principles , and abandon the firm convictions of his judgment , if he were to desert the present system of administration for that which had uniformly met with the concurrence of the opposite side of the House . Those who , on perusing the important correspondence recently published , imagined that any middle course could be pursued , which might produce a combination of talent , were by the address just delivered , completely undeceived , and every hope of that kind that some had perhaps too fondly cherished , must now be for ever blasted . Those who before were inclined to impartiality , must now once for all decide , under whose banners they would enrol themselves . In his opinion , a coalition on the part of lords Grey and Grenville would not have been a greater inconsistency than when on , a former occasion many of the party opposite consented to act with them . The principles of those two noble lords would not have been injured in the opinion of 1023 any good or wise man , nor would the sacrifice of personal or of political honour have been required in order to form a united government of both parties , to rule over the affairs of state . Such flattering prospects had now vanished , and perhaps it might be considered of much importance that an understanding should be come to , that every man must make a dry option between the two systems so diametrically opposite . Upon the subject of the war in the peninsula , to which so much reference had been made , he put it to the hon . baronet and to his friends round him , whether in the mode they had hitherto treated the question , after the desponding language they had held , and the determinations they had expressed , either Great Britain or Spain herself would believe that her cause was safe in their hands ? Would it not , as it were , kill the whole of the peninsula , and paralyze the efforts of a brave and deserving people ? It would be impossible for minds lowered as those of the opponents of the system now adopted had been , to work themselves up to such a state of enthusiasm and energy , as would be requisite for the spirited prosecution of the war . It was easy to see that there was now no alternative . The noble lords Grey and Grenville had shut out hope , and putting an end to an intercourse with the administration which might have led to a coalition beneficial both to themselves and their country , had consequently debarred themselves equally from any cooperation with the present supporters of government . They had proscribed all public men out of the circle of their own immediate connections . ( Cries of , No , no ! ) The noble lord admitted that he had overstated the fact , for they declared that they had no personal dislike , and that their objections were not to men but to measures . All gentlemen , therefore , who chose to desert their principles , might if they pleased , unite themselves with administration ( Hear , hear , from Opposition ! ) He thanked the other side of the House for the cheer they gave him , for he understood it to insinuate , that he , in joining the present government , had deserted his principles . He was extremely anxious to detail to the House the grounds on which he had proceeded , and to state for what reasons he found no difficulty in acting with the advisers of