in military possession of Spain . This language was held forward when we knew that the cause had suffered , that Valencia was not likely to struggle long , that Saguntum was taken , that Badajos had fallen , and that the attempt on Ciudad Rodrigo had been abortive ; when we saw that what was called the possession of Portugal by lord Wellington had ended in a retreat , that after having pursued Massena to the frontier , he was now obliged to fall back , and to confess that he had not numbers sufficient to justify the hazard of a battle . Under such circumstances was this language used , and under such circumstances he felt himself called upon to resist it . For his part , he did not see what hope could be entertained . The more he allowed the merits of the cause ; the more he allowed the zeal of the invaded ; the more he allowed that the whole heart of England went along with them in their resistance ; the more he allowed the abilities of lord Wellington and the valour and discipline of British soldiers ; the more was be inclined to despond , to despair of success , on looking to the result of all these favourable combinations . When he was called upon to say that he would give his support to this war , not only to the extent , but even beyond the extent to which it had heretofore been given , and that without inquiry or expla- 54 nation , he must hesitate and refuse . If , indeed , they were to pledge themselves to the maintenance of the present system , there were circumstances which should accompany the request in order to justify the pledge . He should like , for instance , to have stated to the House the opinions of those who were most qualified to decide upon the subject ; he should be glad to know what lord Wellington himself thought as to the final issue of the contest : perhaps under the sanction of such an authority he might agree ; but without that , without any thing , without even a sanguine tone in the Speech of the Prince Regent , he could not reconcile himself to such a vote.—He would also be glad to know what was the situation of Spain with respect to her colonies ; he knew that through all the continent of America they were in a state of insurrection against the mother country . He was aware that our government had sent out persons to mediate between them , but he wished to know whether that mediation was accepted by the government of Cadiz , whether it had began to act , and what progress it had made ? He should also be glad to know , as he was on the subject of our foreign relations , what had become of certain diplomatic persons—why Mr. Liston and Sir Robert Wilson were now in London ? For what reason they had not proceeded to their destinations ? and whether there was any hope that the objects of their appointment would be accomplished or attempted , —There was another question to which be would wish to have an answer . He desired to be informed upon the state of our army—our whole army on the peninsula ; whether it was in a flourishing condition ? whether the ranks were full ? whether they would be kept up ? and whether they were capable of making an effort ? —Upon all these points he required information , and he thought the House should deliberate on them cautiously before they committed themselves to the full extent required by the Address.—There was another topic on which he could not agree , because it held out a delusion to the Prince Regent , by applying the expression conciliatory measures to our past negociations with America . He could not speak of the same conciliatory measures which were before adopted , when he did not believe that conciliatory measures were adopted before . He had stated in the course of