that the committee might execute a very efficient inquiry without having the power of calling for witnesses . said , that when he made his motion , he had no idea that the committee was to be deprived of its right of inquiry . The object of its appointment would be to examine the expences of the civil list , and having weighed what was proper and what improper , to propose measures to prevent a recurrence of the latter . In the investigation it might be found necessary to examine witnesses ; and if that power were not granted to the committee , its appointment would be nugatory . He would move that necessary addition to his motion . thought it would be better for the committee , in the first place , to endeavour , from the accounts , checks , & c. which should be laid before them , to supply themselves with the requisite information ; and if they found it necessary , on any particular subject , to send for persons , papers , and records , they could ' come to the House for liberty so to do . The practice of the House was uniformly to restrict committees in the first instance , and he presumed they would not be disposed to depart from this usage on the present occasion . As to the amendment proposed by his hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes , ) he should prefer a mot ion for an Address to the crown for the accounts alluded to , and when granted , it would be in the power of the House to refer them to the committee , or not , as they might think proper . said , he was at a loss to conceive how the committee were to 740 proceed without a power to send for persons , papers , and records . It might be necessary to call on the Lord Chamberlain and Lord Steward personally to appear before the committee ; and if it was to be thus confined , it would be useless . agreed to withdraw his motion ; which was , with leave of the House , withdrawn accordingly . said , that if the House delegated to this committee a power to send for persons , papers , and records , they would give a power they had never exercised themselves . He should , therefore , oppose such a proposition . That power had not been granted to the former committees ; and the House itself bad never called for the details of the civil list , except by address , a mode which left to the advisers of the crown the option of withholding or granting the papers . There was but one instance to the contrary , and that a fortnight old.—In the year 1780 , when the question of Economical Reform was before the House , it was a disputed point whether they had a right to examine the civil list at all . An appeal being made to the then Speaker ( sir Fletcher Norton ) , he gave it as his opinion , that they had a right to inquire into it ; but he made a distinction as to that part which related to the Royal Household : and the hon . member who then represented the borough of Woodstock , in supporting Sir Fletcher 's opinion , ridiculed the idea of `` serving the Royal Household by contract . `` —Much stress had been laid on the annual exceeding of the civil list over the estimate of 1804 , which was stated at 124,000l . per annum . If that estimate had been made on the average of three years preceding 1804 , it would be found that the exceeding was only 28,000l . per annum , and only 18,000l . in the last year.—The classes not relating to the Household , were already the subject of detailed accounts before the House , and came with the reference to the Committee on Public Expenditure . He thought that at this particular period , of the dormancy of the powers of