of referring the petition to the committee , in order that the facts alone might be laid on the table of the House . The question might be argued on the facts , as stated in the hon . gentleman 's speech . observed , that the individuals concerned were desirous rather that the facts , should be reported by a committee of the House . said , he had given notice yesterday of his intention to move in the committee a Resolution for funding Exchequer Bills in the Navy 5 per cents . It was not , he conceived , necessary to enter into any detailed view , and he should therefore proceed to state the terms to the House . The first proposition was , that for every 100l ; of Exchequer bills dated between the 1st of March , 1811 , and the 14th of February , 1812 , funded in the Navy 5 per cents . the person so funding them , should receive 108l . in the 5 per cents . the interest on the bills to be paid up to the 9th of March , inclusive . The calculaton was taken on the 7th of February , the day on which he first sent the notice to the city , at which period the 5 per cents . were at 94 , which would give the acceptor 101l . 10s . 3d . for every 100l . funded , besides a bonus of the interest , up to the 9th of March , of 7s . 8d . on each 100l . making , on the whole , 1l . 17s . 11d . per cent . bonus . The 5 per cents . were consequently depressed in some measure since the proposition had been originally made . They were this day reduced to 93⅛th , at which price the bonus experienced by the funding would be 17s . 7d . instead of 1l . 17s . 11d . which , however , he thought sufficient profit to induce the holders of Exchequer Bills to the amount of fourteen millions to fund . The state of the fund , as he had already observed , was not so favourable as at the time when the offer was made , but there were various contingent benefits to which the House might look on the following year , especially in the event of peace . It was his intention likewise to propose , that the amount of Exchequer Bills to be so funded should not exceed 14,000,000l . He hoped , notwithstanding the present depression , that no considerable disappointment would take place , and that if not the entire , a considerable proportion of that amount would be funded in the 5 per cents . He had reserved to himself , in case of failure , the power of creating 5 per cents . to meet the deficiency by the loan to be raised for the service of the present year . The right hon . gentleman concluded with moving the following Resolutions : 805 `` That every person interested in or entitled unto any Exchequer Bill or Bills , dated between the 1st of March 1811 and the 14th of Feb. 1812 , who shall carry the same to the office of the Paymasters of Exchequer Bills between the 22d and 29th of Feb. 1812 , both inclusive , ( unless a sum amounting to 14 millions sterling , principal money of the said Bills , shall be sooner subscribed ) , shall be paid the interest that shall become due thereon , respectively , to the 9th of March 1812 , inclusive , and shall have , in exchange for such Bill or Bills , a certificate or certificates to the governor and company of the Bank of England , expressing the principal sum contained in such Bill or Bills , which certificate or certificates shall entitle such person or persons , for every 100l . principal money contained therein , to 108l . capital stock in annuities , after the rate of 5l . per cent . per ann. , to be