misinformed ; he could not believe that any man of sense could entertain the idea that the individuals of any of the nations composing the population of these realms , could be more inclined to crime than any others , and he strongly deprecated the idea . He owned that some neglect had attached to the magistrates in not seeing Williams properly watched ; but he denied , that in his burial they had gone beyond the law against suicides , or done more than the state of the public mind required . He attributed the late increase of offences more to the negligence of the nightly watch , than to the state of the police , which in many instances could not possibly prevent them . In support of this , he stated that his next-door neighbour , in Great Ormond-street , in the parish of St. Andrew and St. George the Martyr , had his house broke open , and considerable property stolen there from . This was done on the part of the thieves with the utmost deliberation , and it was ascertained that no watchman had been seen that night in the street . On enquiry it was found , that by a recent and most whimsical regulation , the watchmen of that parish were allowed two dead flights in the week ; that was , ' they were allowed to absent themselves two nights without fear of being reported , and it so happened that all the watchmen had taken the night of the robbery for one of their dead nights . The hon . and learned gent . believed that many of the crimes which swelled the list produced by his hon . and . 221 learned friend ( sir S. Romilly ) , were only larcenies and warehouse robberies , which it was the duty of the nightly watch to prevent . Indeed he was so convinced that the fault laid entirely with them , that he would have voted against the Amendment , had he not been apprehensive of being left alone . He trusted , that no delay would take place in taking the necessary steps to restore security , to the metropolis . was sorry to detain the House , but could not omit noticing the levity with which a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) had treated the question , as , indeed , he treated most subjects before the House . He could not conceive his motive for attacking his right hon . friend , the Secretary of State , and for asserting that he never had a conference with a magistrate , although his right hon . friend , in his speech , had positively asserted the contrary . He could not conceive his motives , which , however , he attributed to patty-spirit . As to the right hon . gent 's assertions , he would not say they were not true , because it was un-parliamentary , and departing from the solemnity of the debate ; but he would beg the right hon . gent 's pardon , in saying , that he could not possibly believe them . said , that he was sure the hon . gent . had other motives , that restrained him from using such language , than the mere apprehension of seeming too solemn : for his part , he was free to acknowledge , that if the hon . gent . had called his assertions untruths , that instead of looking upon it as a proof of excessive solemnity , he should have rather received it as an instance of absolute vivacity in that hon . gent . For the right hon . Secretary of State he professed the highest respect ; and as the hon . gent . was so much at a loss to account for his motives in attacking the right hon . gent . so much so , indeed , that he had repeated it six times , he would tell him , that his only motives were motives of public duty ; and if the hon . gent . as