, at the time , no other grounds upon which to form his conduct , not having , as he had before stated , received any instructions from his own court . It happened that , about that time , English papers were received at the place to which he was alluding , containing some public dispatches which had been printed by order of that House , and which , if he might be permitted to say so , had better have been kept secret . The instant that these papers were received , the minister , with whom he was in confidence , refused any longer to make those communications to him , alledging , that he could ' not do it consistently with his own safety . If that minister had acted upon that resolution , he ( Mr. Arbuthnot ) would have been at a loss what conduct to pursue . Circumstances had occurred which seemed to indicate that the court , to which that minister belonged , was not so intimately connected with the court of London as he had previously supposed it to be ; although , indeed , as he afterwards ascertained , these were but mere appearances . In the difficulty into which he had been brought , and brought by the indiscreet publication of dispatches at home , he had but one course to pursue . He requested the foreign minister , to whom he was alluding , to inform him at least how the court which that minister represented and the court of London were acting together ; and at the same time he declared to him that , if this information were withheld , he could no longer continue to support his representations . With this request that minister at length complied , but it was upon condition that he would promise , upon his honour , that those communications should not be transmitted to England in his public dispatches . He gave the promise required , but he asked permission to convey the information in private letters , to which , after much entreaty , the minister consented . This circumstance reminded him of an observation made once by a member of that House ( by a noble lord he believed ) that he could not understand what was meant by private letters from foreign ministers . He begged to assure the House , that if it were not for such private communications , no foreign minister would be able to discharge the duties of his mission . An hon . friend of his opposite to him had , upon his mentioning what had 720 happened to himself , related facts to him of a much more curious and important nature . He did not feel himself at liberty to state the particulars ; it was sufficient to say , that even the salvation of Europe might at that time have seemed to depend upon his hon . friend having a free communication with those to whom he was directed to unfold himself confidentially ; but such was the jealousy entertained by all foreigners in consequence of the publicity given to dispatches in this country , that it was considered dangerous to communicate with the ministers of this court . With regard to his own pecuniary accounts , he was so circumstanced that he had no excuse to make for not giving a full detail of them ; there was no explanation which he was not ready and willing to give . [ Here there was a general cry of Hear , hear ! ] But he wished to stand as it were in the gap between the House and other ministers who had been employed in foreign missions , and who , some of them , might be differently circumstanced from himself . It might be urged , that if it were necessary that these secret expences should be incurred , they ought to be defrayed out of the Secret Service Money , not out of the Civil List . The observation would be one which be should not pretend to dispute ; but still it might happen