the Catholics of Ireland into consideration . The right hon . gentleman who followed his right hon . and learned friend in the debate , and whose brilliant and animated speech no one could admire more than himself , had urged the Catholic claims with giant strength , but after putting to flight all the arguments of the opponents of those claims , and dispersing them like chaff before the wind , the right hon . gentleman did at last conclude— '' Oh , conclusion most lame and impotent ! `` —that because his hon . friend ( Mr. Hutchinson ) had 559 given notice of a motion on the subject of the Union in March next , he could not enter into the consideration of the state of Ireland at present ! —The right hon . gentleman had also stated that when the motion before the House was disposed of—and there could be little doubt of the way in which it would be disposed of—that then the subject would be fit for the consideration of the executive government ; and that afterwards , when all pre judices were subdued and when all irritation had subsided , he should think it the time to come forward and give the proposition his concurrence . Thus he ( sir A. P. ) was left in altogether as hopeless a situation by the right hon . gentleman as by his right hon . and learned friend ; for he could not , nor could any man foresee the period of that golden age when prejudices should totally disappear from the earth.—In a question so important to the vital interests of the country he should have concluded that no time ought to be lost , and that no compliance with the wishes of any court—no supposed consideration of what might be agreeable to this or to that quarter—would be allowed to have weight with parliament . He thought it was their duty fully to enquire into the present alarming state of Ireland , and into the nature and consequences of the measures of his Majesty 's government there , which in his opinion required much explanation and justification . It was with great satisfaction that he saw the right hon . gentleman who was minister for Ireland , and must therefore be supposed to have originated and conducted those measures , in his place ; for it was that right hon . gentleman 's duty to explain the way in which Ireland had been driven from the quiet situation in which it was before the enterprises of the Irish government , into its present state of dangerous agitation.—If his Majesty 's ministers would condescend to name any time at which they would be disposed to enter into the question—if they would say in fifteen days for instance—he would not object to the delay ( although he should certainly think that even that was too great a postponement of such an important consideration ) but they would say no such thing ; and he was persuaded that at the expiration of any given period his Majesty 's ministers would be as little disposed to consent to the discussion of the question as at the present moment . It was therefore cruelly trifling with the feelings of the Catholics 560 to play off this political pantomime upon them ; to say to them `` your claims are fit to be received , but they are not fit to be now received ; '' and to point out to them no precise period at which their case might be taken into consideration . But as his Majesty 's ministers did not think proper to point out any time at which the Catholic claims might be taken into consideration ; it was for the House to consider the subject themselves—to consider if it was fit to be entertained at any time ; and if fit to be entertained at all , why it was not fit to be entertained now . What was the situation of the empire ? Was it safe that things should remain in their present state ? The Union had been the occasion of