in the preamble . The right hon . gent . then read a clause in the third section , in order to shew that the only distinction between it and the two former was , that the latter justified the present practice , and authorised its continuance.—Some might think it justifiable to allow the enlistment of foreigners into separate regiments , and yet be of opinion that they ought not to be engrafted into British regiments . If the noble lord thought fit , he might attempt to get the third section repealed . All that he contended for was , that as the law stood , government were justifiable in enlisting foreigners into British regiments . But , admitting that foreigners ought not to be admitted into British regiments , still the extent to which they were admitted 1248 was of material consequence . If this prevailed only to a small extent there might be the less reason for altering the law.—There was another subject introduced by the noble lord which he was not prepared to expect , as no notice had been given of it , and it had no necessary connection with his motion , and that was the appointment of count Munster to be one of the trustees of his Majesty 's private property . He acknowledged himself , if that nomination were a violation of the law , to be alone accountable for it , having distinctly and individually recommended that gentleman to the situation ; for being himself in perfect ignorance of the extent of his Majesty 's private property , and thinking that part of it might be connected with the Hanoverian dominions , it occurred to him , that hardly a person could be appointed more likely to give information concerning it than the individual in question , from the situation which he had lately held . If the House should think this nomination illegal , it would at least be allowed , that what he had done was very natural . At any rate , it was unconnected with the present discussion . He doubted whether it was possible to return all the foreigners employed in our service , as many of them might be unknown , even to their officers ; and it would be necessary to send to Portugal and to the East and West Indies , before a complete return could be made . observed , that a return was sent to the War office every year , containing the name , age , place of birth , and nature of service , of every man in a regiment . With respect to the employment of foreign troops abroad , he thought , in the present state of the world , we could not have too many of them ; but with respect to taking them into English regiments , he was in direct opposition to such a measure . Mixing Germans and English together into one regiment , was like mixing baser metals with gold and silver . The highest testimony had been borne to the superiority of English soldiers in former times , by such men as marshal Turenne and marshal Villars ; and this superiority we had '' still maintained . Would Great Britain ever allow herself to be over-run , and her character to be debased , in the manner of Prussia and Austria ? He was of opinion , therefore , that government might take as many foreigners as they pleased into pay ; but let them still be called mercenaries : complained of the 1249 hardship of inlisting foreign officers into British corps , at a time when there were many British officers willing and anxious to be employed , but who could not get employment . said , that these foreign officers would cease to hold commissions within a limited time after the termination of the war . said , that two or three years ago he bad seen a good deal of the peninsula , and when in Gibraltar he saw about 600 men in our service there , who had belonged to Dupont 's army , among whom a