have been applied in the reduction of the power of the enemy in the Eastern seas , by the conquest of the islands of Bourbon and Mauritius , and by the recent successful operations in the island of Java ; and that this House doth attribute the brilliant and important successes which have crowned our arms in that quarter of the globe to the vigorous system of well-concerted measures so wisely adopted and steadily pursued by Gilbert lord Minto . '' said , that he had not a moment 's hesitation in concurring with the right hon . gent. , that no thanks the House could bestow would be an adequate reward for the gallantry and discipline displayed by the British army ; but however ungracious the task might be , he could not prevail upon himself to say , that the same claim existed on behalf of lord Minto , to justify the pompous phraseology employed in the motion just read . In the first place , it ought to be made oat , that it was not only extremely essential to the success of the undertaking , but that it was absolutely necessary that the governor-general should forsake his station at Bengal , to enter on a voyage for six weeks or two months , to be present at the conquest of Batavia . Nothing but absolute necessity could justify the forsaking of the trust reposed in him elsewhere , Much merit had been attributed to lord Minto from the circumstance , that , at the time the dispatches from this country , authorising him to undertake the expedition against the Mauritius , every thing had been pre- 137 pared for that purpose , and yet on the first check received , the whole object of the armament must have been disappointed , had it not been for the admirable conduct of captain Rowley ( whose merits could not be over-stated ) who maintained , with an inferior force , the honour and superiority of our flag . Whatever applause , therefore , was due to captain Rowley for this circumstance , must of necessity be withdrawn from lord Minto.—The next merit attributed to the governor-general was , that the time of year the expedition against Batavia was undertaken , rendered the success extremely doubtful , and admiral Drury , who had been long in those seas , from the lateness of the season despaired of accomplishing the object ; but that the governor general had made himself , in Bengal , so much more master of the subject than the British naval commander , that it was determined to proceed . The right hon . gent . congratulated the House that lord Minto was so distinguished an admiral , and he hoped that he would likewise prove himself , without the aid of ministers , a great general : it was , however , no great compliment to our naval commanders , who had devoted their attention solely to matters of navigation . For was it to be believed , that so experienced an officer as admiral Drury , was to be instructed by the governor-general ? and in this instance too , if any merit were due to lord Minto , it must be detracted in the same proportion from admiral Drury.—The right hon . gent . said he could by no means concur in the opinion expressed , that the importance of the acquisition to the nation was not to be contemplated in a question of this kind.— '' You must not . '' said the Chancellor of the Exchequer , `` enter upon that , for it will be sure to produce a difference of opinion . '' Unquestionably sir Samuel Auchmuty , colonel Gillespie , and the other brave soldiers engaged , had done their duty in obeying the orders of their superiors , and they deserved a reward for their valour ; but when it was demanded of the House to pass a vote of thanks to the planner of the expedition , because it had succeeded , surely it would not be denied that now was the most proper time to