country was likely to be falsified in the same manner as the Estimates of 1804 had been . There were 170,000l . taken from the civil list and 120,000l . added to it ; but then they were also to recollect that the Prince of Wales enjoyed an exchequer income beyond what was appropriated to the civil list , of 70,000l . which , on the whole , made his income 20,000l . a year more than that enjoyed by his Majesty . But this was not all . This sum was to form a fund , over which parliament was to have no controul . He did not doubt that it would , by the Prince Regent , be applied most honourably and properly ; but , as a member of parliament , he must declare it to be a monstrous proposition , that the person entrusted with the royal functions should have a fund of 70,000l . uncontrolled by parliament , and only appearing in a parenthesis in the speech of the minister . This alone was , in his opinion , a sufficient objection to the bill ; but there were many others . Her Majesty was appointed to the control of the king 's household , with 170,000l . a year as one civil list , and another civil list was granted to the Prince Regent . By this plan two privy purses were established . The Prince of Wales , indeed , as administering the royal authority , was certainly entitled to that appendage to royalty ; but he could see no reason for the same being continued to the King in his retirement . Would the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer tell him , which of the two came under Mr. Burke 's bill ? How were the charges on the privy purse to stand ? Were they to remain on that left with the Queen for his Majesty , 338 or be transferred to that which accompanied the Regent ? If not so transferred the Regent would have 130,000l . not under parliamentary control ; and if they were , her Majesty would have 70,000l . a year to pay physicians , and the surplus would go to the augmentation of that private property , the amount of which they had no means of ascertaining , but which must already be enormous . The consequence was , that the privy purse , instead of belonging to the office of king , came to belong to the man , which was a complete perversion of its meaning and intention . Would the House , then , act honourably towards the country if they agreed to this vote of money , apparently to augment a fund already abundantly too large ? He could not think that even 35,000l . could be expended annually on physicians ; but if twice that sum were necessary , let it be shewn , and he was ready to vote it ; but he never ' would consent to recognize a privy purse to the king as a man , which was wisely given to him by parliament , as connected with the office of the kingly government . This also formed one of his main objections to the measure . The bill , he was aware , was not easily comprehended ; but now , when gentlemen must see to what an objectionable extent it went , he put it to the House , whether they could consent to pass it , before they had every particle of information connected with it before them ? He must remind them , that in what they were now doing they must consider themselves as providing for a new reign ; and could they consent to do this on the loose and imperfect statements of which they were in possession ? If they did , they ran the risk of placing the Prince Regent in a situation attended with the most unpleasant circumstances . He ought to ascend the throne with the confidence of the people ; and could this be the case if he was put in possession