subsequent act of parliament , specifying the counties in which they were at the time of their appointment , and now are acting justices , stating where their qualifications ace , and what they are , and whether they hold any other office under government , 240 or have any pension for themselves or their wives from government . `` —ordered , said , that his hon . and learned friend ( Sir S. Romilly ) on a former evening ( see p. 199 ) in stating the comparative increase of crimes in the metropolis , had inadvertently fallen into an error . His hon . and learned friend had said , that the increase from 1805 to 1810 , amounted to 525 criminal cases . Now in the statement of the num-number of commitments in the year 1809 , his hon . and learned friend had unintentionally , made it 1,342 instead of 1,242 ; and in the number committed in 1810 , he had included those sent for trial to the sessions of the peace for the county of Middlesex , as well as to the Old Bailey . He allowed that an increase of 208 committals had taken place—not 525 as advanced by his hon . and learned friend . To place the fact in its true point of view , he should move , '' That there be laid before this House , a Return of the number of persons charged with criminal offences committed to the different gaols in the cities of London and Westminster , and county of Middlesex , for trial at the several Sessions held at the Old Bailey , in the years 1806,1807,1808 , 1809 , and 1810. begged to assure the right hon . Secretary , that the mistake was not made on his part , but must he with the right hon . Secretary himself . The numbers he had stated were taken from the returns on the table of the House ; and he could certainly pledge himself to the accuracy of his statement . Although he had not those returns now before him , yet his memory was very tenacious on that point , and he would even from recollection state them to him again . In 1806 the number was 899 ; in 1807 , 1,017 ; in 1808 , 1,110 ; in 1809 , 1,242 ; and in 1810 , 1,424 . It was true , that in some of the newspapers the right hon . gentleman might have found his statement misrepresented , but if he had been attended to himself , there would have been no cause for the present complaint of inaccuracy . persisted in his former assertion , and explained particularly that his hon . and learned friend had stated the increase on the whole of the years to be 525 , when it was actually 208. vouched for the accuracy of his hon . and learned friend 's statement . , in pursuance of the notice he had given , rose to call the attention of the House to a question , which was simply this , Whether the crown had the power to use certain funds , certain enormous sums of money , without any grant from parliament , or even without its privity ? This was a subject of the gravest importance , inasmuch as it involved the consideration of the best privilege of the House of Commons ; of that privilege , —the power of granting or refusing the supplies , —which was the great and the only security that the people had in their representatives against the influence and encroachments of the crown . He need only state thus briefly the general nature of the subject , for the House at once to perceive the necessity of being alive to its importance ; but he would humbly suggest , that it was now , more than at any other time , the imperious duty of the House to look to the assertion of their privileges : now , that an arrangement was on foot , which ought not to be finally settled before some decision was