interruption ? Was not such , however , the recent conduct of the Irish Catholics ; and was their conduct , contrary as it was to law , and pregnant as it might have proved with the most dangerous consequences to the state , to be allowed to pass unnoticed and unchecked ? That indeed would be an in- 421 stance of blind and extraordinary partiality and favour towards the Roman Catholics.—The noble earl next entered into a vindication of the late judicial proceedings in Ireland , and contended that it was the indispensable duty of the courts to proceed as they had done . It was not surely to be allowed , that pictures of sedition were every day to be exhibited with impunity , without any interference on the part of any of the constituted authorities of the country ; that would unquestionably not be the surest means of improving the condition of Ireland . No ! the prosperity and happiness of the united kingdom would only be promoted by mutual sacrifices , by reciprocal forbearance , and by the harmony of the exertions and energies of both , as cordially co-operating against the machinations and the violence of the common enemy . The question was a question of expediency , and such being the impression of his mind he must vote against the motion . called the attention of the House to the meaning and operation of the Act of Union , as far as it had hitherto influenced the prosperity of Ireland , because he thought it connected very closely and materially with the question in debate . If indeed , it should be found that his native country had been considerably benefited by this measure , and had reaped any of those advantages which had been held out to her eleven years ago , she might certainly bear , with the greatest patience and fortitude , any deprivations which she had experienced , and which he had severely felt and deeply regretted . That any advantages had resulted to her , from the compact , was certainly not the case of Ireland , and much less of the Catholics : what she had lost by the Union was registered in the mind of every Irishman ; what she had gained was a matter of much more difficult calculation , if not of mere conjecture . She had been deprived of her legislature , of her metropolis , and even of her name as a nation : the commonwealth had been reduced to a dispirited population ; above all , she had been most deeply wounded by being deprived of the domestic residence of the greater part of her nobility and gentry , which had tended , mote than any other , to keep the remaining population , ignorant and debased . The happy fruits that had been reaped , he must leave to the determination of noble lords on the other side of the House , who were better 422 able to judge , having most tasted them ; but Ireland was now left barren and unprofitable . It was asserted by some , and denied by others , that at the time of the Union , an assurance ( equal in all honourable minds to a solemn treaty ) was given to the Irish Catholics that they should be relieved from the hardships and difficulties under which they laboured . Such was the statement . Whether the Catholics ought to have paid so high a price for this expect action , might be reasonably disputed ; but of this his lordship was sure , that without this expectation the Union would never have been effected . The very essence of union was reciprocation of interest and participation in civil rights , and where these objects were not accomplished , but the prosperity of the one depended on the poverty of the other , nothing but alienation of feeling and discord of sentiment could ensue . It was for parliament to determine whether it was more advantageous that both should prosper , or one only be successful and happy . The conclusion that the contemplation