these outrages . They had been dispersed in small bodies , and made to perform the duties of civil officers . He might be mistaken as to the force of the law as it stood , but why then not inquire ? The truth was , that it had been 20 years on the statute book , and never put in execution in one instance . How could ministers say that a law was inefficient which had never been tried ? and yet they were not ashamed to come down , and propose to resort to this last dreadful extremity . No ; the fault was not in the weakness of 978 the punishment of the present law , but in the want of execution . Let their lordships compare the punishment of transportation for 14 years with the crime of breaking a stocking-frame . Was not the punishment commensurate to the crime ? Aye , more than commensurate . His lordship then read some passages from the Bill , front which it appeared , that the intent to commit the crime of breaking a lace-thread , or damaging a web , rendered the offender liable to the pains of death . To this there could be only one answer , —that the punishment would never be inflicted . But as long as he lived , in a country governed by law he never would consent to put it in the power of the crown to put a fellow subject to death for damaging a piece of cotton or lace . was about to put the question , when observed , that it was of importance to know what the object of noble lords on the other side was in proposing this Bill . Was it to inflict the penalty of death for the offence stated by his noble friend , as it appeared by the words of the Bill ? stated , that the wording of the Bill was a matter for discussion in the committee , but the Bill was framed from other bills of a similar nature with reference to machinery . observed , that it was of importance to know the intent of ministers in proposing a clause in the Bill , inflicting the penalty of death upon the intent to commit the offence described by his noble friend . thought that the House ought not to go on in the conisderation of the Bill , until they had some information of what the precise object of ministers was in proposing this Bill ; and with that view he moved that the debate be adjourned till Monday . stated , that the principle of the Bill was to punish a certain offence with death ; the mode of carrying that principle into effect , was matter for discussion in the committee . observed , that allowing the principle of the Bill to be to punish a certain offence with death , the nature of that offence was a part of the principle of the Bill , and before they could vote for the second reading they ought to be informed what offence it was intended to punish . stated , that un-doubtedly it was the intention of government 979 to inflict the punishment of death instead of transportation , and the clauses describing the offence were copied from the Bill , which rendered it a transportable offence . said , that what had been stated by the noble lord , was indeed a still stronger reason for adjourning the debate till Monday . Here was a minister , who came down to parliament to inflict the punishment of death upon his fellow-citizens , but for what offence that minister knew not . It was in truth for the credit of ministers themselves that this debate should be adjourned , in order that they might be enabled to explain what offence they intended to punish with death . But whatever they might think , he could not give his vote that the House should be involved in the infamy of going to the second reading of a Bill for inflicting the punishment of death upon their fellow-citizens