. bore testimony to the liberal and hospitable manner in which the right hon . gentleman , who spoke last , had supported the honour of his official station when on a mission from this country at the court of Sweden . , in complimenting the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Arbuthnot ) on his general conduct as art ambassador , and the credit with which he had acquitted himself in different missions to Sweden , Portugal and Turkey , could not help saying that his right hon . friend had given him credit for a forbearance and liberality which he did not merit . He was not so circumstanced as his right hon . friend , who had gone through the different gradations of the foreign line , and had made it his profession , and was therefore fully entitled to the remuneration for his services which a pension offered.—The noble lord then explained the items charged to his mission at St. Peterburgh . The first was 5,000l . in 1806 , incurred , while following the Emperor of Russia through Germany ; and the second in 1808 , when he was suddenly recalled , an insurance of 25 per cent had been imprudently effected by his banker , on the effects belonging to the embassy , which it would be hard that he should pay . On the whole he could assure the House , that he was very far from being a gainer by those missions said , that of all the persons who ever undertook a foreign embassy , no one was less likely or less inclined to shelter himself behind the secrecy connected with that station than the marquis Wellesley . That noble lord 735 went out on a special mission ; the amount of the charge against his name was 16,903l . ; but when deductions were made from that sum , which arose from the loss of several effects , and from other causes , his expences would be found reduced to 12,000l . : and when it was considered that the marquis had to keep a table for all the officers who resorted to him , in a country where the necessaries of life were then extremely dear , the House would judge whether that sum was more exorbitant than his station and situation required . * could not held remarking how reasonable all the expences connected with the foreign missions had been found , when they had thus been subjected to minute examination . There were , however , many secret sources of expenditure , which it would be inconvenient to the public service , and ruinous to individuals , to explain . As the object of the proposed committee was to said , he would not be bound in the committee by what the right hon . gentleman had stated . He did not wish to push the examination of the civil list expenditure to an unnecessary extreme ; but if it should be found that a veil of secrecy had been thrown over certain items , he should like to know whether those said , that the honour of any of the gentlemen who had been employed on missions to foreign courts , was a sufficient pledge for the accuracy of their statements , and he was sensible of the inconvenience and difficulty attached to the transactions with foreign courts , under the circumstances of publicity which all proceedings were subjected to here . But the great view of the question was , what practical examination those accounts should be submitted to—what was the manner in which they should be audited ? It was necessary to have some rule by which they should be guided . He concluded by moving , as an amendment , that there be added to the original motion , `` And that the said committee do further inquire into all the casual and hereditary sources of revenue which have accrued to his Majesty , and report their opinion thereupon to the House . '' said , that , as he was proposed to be one of the committee , he should be glad