. If he really and sincerely believes in this cause of apprehension , the right hon . gentleman may take up every oath from your table , and bum them one after the other , for they are no longer any safeguard against the 556 encroachments of Popery . If such a position be true , the Roman Catholic may at any moment walk into this House , swear to every one of them , take his seat , and vote in the united parliament ; if false , on what rests our alarm ? The right hon . and learned gentleman again testifies much apprehension at what he terms the physical force of four millions of Irish papists : why , Sir , if you are afraid of them , you have either done too much , or too little . You have given them arms—nay you have forced them to take arms—if you found the Irish Roman Catholic peasant poaching on your manor , you sent him to man your fleets , —if you found the Irish peasant at his plough , you ballotted him into the militia : you have , then , given him arms ; —you have forced him to take arms . And I will say , you have seen him use those arms , and bravely too , in your defence . You saw him , in the 88th regiment , entirely composed of Irish Catholics , driving the French at the bayonet 's point from the heights of Busaco . You saw him again , in the 87th regiment , equally composed of Irish Catholics , tearing the French eagle from its staff on the plains of Barrosa , and it is but the other day , that you saw the same 87th defending against a superior French force the hitherto considered untenable town of Tariffa , and prepared to defend the breach with a `` living wall of men . '' You have , then , given him arms ; you have taught him to use them ; you have seen him use them ; but you have not given him the first incentive to a soldier 's ambition , the hope of promotion for brave and honourable exertion in the duties of his profession . We have heard much , both in this House and out of it , of a fear that the number of conversions to our faith would be much diminished , if the Catholic religion were admitted to the same civil rights with it . To answer this argument , we need , I think , only refer it to our own feelings , and I confess that , referring it to my feelings , I should be tempted to say that , were I the representative of an old Roman Catholic family , disgusted , perhaps , with many of the ceremonial follies of my own faith , and unattached to any one of its polemical doctrines , no inducement under heaven should operate with me to make me desert the religion of my forefathers , so long as it laboured under civil incapacities , no inducement should make me place myself before the gaze of my countrymen 557 as an object for the finger of scorn and malice to point at , for the whisper of suspicion to say to , `` You are the man who , it is possible , may have abandoned your religion for your interest , who may have deserted your God for political influence . '' Good God , Sir , it is making our Protestant religion a stigma of disgrace to its proselytes ; it is rendering those proselytes themselves objects of suspicion both to the Catholics whose faith they have abandoned , and to the Protestants , whose faith they have embraced . Then to what is it that we are to still refer the principle of exclusion which we ; see acted upon by the right hon . gentlemen opposite ? Do they believe the Irish Catholic to be disaffected to our constitution ? No . Do they believe him to be disaffected to our