principle was at all times practically true , never was there a period at which it ought to be more vigilantly acted up to , than at the present crisis , when the highest and most opulent orders of the community sorely felt that pressure , beneath which the lowest orders had been bowed to the very dust . How far , then , was this great constitutional principle observed or departed from , in the introduction and progress of this bill ? No man would deny that this bill imposed additional and weighty burdens on the people ; but had previous inquiry proved the necessity of these fresh impositions ? and if they had not , was the House doing its duty towards that people that had entrusted them with the disposal of their property , when they voted away any portion of that property , without being first convinced of the necessity that called for it ? He had listened with attention to the course of the debates upon this bill , and had heard much of what was due to the King , and much of what was due to the Regent , but nothing of what was due to the people . He had no wish to refuse every supply absolutely necessary ; but he could not hear the proposition made to that House , as if the only fit subject of inquiry was , how much the executive demanded , and not how much an oppressed people could reasonably spare . It was putting the question as if the claims of the monarch were indefinite—as if the monarch was every thing and 406 the people nothing . He was the more jealous of any conduct that could give rise to imputation of that kind , because he knew how to value the monarchical part of the constitution , and it was because he was anxious that it might always find its root in the affections of the country , that he was at all times jealous of any misconduct of ministers that could have a tendency to soil it with suspicion ; every day was pregnant with one great lesson , that monarchies had their best foundation in the reciprocal discharge of the social compact between the governors and the governed . But how had ministers acted up to this old constitutional principle ? They had not only not produced but refused to produce the accounts sought for . There was , for instance , an additional 70,000l . a year charged upon the people—was this necessary ? Where were the documents—where the evidence to prove its necessity ? The bill also empowered the Prince to reserve 70,000l . a year from his exchequer income , for the purpose of paying his debts . Why not pay them at once ? He was aware of his liability to be misunderstood , but that should not deter him from the frank avowal of his sentiments . The public had an interest in having the royal mind relieved from the degrading difficulties of pecuniary embarrassment . The royal mind should be devoted to , if not engrossed by the great care of providing for the security and honour of his people : but pecuniary pressures were of that nature , that where they existed , they must be peculiarly goading to every well-organized mind , whether the individual was a peasant or a prince . He thought it , therefore , a public duty to remove at once this unseemly load from the head of the government : but the measure proposed by ministers left this weight of debt to linger away by degrees , and not in a dignified manner to be dismissed at once . In 1803 , he had voted for the increase to the Prince , but he had also , in the same year , opposed the motion of an hon . gentleman for the payment of the Prince 's debts , because he thought , though no such declaration had been made to the House , that it was the general opinion , that a satisfactory arrangement had been made between