of their existing extent , had that noble lord been deprived of the support of that part of the army which had arisen out of the liberal policy on which the present proposition was founded . That such was the true character of the Portuguese army was felt by the enemy at Busaco , who considered it as British , and attributed it to lord Wellington as a stratagem of war , that for the purpose of alluring an attack , he had clothed the British soldiers in the Portuguese uniform . Another ground for granting this sum was , that it would be applied and administered under the inspection of British officers . Never had any subsidy been afforded , for the faithful application of which such complete security existed as this to the government of Portugal . There was another view to be taken of the subject . This was not money granted to Portugal in exoneration of any charges which she might fairly be expected to bear herself . The government of Great Britain had frequently on former occasions been accused of thus unnecessarily subsidising foreign powers . But this remark was not applicable to Portugal . It was a satisfactory and interesting fact , and one which he was sure the committee would learn with pleasure , that such had been the financial exertions of Portugal , that at the present moment , after all the efforts of the war , after the country-had been in the temporary possession of the enemy , and had been drained even by that temporary possession , the revenue of Portugal , applicable to the prosecution of the war , was at a higher point than before the commencement of the contest . The Portuguese government was in the actual collection of a greater revenue , and cherished hopes that by measures now in progress , that revenue would be considerably increased . They came to the British parliament only to assist them in making those exertions adequate to the great cause in which the two countries 1302 were so deeply interested . On the whole , therefore , he trusted that although there might be ground for doubting the expediency of such a proposition as the present , when originally made , yet as the experience of the two last years had completely disproved the soundness of those apprehensions , the committee would , by an unanimous decision , mark the feeling of respect which they entertained for the exertions , and for the fidelity of Portugal ; for it was a proud circumstance for that country , that when it was overrun for a time by the enemy—when the British army , actuated by motives of profound military policy , retired to Torres Vedras that they might again advance with greater effect—the faith of the Portuguese remained inviolate ; there was not the most momentary adherence on their part to the enemy ; they submitted to all the military inflictions which their firmness occasioned ; they bore the devastation of their country without repining ; and in no single instance were they false to the common interest . The noble lord concluded by moving the following Resolution : `` That it is the opinion of this committee , that a sum not exceeding two millions , be granted to his Majesty , to enable him to continue to maintain in his pay a body of Portuguese Troops , and to give such further aid and assistance to the government of Portugal as the nature of the contest in which his Majesty is engaged , may appear to him to require . '' denied that the noble lord had satisfied his mind with respect to the propriety of the proposed grant . The noble lord had adverted not to the general state of the war , but to the particular state of Portugal . To all that the noble lord had said in praise of the exertions of Portugal , he heartily subscribed . But he could not allow an additional burden of two millions to be imposed upon the country , without bringing back to the recollection of