believed most deservedly , possessed great influence over their people , and therefore it was for the general good of society , that this body of men should be well educated and instructed . With these impressions , he should move , that instead of 9,000l . the sum of 13,000l . be inserted . said , that he was prepared to resist this enlargement of the original grant ; and if this had been the first time of proposing the grant itself , he did not hesitate to say that he would vote against it . He did not wish to debar the professors of any religion of its most enlarged and liberal toleration , but he was not for giving a hostile religion the power of making proselytes , and this he conceived 1228 had been the effect of the establishment of Maynooth College . He would not , under existing circumstances , go the length of voting that the original grant should be taken away ; but he most solemnly and seriously assured the House , that acting on the principles which he professed , if the present had been a call on the House for money for the purpose of endowing a Roman Catholic college , he would not give a single pound towards it . declared , that he never felt more astonishment nor indignation than he did at hearing what had just fallen from the right hon . gentleman . The right hon . gentleman argued against the principle of educating the Irish Catholic clergy , when he must have recollected that Maynooth College was founded during the most violent period of Irish history , and when Europe began to be in hostility against these countries . The Irish Catholic clergy must have been educated ' at home or no where . The right hon . gentleman did not appear to consider in what an ungracious situation he was placing the House . At this particular moment , such a paltry sum as 8,000l . was grudged to the mass of the population of Ireland , while the House was prodigal of the public money in every other respect , even in the support of sinecure pensions and places . One good , however , must result from this conduct of the right hon . gentleman , and that was , that Ireland would be able to judge of the spirit and temper of the ministry to which he belonged ; that Ireland would be able to see how willing the minister was to add to their burthens , and how unwilling to lessen or alleviate their grievances . ( of Kerry ) supported the enlarged grant . He denied , that any system of proselytism had been promoted by the establishment of Maynooth College . There were six converts from the Catholics to every one from amongst the Protestants . opposed the Amendment , not because be considered the enlargement of any consequence in an economical point of view , but because he was against the principle of the grant altogether . At the same time , from the commencement of this establishment , parliament had granted for its support about 160,000l . and that was no paltry pittance . According to the right hon . baronet 's calculation , the number of priests required , every year was 59 ; and was it not enough , for the public to educate 40 out of that 1229 number ? He supported the grant as it stood , because it was one of those which the parliament of Ireland thought wise to preserve at the Union , —because he found it in fact given over to England as part of the Union . If the grant had been fairly open to opposition after the Union , he certainly should have been disposed to resist it ; because he thought , on principle , that it was wrong for a state endeavouring to establish a particular system of religion , to provide a public supply for the maintenance , encouragement , and propagation of another . The House now supported charitably , 40 out of