that from any thing within his own knowledge , or the information he had received from his hon . friends , there was not the least grounds of suspicions whatever against the police magistrates , and he could not see any reason why that should be enforced against the police magistrates , which was not enforced against all the other magistrates of the country . He objected to the motion , because it called upon them to bring proof against themselves of having acted illegally , and whatever a man stated against himself was evidence against him , and the conceived the House might direct a prosecution , wherein his own admission might be evidence against him . considered that there was a great distinction between the police magistrates and the magistrates of counties , the one acted voluntarily without any pay , the other was handsomely paid by the public ; and as servants of the public , and paid by the public , their conduct was equally liable to be enquired into by that House as any collector of the revenue , or any other public officer . said , he did not rise to oppose the Bill , but he thought it incumbent on him to state his reasons for not doing so . He had on former occasions maintained , and still maintained the principle , that it was impolitic to stop the distillation from grain , because such a measure tended to the discouragement of the agriculture of the country , and he was convinced that to keep up the distillation from grain was the best method of insuring a supply of food for a year of scarcity , when it should become absolutely necessary to prevent the consumption of grain in the distilleries . It was very questionable , whether the produce of the late harvest had been so deficient as had been stated ; but under the circumstances in which we were placed , and when scenes were exhibited in the country which had never before been seen in it , he thought it would be better to lean to the safe side , and not to run the risk of increasing any scarcity that already existed . It was upon this ground , therefore , that he did not oppose the Bill ; the measure was , however , very objectionable in another point of view . His Majesty 's ministers having the means of ascertaining the deficiency in the produce of the late harvest , ought undoubtedly to have called parliament together for the purpose of taking the earliest possible steps to counteract the evil , or if there was any inconvenience in assembling parliament , they ought to have acted upon their responsibility in stopping the distilleries , and come to parliament for an indemnity . As it was , a quantity of spirits had already been distilled from grain , sufficient , in many parts of the country , for the consumption of the year , and the present measure could only apply to the quantity distilled for the succeeding year . He thought it right to say a few words before he sat down upon the observations which had been made upon the rejection of a similar measure by the House last session , which had been brought up from the Commons . Nothing could be more unfounded than those observations , as there was not at that period any scarcity to justify suspending the distillation from grain , and therefore the House acted perfectly right in rejecting the Bill . said that no time bad been lost in bringing forward the present measure . It was always difficult , in the early part of the season , to ascertain the extent of any deficiency in the produce of the harvest . The best criterion was the prices ; and when it was found that the harvest had turned out so much more unproductive than general report had at first assumed , a decision was taken to stop the distillation from grain ; and subsequent to that decision , no prorogation of parliament took place . As to