war , yet his opinions would lead him to starve it . That would , indeed , be carrying on the war so as to be burdensome , while at the same time it afforded no probability of succeeding in any one object of it . Though he still thought it would have been wiser to have acted differently , yet it should be recollected , that there was nothing so disgraceful to the character of a great nation as a changeable vacillating policy . It often happened in the concerns of nations , that it was better to pursue a course which was not in the first instance rightly , selected , than to give it 1306 up altogether , after following it for a considerable time . If we now abandoned it , or did what was almost the same thing , starved it , and if we thus suffered the French to gain nearly all their objects , what would any statesman say—what would all Europe say to our conduct ? They might say that when we were unsuccessful , —when we were defeated in our objects , —when oar gallant general was slain , then we were disposed to continue the war ; but that now , when we had obtained brilliant successes , —when we had secured our position in the peninsula , —when our armies were commanded by one of the greatest generals of modern times ; now , a new light had broken in upon us ; now , we found that we could not afford to continue the means of farther success ; now , we felt ourselves indisposed to grant the necessary succours to our allies ! His hon . friend thought it discreditable to the Portuguese character to be paid by England . But what was the fact ? The Portuguese had first done all that was in their power , and then they received our assistance to make still greater efforts . His hon . friend said , that we , in England , would not think of being paid by another nation for defending ourselves . God forbid that such an event should ever happen as to drive us to a question of such a nature ! Should the necessity of defending ourselves in our own land occur , we should , doubtless , perform all that lay within the compass of our own ability ; and he trusted that we should feel no necessity to resort to the supplies of other governments . But really he could discern nothing disgraceful in the conduct of the Portuguese , who , without the financial means of exerting all their powers , and calling forth all their own resources , received the pecuniary assistance of their allies in a common cause . What they had done , had been the practice of some of the greatest states in Europe : several instances of which , he imagined , his hon . friend approved of . What had been the case respecting our allies during the whole of the war for near twenty years ? Was it ever said , that the emperor of Germany was a disgraced person because he accepted pecuniary loans and subsidies from this country , to enable him to send his armies into the field ? But if affording pecuniary aid to Portugal were expedient , and justifiable on the score of policy , it was yet much more so at present , on the 1307 ground of honour . In fact , we were pledged as strongly as we could be to assist Portugal ; and she had done nothing lately to forfeit the fulfilment of our promises of support ; he meant not that hollow , niggardly , illusive support that some recommended ; but a real , efficient , and vigorous assistance . With regard to Spain , he thought that if she had ever deserved our aid , she deserved it peculiarly at the present time ; for she had lately endeavoured to increase her own means of resistance , especially in her abolition of a weak and execrable government . He