unfit and unworthy of associating amongst them : it was at all events a power , which , when compared with the other extraordinary privileges assumed by parliament , appeared to him to be , of all others , the least liable to abuse ; because if any member was expelled from any motives of party zeal , or personal persecution , a remedy would be open to him in an appeal to his constituents , who , if they thought differently of his conduct , could unquestionably restore him to his seat . This must be the case if elections were what the constitution meant they should be—fair and open , and general throughout the country : if the people who paid the taxes really sent to that House the persons whom the constitution entrusted with the province of levying them , why then there could be no difficulty , because there could be little fear of the people not confirming the sentence of expulsion passed on any gross defaulter , by refusing to re-elect so unworthy a representative . But since the anomaly of private boroughs , since the introduction of persons into that House , who came in professedly to vote at the beck of the borough proprietor , a great difficulty arose—if one of those persons was expelled , might he not be sent back to the House upon the same , or some other borough interest ; or if he had purchased a seat in 1188 that House and was expelled , could he not , if he had the money , purchase another ? The truth was , that if a person so circumstanced thought proper to maintain his footing in that House , there would be no remedy . The hon . gentleman with whom the present question had originated , bad talked of that House as a high court , and yet he gave rather a singular description of this court , which had no rules , no regulations of its own , no principles , nothing but the then will and pleasure of the fluctuating body , of which that House might be at any time composed . Such was , in his mind , a most extraordinary court of justice ! But as to the right of that assembly to expel one of its own members , he thought there could be little doubt of the right of every body to try to purify itself . He understood , that , in 1809 , the members of the Stock Exchange had expelled Mr. Walsh for what they termed to be gross and nefarious conduct ; now , certainly , if the feelings of the gentlemen upon Change were so sore at the idea of associating with Mr. Walsh , he did not see why that House , even constituted as it-then was , should not be allowed the privilege of removing from themselves , in a similar way , an annoyance of the same kind . There was no doubt , he believed , that Mr. Walsh had purchased the seat he then held in that House . It appeared , in the investigation of his books and accounts before the commissioners of bankruptcy , that there was an item of 5,000l . charged on the assets of Mr. Walsh , on account of his seat in that House , and such odd and whimsical confusion did it produce amongst the commissioners , that after ineffectual efforts to meet the difficulty , they were obliged to resort to delay to evade it , and soon after Mr. Walsh 's debts were paid , the bankruptcy-superseded , and the matter heard no more of . With respect to the proceedings recently had against Mr. Walsh , they appeared to him to be of a nature the most inconsistent , incongruous , and absurd . There had been a trial and no trial , an offence and no offence , a pardon and no pardon . Mr. Walsh had been indicted for felony , tried and convicted , but the verdict was a false one . How came this ? It was