for the repeal of the act of the 39th of Elizabeth , by which soldiers and sailors , found begging , were subjected to death . The hon . and learned gentleman had said , that the legislature was disgraced by this act . In consequence of this assertion , he had had the curiosity to examine who were on the committee that prepared the Bill , and there among other great names , he found those of sir Walter Raleigh and sir Francis Bacon : he found , too , that the act was called for by the necessity of the times . The soldiers and sailors who were disbanded committing great depredations , two committees were formed , one to see what could be done to relieve them , the other to produce the Bill complained of , which , in fact , was no more than a proclamation , desiring them to disperse within a given time—and certainly he saw no disgrace in the measure . It was a hard necessity on parliament to be compelled to legislate in such cases , and to enact severe punishments ; but whatever might be the tenderness of feeling that every member must necessarily have on such a subject , he was at the same time bound to discharge his duty with firmness . When enormous crimes were committed , and the physical strength of the populace opposed to the magistracy , all the laws of the land were set at defiance . The present evil did not consist in breaking a piece of machinery ; and the law proposed , was not merely to protect individual property , but proceeded on a broader principle . When the disturbances took place in the woollen , the silk , and the cotton trades , laws were made enacting the offences felony , without benefit of clergy , and there was no reason why a similar security should not be afforded to the subject in the present instance . took upon himself to assert , that in some instances the military employed to deter the rioters had been attacked by persons provided with arms , and that it often happened that the depredators effected their purpose of destroying frames by the use of offensive weapons . If any thing could supersede the necessity of inquiry , and show the danger of delay , it would be such a statement . The origin of the late outrages certainly was the decay of trade , and as the distress not only affected the district round Nottingham , but was extended into 817 Leicestershire , he was of opinion that the Bill should have a more general operation . He was firmly convinced , not only of the necessity , but of the immediate necessity of some strong measure to produce and secure the public tranquillity . observed , that he should be extremely sorry if the inhabitants of the district in question , should be , as it were , taken out of the King 's protection by this Bill , without serious antecedent examination of the necessity of making the offence capital . According to his apprehension , the arguments of his hon . friend ( Mr. Frankland ) tended to a very different conclusion from that to which he had arrived . When his hon . friend had quoted the high authority of sir Walter Raleigh and sir Francis Bacon upon this subject , he took it for granted at first , that his hon . friend meant the House to follow the example in which they took a part : for his hon . friend had stated , that the Bill then passed was introduced after the report of a Committee of Enquiry . Parliament , it therefore appeared , did not then think it right to extend the penal code without an enquiry into the necessity of doing so : and surely parliament ought to be as cautious now ; particularly when a proposition was made to apply capital punishment to a particular district . According to his hon . friend 's arguments , the House should follow the precedent