circular letter . This was the plain and simple state of the case ; and I can not avoid saying , that it is a pity , when gentlemen take so much pains to vilify government , they do not take equal pains to ascertain the facts upon which they found their slanders . I will not dwell farther upon the proceedings of last year—I will only state , that we had hoped , that the lenity with which we acted , would have been met by a corresponding conduct on the part of the Catholic Committee . I must observe , however , that the fate of the duke of Richmond , and of those who had the honour of advising him , is rather hard . They endeavoured to prevent the mischief which they saw was likely to ensue ; they determined not to allow the Committee to assemble ; they intended to stop the elections , and they did stop them ; the ten persons which were ordered to be returned from each county last year , in point of fact , never did assemble ; and yet , because the Irish Government thought it proper to permit small bodies of the Committee to meet without molestation , it was immediately said , that they had abandoned the measures which they had rashly undertaken , and that the Catholic 573 Committee had triumphed over them . Because , however , the government have now thought proper to interfere with meetings that were likely to become dangerous to the tranquillity of the country , the epithets of madness , folly , intemperance , and intolerance , were immediately applied to them . With what justice those epithets had been so applied , I will leave to the candour of the House to determine.—When we saw danger , we acted ; when we saw the public tranquillity menaced , we interfered to preserve it ; —when we thought there was no danger , we suffered the Committee to proceed , in the hope that they would find out their error , and that they would not persist in a system pregnant with such general mischief . I now come to that part where it is necessary that I should enter into a detail of the measures of the Irish government , which have called forth the animadversions of the hon . and learned gentleman . When I returned to my duty in Ireland , it was impossible for me not to consider , that parliament had sanctioned the conduct of the Irish government , and that the lord lieutenant would be fully warranted in proceeding as he had formerly done , if the necessity of the case , in his judgment , required it . I shall now proceed , with the leave of the House , to state the circumstances that led to the proclamation as shortly as I can ; and detail , with the most unreserved candour , all the subsequent proceedings of the Irish government . On the 9th of July last , an aggregate meeting of the Catholics was held in Dublin ; at this meeting certain Resolutions were entered into . With the permission of the House , I will state what was the nature of those Resolutions , and in what they differed from those passed in the preceding January . By the Resolutions of the 24th of May , 1809 , readopted in 1810 , it was resolved , `` that the noblemen and gentlemen are not representatives of the Catholic body , or any portion thereof , or shall they assume or pretend to be representatives of the Catholic body , or any portion thereof . '' When I was arguing this question last year , I stated , that there was enough in this Resolution to afford a ground for belief that the Catholics had the Convention act in their mind , and that they would not violate it . But , on the 9th of July last , the meeting , aware of the construction of the Convention act , aware of all the agitation that had been