some convenience to ministers , but contended that it injured freedom of discussion , and impeded members of parliament in the discharge of their duty . The Resolution of last session had been suggested by the inconvenience to public business , which the long inquiries of the two preceding sessions had occasioned . Those inconveniences , however , would probably not recur in the present session , and even if they did , they were not , in his opinion , so weighty as the evils attendant upon the regulation proposed by the right hon . gent . If , however , any regulation of that nature was to be adopted , at least it ought to be one of impartial justice . This had not been the case in the last session , for on days when , by the regulation , notices were to take precedence of orders , ministers had assumed the right of calling for particular orders , on the plea of expediting the public business . For his part , he was against all regulation of the kind ; but if any were adopted , he would wish it to go further than that proposed by the right hon . gent . maintained , that the regulation in question could in no degree have the effect of injuring freedom of parliamentary discussion . It would still be in the power of any member to bring forward , in cases of emergency , motions without notice , although , in the ordinary course of affairs , it must certainly be deemed advisable , by giving notice of a motion , to prevent that surprise which would frequently other wise compel the House to rescind on Tuesday the business which it had done on Monday . All this would be left in the same state after the adoption of the regulation as before it . concurred in the protest of his hon . friend , against the proposed regulation . He was far , however , from imputing this proposition of the right hon . gent . to any improper motives , He only 112 imputed to him the error of exposing the , House to a real and permanent evil , in order to get rid of a supposed and temporary inconvenience . objected to this amendment , as a great innovation on the practice of parliament . If it were adopted , the natural consequence of it would be , that all the great business of the nation might be impeded by the second readings of contested private Bills . It was well known that the Committees of Supply and Ways and Means were fixed only the day but one before their occurrence ; and should the right hon . baronet 's Amendment be adopted , it was evident that all other business , however comparatively insignificant , that might have been fixed at an earlier period for the same days on which those important Committees were to take place , would have precedence of them . allowed that there was some weight in the objection of the right hon . gent . He admitted that there might be some inconvenience arising from the proposition of his hon . friend ; but it was an inconvenience which grew out of the novel practice of the right hon . gent . himself . For his part he had never witnessed any attempt to break in upon the old established usages of parliament , that was not attended with great inconvenience , and he therefore advised the House to pause before it agreed to the motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer . supported the Amendment , and declared that he had never known an instance of a debate on a contested private Bill having been carried on beyond six o'clock in the evening . rose and insisted upon the necessity imposed upon the House of examining into several subjects connected 113 with the public revenue , before they entered into the consideration of the Supply which should be granted to the crown . He complained that no step had been taken to put in practice the