sincere wish to preserve cordiality between the two branches of the legislature . He therefore opposed the second reading of the Bill . explained , that inasmuch as the Bill recommended the abolition of certain offices , it was to be considered in some degree as a measure of economy . added , that pending any measures respecting the abolition or reform of existing offices , he had never offered any opposition , nor would he , while he had the honour to hold the office he now filled , give any interruption to such a proceeding . pointed out certain offices , the abolition of which was proposed , and which made the present a measure of public economy . The situation of the country rendered it necessary that not a farthing should be uselessly expended , and therefore the Bill should have his cordial support . was much surprized at the conclusion to which the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had come , since from every thing he had said he had expected a very different determination . He denied that the present Bill , which had several times received the sanction of the House , was of slight importance ; nor was it more correct to state , that it had bees previously carried by popular clamour 696 It was true that the public had formed a very strong opinion of the necessity of the bill ; and the country would learn with surprise and disappointment , that the Chancellor of the Exchequer had that night thrown out what he had before supported ; for the Reversion Bill was suggested by the Finance Committee , whose appointment had been recommended at the beginning of the session of 1807 , and whose labours had been approved at its termination , in a Speech from the throne , written by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer himself . It was wholly erroneous to assert that the measure infringed on the prerogatives of the crown , since its very object was to preserve its interests , and to prevent a lavish and unnecessary expenditure of its revenue . The granting of places in reversion was a most improvident mode of rewarding even meritorious services , because the immediate advantage was extremely small ; and the ultimate prospect of a larger profit extremely uncertain . It was doing injustice both to the king and to the people , to permit the practice longer to continue . He concluded by expressing his astonishment that the Chancellor of the Exchequer , after maintaining that the provisions were of little importance , and censuring all pertinacity in opposition , should sit down by expressing his determination to oppose the motion . remarked , that the only two members who had spoken against the Bill were two very principal reversionists . The measure now proposed bad always been a favourite with the House and with the people , and when their voices were united for any constitutional object like the present , it was undoubtedly the most sound policy to attain the object so much desired . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer however , thought otherwise , and maintained that the measure was of little or no importance , although popular clamour had swelled it into magnitude , and his only reason for now resisting it was , his opinion , as opposed to that of the whole country , that it was too insignificant to deserve attention . Had the right hon . gentleman , however , or his colleagues , consulted their interests or their duty , they would never have thrown cold water upon it . It was assumed , too , that it was not a measure of economy . But it was rather singular that this doctrine should be supported by a person , who held the reversion of one of the greatest 697 places in the gift of the crown . If it wanted regulation , an answer was immediately returned , that it could not be allowed . Why ? Because the Chancellor of the Exchequer possessed the