the laws which aggrieve the Catholics , pub- 633 lished by H. Fitzpatrick . Here is another pamphlet , called the State of the Catholic Cause , published also by H. Fitzpatrick ; and in the preface of this pamphlet there is a note , as follows : `` This Report of the Sub-Committee of Grievances , is now published by Fitzpatrick . '' Therefore , the right hon . gentleman infers , that this is that report , and the whole of the Catholics are to be judged by it . I am sure , Sir , I may safely say , that the person who wrote this note , had no authority to call the first pamphlet a Report of the Sub-Committee of Grievances . No such committee ever existed . The committee of 1810 did certainly appoint a sub-committee to examine what laws there were in existence operating against the Catholics ; and it is true that their enemies gave it the nick-name of a Committee of Grievances ; but the object of the appointment of this committee was merely to obtain information which was wanting for the preparing of the then intended petition . As far as I am informed on the subject , the subcommittee never made any report on the laws ; and the pamphlet which gives an account of them is , in point of fact , the work of a most , respectable Catholic barrister , who alone is responsible for it . As to the several ' parts of this work , on which the right hon . gentleman has made his animadversions , was it not for the lateness of the hour , I would follow him through them , and show the House that he is wrong , and the author right . The statement of the physical power of the Catholics is a true statement , and if it is alarming , those who resist their claims are alone to blame . It was called for by the statements of those who have falsely under-rated the power of the Catholics . If it be a crime to tell the truth , then , indeed , may this pamphlet deserve the censure which has been heaped upon it ; but those who can read it without prejudice and passion , will approve of it , and derive great advantage from their trouble , as they will thereby acquire an accurate knowledge of the real condition of the Irish Catholics . Before I quit this part of the subject , I must be allowed to say , that it gave me great pleasure to find the right hon . gentleman did not allude to the attack which has been made on this work by the Corporation of Dublin , and that he thus has contributed to expose its futility and folly . The right hon . gentleman has rested 634 the defence of government upon the opinions of the law officers . He seems to suppose that he has completely cleared himself , by proving that he acted under their advice . He says this committee was most dangerous , and that being the case , he consulted the law officers , and enforced the Convention act . But I insist upon it , that it was a false and impolitic decision to consider this committee so dangerous as to warrant the application of this law . There was nothing in the proceedings of the Catholics to justify the slightest alarm for the public peace . The right hon . gentleman has made use of a most curious argument to justify what has been done ; he says , No one in the last session denied the legality of enforcing this act . I have looked over the reports of what then happened , and so far from that being the case , I find that I and others who took a part in the debates , distinctly denied both the policy and legality of applying it . But this wise government have failed in an equal degree in respect to the Catholic cause , for instead of impeding its