to the disabilities of the Non Importation act . However , it was a matter of serious consideration in what state the trade of Great Britain and of Ireland would , be placed , were both the Orders to be repealed . As to the licence system , to carry on any trade with an enemy 's port , his Majesty 's licence was necessary . Of course , if our trade with the enemy increased , the number of licences must increase . If the whole coast of Europe had been put into the situation of an enemy 's coast , the whole trade with the continent must be a licence trade carried on through the neutral trader . It had been said , that those licences grew with the growth of the Orders in Council ; but if this had been the case , the great bulk of the licences would have been for ports under blockade . The fact was the direct contrary : the few ports not under blockade were those for which the great majority of applications had been made . He would ask therefore how the Orders in Council could be said to have produced the increased number of those licences ? Repeal the Orders in Council to-morrow , and the licenses would be scarcely diminished . As to the injury with which this system threatened our na- 1051 vigation , it was plain that if we traded with the enemy , our trade must be carried on with foreign ships , and in a great measure with foreign seamen : our own would be captured . Where the commerce went direct to a hostile port , there must be a diminution of British ships and sailors ; but this was a consequence which was not to be avoided , except by relinquishing the trade . He differed from the noble marquis in his idea , that no adequate or satisfactory accounts were to be collected from the generality of commercial documents laid before parliament . The accounts presented that day afforded much satisfactory illustration . To the general diminution of our trade , the best answer would be a return which he held in his hand . This return , reckoning every voyage as a new ship and crew , gave us as the number of seamen that left our ports in 1806 , at a time the North was open , the total of 183,476 . But in 1810 , when we were excluded from Denmark , and the ports of the Baltic were chiefly under what was called the continental system , the number of seamen was 210,600 , an increase of more than 27,000 , in the face of the continental system , and even of the Orders in Council . The noble marquis had dilated on the importance of employing American ships in the carrying trade to the Baltic , and seemed to think , that the licences were granted to other carriers in preference . But , in fact , many of those licences were given to Americans , though against them , the suspicion in a foreign port was unfortunately almost as strong as the hostility was against our own ships . In consequence of this suspicion , merchants preferred other foreign ships to American , as being more fitted for their purposes . Was the noble marquis prepared to say that we should refuse all licences to foreign trade , or that if we were not permitted to carry it on in American ships , we should refuse to carry it on at all ? On this point , however , the present administration had the less chance of going astray , as they fortunately had the sanction of that which went before them . The present government could not be charged with an original partiality for the foreign merchant , when the liberal system was remembered which extended itself so widely to all denominations.—Olden-burghers , Hamburghers , Knyphauseners , and the whole tribe of neutrals . [ Lord Bathurst then read a licence granted by the late administration for carrying on 1052 the neutral trade