of the most respectable characters should be infused into the old Committee . How was this to be done ? Certainly by introducing the Roman Catholic nobility , their archbishops and bishops , who , from their age , from their sacred character , and from the honourable tenour of their lives , would themselves be a very great barrier against any seditious or improper proceeding . A meeting thus constituted he looked upon as extremely desirable—being the most proper organ to speak the sense of the Catholic body . In answer to what had been last night stated by a learned civilian , that the sense of the population of this country was against the Catholic claims , he thought it right to observe , that so far from this being a correct assertion , it appeared , that the great body of the people felt convinced that some attention ought to be paid to those claims—and , if they were to compare the proceedings on the Catholic question in former sessions with the present time , it would be manifest that various objections , which formerly existed both within and without doors , had now happily subsided . An hon . member who spoke last night ( Mr. Peel ) , had read extracts from the letter of a noble relative of his ( lord Grenville ) on the subject of securities . What were the terms of that letter ? It was there expressly stated , that , if concession were made , safeguards would be required : but what they were to be was not mentioned . How , then , were they to come to this knowledge ? Certainly by going into a committee on the subject ; for they ought to shew themselves perfectly willing to investigate the situation of so numerous a body of people . The hon . gentleman concluded by expressing his perfect concurrence in the motion , as well on the ground of the 619 claims of the Irish Catholics , as on the conduct of the Irish government towards them . said , he had listened to the speech of the hon . gentleman who had just sat down , with great attention , but he must beg leave to differ from him en every point . The hon . gentleman had observed , that Ireland was at present in a state of great irritation , and , he , therefore , called on the House to go into the Committee . He , however , must doubt the propriety and efficacy of this mode , which , in his opinion , would tend to increase , rather than allay that irritation . The hon . gentleman had combated , in the course of his speech , a number of points of mere etiquette , in which he conceived his right hon . friend ( Mr . Pole ) had been mistaken . They were unworthy of notice ; and had nothing to do with the principle on which the debate proceeded . When the hon . gentleman criticised the mention of two cabinets , although that expression might be wrong , yet it did not invalidate a single sentence his right hon . friend had advanced . When the hon . gentleman spoke of the Convention act , he expressed an opinion that its interpretation was not finally decided ; and defended the right of the House to examine the conduct of public men.—But , were these the grounds on which they would agree to the motion ? What had these observations to do with the question under discussion ? The hon . gentleman expressed a fervent hope , that the decision under the Convention act would be brought before the dernier resort , the highest tribunal in the state , the House of Lords ; and yet , while the question was pending , he would advise that House to step in before them , by appointing this Committee . An hon . and learned gentleman ( sir A. Piggott ) had asserted last night , that , prior to the present time , there was a