the Prince and the executive , prior to the call upon parliament to increase the income . He , however , even then thought the arrangement of ministers most defective ; a full inquiry 407 into the civil list expenditure was in his mind the only remedy : and after all , this measure did nothing decisive as to the Prince 's debts . He understood that they might , at a rough estimate , be computed at 500,000l . This could not be paid off in seven years . The whole had the air of a mean trick of the ministers , to keep the Prince dependent upon them ; and though in that case the result must prove how miserably they had plotted , as far as related to the Prince , yet the late debates on the Droits of Admiralty shewed what an alarming fund ministers had at their disposal . The hon . gentleman then went into the question , as it affected , Foreign Courts . In alluding to the charges of Mr. Arbuthnot , of whom he was willing to think with all respect , he censured the abject policy of making presents at eastern courts . He spoke from his own experience at the court of the Sublime Porte , and certain northern courts , when he said that the plain unadorned integrity of the English character was more worthily represented by those who would present no other bribe to a foreign court than the discovery of her true interests , and flatter her with no other compliment than the sincerity of mutual plain dealing . As to marquis Wellesley 's charge , he thought 16,000l . for a few weeks stay in Spain exorbitant , however accurate the item of the expenditure . He concluded with strong and general exhortations to economy . Things could not long go on as they had done . Let ministers begin to think at last , before the time either for deliberating or acting was gone for ever . observed , that the subjects touched upon by the honourable member , had already been so fully discussed , that he did not think it necessary to enter into any particular reply . One idea , however , he had advanced which was perfectly new , and that was respecting our embassies to Eastern Courts . He doubted whether it would be wise , to strip a minister , sent from a country like this on an Eastern embassy , of all that splendour and pomp ( not over-splendour , but necessary magnificence ) which were always observed by other courts , and especially by those of Russia and France . The expences of such missions were known to be greater than what were incurred on other occasions ; but even as it was , we were vastly inferior in those expences to the courts he had already alluded to . said , that as an opportunity would soon be afforded him to speak particularly to this subject , he should now say but a very few words . He should pass over every thing relating to himself ; but he would inform the hon . gentleman , that of such importance did France deem her embassies to the Porte , that a fleet had been for some time lying at Toulon for the purpose of taking an ambassador in a suitable manner to Constantinople . said , he rose , in pursuance of his notice , to call the attention of their lordships to the situation of a very important part of the British Empire , and which their lordships were all aware was that part of the empire on the other side of St. George 's Channel . Little did he think , however , when he gave notice of his motion , founding his intention , as he then did , upon circumstances which had then already taken place , and which had excited the most alarming discontents in Ireland—little did he think , that at the time his motion would be discussed , he should have had to lament the existence of still