. He thought the present was the most fit of any Bill that he ever recollected on the table of that House , to go to a Committee , because every clause in it went to a separate measure . explained , that his object was not to oppose the Bill going to a Committee , although , if he consulted his own individual feelings , he might even have gone that length . His object at present was , only to postpone going into the Committee for a time , till they could procure information on certain points which were necessary to be ascertained , in order to enable the House to come to a fair understanding of the measure . was shut in , and counted , against his inclination , with the Majority ; but by the same accident , general Phipps was shut out , and counted with the Minority . The House having gone into a Committee on the Bill , the first clause , granting to his Majesty , during his indisposition , a farther sum , to be paid out of the Consolidated Fund of Great Britain , was read , and the blanks were filled up with 70,000l . to commence from the 18th February 1812. proposed that the other clauses down to clause 14th should be postponed , it being his intention to divide the Bill into two , and to incorporate the clauses omitted into a separate Bill . The 14th clause being read , by which it is declared that his Royal Highness the Prince Regent has been graciously pleased to declare his intention of transferring the sum of 50,000l . issued to him annually from the exchequer , in aid of the revenues of the Civil List . wished to know where that declaration of the intention of his Royal Highness was to be found . apprehended , that the statement of the ministers of his Royal Highness the Prince Regent , that such was his intention , was sufficient . If gentlemen should be of opinion , however , that this was not enough , it might be sufficient , on a future day , to signify his Royal Highness 's assent in a more formal manner . was of opinion , the consent should come from the Prince of Wales , and not from the Prince Regent . asked , did not the right hon . gentleman think that the consent , or whatever else he wished to call it , should be brought forward in a more formal manner ? in such a way , at least , as that it might appear on the Journals ? Should it not be in the form of a message ? was of opinion , that till they saw the declaration of his Royal Highness , the House could not proceed a single step . did not wish to be captious , but still he did not see how the Committee could proceed , no consent or declaration of his Royal Highness having been referred to them . said , he believed it would be better , as a matter of form , that the chairman should report progress , and ask leave to sit again . The chairman accordingly put the question , which was agreed to , and the House resumed , when the chairman obtained leave for the Committee to sit again that night . then signified the consent of his Royal Highness the Prince Regent to the appropriation of the 50,000l . a year from his Exchequer Income , as specified in the Bill . said , that this was exactly-similar to a case in the year 1760 , when the King 's consent was presented to a Bill then depending , in which his Majesty was interested . contended , that a consent of this kind ought to be in writing . It ought , he should imagine , to be by message ; and that , too , not from the Prince Regent , but from the Prince of Wales , the latter being the character in which the consent was given