( Mr. H. Thornton ) , who , when the Orders in Council were first promulgated opposed them ; now , that they were universally allowed to be ineffectual , say that possibly some good might have been derived from them , and that good should in the estimation of the country balance the evil which they had occasioned . The evil was unmixed . It was impossible to conceive a more preposterous demand than that made by Great Britain to America , that the latter should obtain from France a restoration of the state in which commerce existed before the Berlin and Milan decrees . To ask this was to ask an impossibility . The Americans might as well have been required to transfer their immense continent to another part of the globe . And this would be still more evident , when it was considered how much the fatal policy pursued by Great Britain in Europe had aggrandised the power of France since the enactment of those decrees . Could the right hon . gentleman for a moment believe , that America had it in her power to force the manufactures of England into any part of the continent ? Or supposing that she could do so , what right had the British government to insist that she should ? What would Great Britain say , if France should insist on an attempt upon the part of America to force the manufactures of France into England ? The papers for which he had moved were divisible into two series ; the correspondence between marquis Wellesley and Mr. Pinckney , and the correspondence between Mr. Monroe and Mr. Foster . Was the negociation with Mr. Pinckney allowed to be at an end ? If so , what objection could there be to the production of 801 the first series ? Even the production of that would wear somewhat of the appearance of conciliation towards America , as it would imply the wish of the House to consider the conduct of the Foreign minister to the American ambassador . Should the result be an opinion expressed by the House that lord Wellesley had misconducted himself on the occasion , would not that declaration be conciliatory towards America ? If the reverse should be the judgment of the House , was it not fitting that lord Wellesley should be exculpated and the fact be proclaimed ? In any case , the production of that particular correspondence could be productive of no evil , and might occasion much benefit ; and he should , therefore , have no objection , if it were permitted him to do so by the usage of the House , to divide his motion , and to move two addresses , the first for the correspondence between lord Wellesley and Mr. Pinckney ; and the second for the correspondence between Mr. Monroe and Mr. Foster ; always guarding himself by this remark—that he wished for no paper that had not already been published by the American government . In the then state of the House , he would not press longer on their attention . He anticipated that his motion would be unsuccessful . This he should very much deplore . But he should have the consolation of having done his duty ; and of having , on the eve of what he feared was an inevitable war with America , advised such measures to be adopted by the British House of Commons as would at least evince a conciliatory disposition on their part . 802 prefaced the motion of which he had given notice for referring the Petition of the suffering American Merchants [ See p . 281 . ] to a committee , by a short history of their claims . The hon . gentleman stated that the Petitioners had , at a very distant period , debts to an immense amount due to them in America , for which , in consequence of an application on their part to the British government , and a remonstrance on the part of the British government to that of America , the American government consented , by