its details , and in all its bearings ; I must own , that my right hon . and learned friend has done so much to simplify the question , —that if , of the two , I must agree with the one or the other , I could not refuse my noble friend the preference . If the only option were , whether we should go on at once to the extremest limit of concession , or should presently retrace our steps , retract former relaxations , and re-enact former disabilities ; I could have no hesitation as to the alternative for which I should give my vote . 520 But in the view which I take of this great question , it is not quite so simple in its nature . It can not , I think , be considered without reference to times and circumstances . It is not to be decided on abstract principles alone . Those principles must be modified in their application by a view of the actual state of Ireland ; —of the relation in which Ireland now stands to the whole of the British empire ; —and of the situation of that empire , as affected by the present circumstances of the world . When I look to the present state of Ireland , with a great and growing population ; a population growing , not in numbers only , but in wealth and intelligence ; and aspiring , from what they have already tasted of freedom , to a more enlarged and equal enjoyment of privileges from which they are still excluded ; —when I consider that to this situation , they have been gradually raised , from a condition wherein no class of people had ever before been placed by the laws of a Christian country , I can not think it probable , that in this situation they should long contentedly continue . Neither can I think it wise , if it were practicable , to determine upon permanently shutting them out from the pale of the constitution . It is admitted that since the period of their humiliation , the Catholics have disclaimed many of the tenets which were once imputed to them , and which formed the justification of that system of depression under which they were formerly holden . But my right hon . and learned friend takes what appears to me rather an unfair advantage of the good behaviour of the Catholics , and attributes it exclusively to the beneficial operation of the restrictive laws . He does not distinctly avow indeed the intention of restoring those laws ; but such , as I have already said , is the course and tendency of his reasoning ; and no man who follows the argument to its legitimate consequences , can doubt that this is in fact the implied doctrine of those who think with my right hon . and learned friend . The more the Catholic was restricted , says my right hon . and learned friend , the more quiet he became . This may possibly be true ; but it is a truth , which , if we took it as the guide of our policy , might lead us a little too far . It seems somewhat a-kin to the old adage , that `` dead men tell no tales : '' for it must be granted , that the man in whom the best powers and faculties of life , civil freedom , and all the social passions , were extinguished , was likely to be quiet enough . 521 But does my right hon . and learned friend really think that such a system was politic ? or that whatever it might have been , when justified , or supposed to be justified , by necessity , it would be politic to revive or to persevere in it now ? Would he again place the Catholic in a situation in which he should not have the right of bequeathing his own property ; of educating his own children ; of exercising any of the rights—I will not say of a