great number were Parisians . They told him so themselves . He would ask a gallant colonel near him , why foreigners were taken into the 10th regiment , in preference to Irishmen ? Was such an indignity to be put upon the Irish people , that they were to be considered as unfit to serve their country ? This was really something beyond human patience to bear . knew nothing of the circumstance mentioned by the hon . gentleman . said , the reason why they had not enlisted Irishmen was , that the description of Irishmen met with in this country were liable to desert , and it was difficult to get them back again . in reply said , he did not wish a return of the names of the foreigners in each corps , but merely of the numbers . It was necessary to have such a return , to know to what extent the practice had been carried , that , if necessary , it might be put a stop to . How could government know whether they had not more than 16,000 foreigners employed , if they did not know the numbers serving in British corps ? With respect to the 3d clause of the act , he was aware that he was contending with fearful odds , when he had to argue with the right hon . gentleman about the meaning of an act of parliament , well knowing both the influence and legal knowledge to which he was opposed . Besides , he did not know if the right hon . gentleman had not had himself some hand in the framing of the act , as he believed he was then attorney general . In his opinion , the 3d clause merely gave authority to those foreigners who were to be admitted to serve , to do so without breach of law . The wording ran ; `` And be it lawful for such subjects to be enlisted , '' & c. But this clause would never justify the engrafting fo- 1250 reigners into British regiments . If it did , he was sure it was not in the contemplation of parliament at the time of passing the act . The right hon . gentleman in speaking of the Act of Settlement stated , that the period at which it should begin to operate was limited ; but he would recollect that it was not limited as to duration . He had thought that it ought to cease when the king was no longer a foreigner ; but he seemed to forget that the object of jealousy was the foreign possessions belonging to the King . These foreign corps belonged to these possessions , and were attached to his Majesty . He must say , that he entertained great jealousy of these Germans . Though they might be employed abroad , he should not like to see them employed to defend this country , when he knew how they had defended their own ; for if men would not exert themselves to defend their nearest and dearest relations , they would hardly exert themselves to defend strangers . The Hanoverian army was a great body of men , and might have done something to defend their own country . That they were able to do something was evident , from what they contrived to do for themselves , having stipulated that they who surrendered should receive pay till their return home , and contributions were levied for that pay on the people they were hired to defend . had no objection to furnish the returns for the regiments at home . having agreed to withdraw his motion , rose , and stated , that he held a printed paper in his hand , to which he wished to call the attention of the House . It purported to be a Letter from the Prince Regent to his royal brother the Duke of York , and bore the signature of his royal highness the Prince . The object of it was to make certain propositions to two 1251 noble lords , members of