possible , in common with the other classes of the community ( many of whom were oppressed with burdens almost intolerable , ) to keep their expences within their incomes . 956 There was a grant of 7 or 800l . to captain Temple , to defray the expences of a prosecution for the murder of a seaman , of which alleged crime captain Temple had been acquitted ; no doubt most satisfactorily . But if this was a proper grant , why not extend a similar grace to others who had equal claims ? For instance , captain Tomlinson , a very gallant officer , who was tried for forgery at the Old Bailey , about 18 months ago . No sooner had the case been opened than Mr. Justice Le Blanc declared that he must be instantly acquitted , which he was , therefore , most honourably . Captain Tomlinson 's character stood as high , after this service , as ever . He had since been promoted . But he had in vain endeavoured to obtain from this fund the expences , amounting to nearly 1,000l . which he had sustained in consequence of his prosecution . The cases of captain Temple and captain Tomlinson might possibly be quite dissimilar ; but this ought to be shown before a committee of enquiry . These were the various grounds on which he called upon the House to appoint a committee . He asked it on the part of the individuals who seemed lo be placed in suspicious circumstances ; he asked it on the part of the different administrations , who appeared to have lent themselves to the purposes of those individuals he asked it on the part of the country , as the relations of Great Britain with foreign powers was implicated ; and he asked it on the part of the constituents of that House , who were entitled to know the exact appropriation of the public money . The hon . and learned gentleman concluded by moving , `` That a Select Committee be appointed to inquire into the application of the various sums received as Droits of the Crown and of Admiralty , and to report on the same to the House . '' was sure that the House would not think that the paper which had been produced on the motion of the hon . and learned gentleman , exhibited a sufficient appearance of abuse to warrant the appointment of the proposed committee . Most of the cases alluded to by the hon . and learned gentleman had nothing in them , and the hon . and learned gentleman 's observations arose from the state of ignorance in which he candidly professed himself to be on the subject . But was it a just ground for a committee that an hon . member did not happen to know what he was talking about ? He 957 would explain to the House briefly , and from recollection , the circumstances of some of these cases . The first was the sum of 269,789l . paid to Mr. Alcock for the merchants trading to Spain . Nothing could be more easily explicable . Various merchants trading to Spain had their property sequestered there . By the treaty of Amiens , the Spanish government consented to make good their claims . War , however , broke out before that could be done , a war originating in the capture of some Spanish frigates : and out of the proceeds of those identical frigates it had been thought just by government to satisfy the claimants . Another item to which the hon . and learned gentleman alluded , was the sum of 54,921l . paid '' to several commanders , for ships that had been captured and taken into Cape Nicola Mole . The facts were these : a court of prizes had been erected at Cape Nicola Mole , which was composed of captains of the navy , which considering itself legal , condemned certain prizes brought in there . On an appeal , however , to this country , the court was declared illegal and