, for his motion on these two questions . He begged the House in the mean time to bear in its recollection one fact which had been disclosed in the course of the present discussion , namely , that the crown , by means of this traffic in licences , arising out of and connected with its traffic in Orders in Council and commercial prohibitions , was possessed of the power of employing for the augmentation of its influence ad libitum , these pieces of paper called licences , to any extent , and the value of that power might be easily estimated , when his hon . friend , perhaps the first merchant in the kingdom , had said he would not hesitate to give for one of them the enormous sum of 15,000l . remarked that the fact , which had been just stated to be of such importance , must occur in every case where it was thought necessary to carry on trade with a nation with whom we were at war , and , therefore , whether it were more or less connected with the Orders in Council , it was clear that such an advantage as that noticed , might , at any time , under such circumstances , be derived . It was not insinuated that the Board of Trade in a single instance had been actuated by an improper motive to favour particular individuals , and in this instance the licences in question were less open to any animadversion upon such a striking fact than they would have been at any other period . With respect to the question before the House , it would be remarked , that the hon . gentleman who introduced it brought it forward as if the whole trade of the country was , and could only be , conducted by means of licences . From what he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) knew of the proceedings of the Board of Trade from daily communications , he could assert , that there was hot a single instance of a licence being granted for a trade which could be carried on 847 without it ; and thus the whole question which the hon . and learned gentleman in his threatened motion , would have to discuss , would be this , whether , under the circumstances , involved as we were in war with a large portion of the world , it was or was not desirable that any trade should be carried on with such countries as were under the dominion of an enemy ? If , indeed , the whole benefit resulting from commerce was to be put into the hands of foreigners , as some gentlemen seemed to wish , the licensing system should be discontinued ; but as long as any man was willing that our own merchants should derive their share , it ought to be persisted in . Notwithstanding , therefore , the authority of the greatest merchant in the kingdom , or perhaps in the world , the House would observe that they had been much misled , since the only principle on which government acted was to secure to the natives of England that trade by means of licences , the profits of which without them would devolve to the hands of aliens . When he said that the Board of Trade had granted no licences to countries where intercourse could be maintained without them , he ought to have made some qualifications , since he did not mean to pledge himself as to a particular voyage , nor did he mean to say that licences had not been granted for countries where it was a matter of doubt , whether the commerce could or could not be conducted without their protection , but , generally speaking , they had only been conceded in cases where they were absolutely requisite . It was by no means true , that government endeavoured to keep all trade within their grasp ; the contrary was the fact . No merchant in the country was more anxious than the Board of Trade to