. the Secretary for Ireland , while he travelled to Dublin in his post-chaise , appeared to have been employed in reading the news-papers , and in taking for granted all that those publications asserted to have been done and said by the Catholics . The right hon gentleman had , indeed , attacked members of that House for expressions and sentiments which they never uttered , but which the Morning Post had put into their mouths for them.—Happy was it for England and Ireland that the earl of Fingall had been placed at the head of the Catholics in the latter country : he was a man who to high rank and large fortune added such a sound judgment , such suavity of as manners , and yet such spirited conduct , enabled him to unite Catholics and Protestants in one common interest . He thanked God that the man who represented the Catholics of Ireland was the earl of Fingall . 653 The noble lord who had just sat down had told the House , that if they conceded to the claims made by the Catholics of Ireland , they must do the same by the Catholics of Great Britain . Certainly , it ought to be so Nay more , the Test Act must be repealed ; and the dissenters must be allowed to come in for their share of relief from civil incapacities . And where was the danger to the Established Church from all this ? These fears about the Established Church were sounded in the ears of the country as often as the present question was agitated . Were the Catholic claims to be granted ? the Church would be overturned ! Were the Dissenters to be relieved from tests which were Virtually abrogated every year ? the Church would be overturned ! He was himself a member of the Established Church ; and it was his anxious desire to fortify that establishment by divesting it of some of those prerogatives which were at present an incumbrance to it , and the removal of which could not fail of producing the most beneficial results . No man who knew any thing of the purity of the principles of the Church establishment , and considered the deep root which it had taken in the minds of all Protestants who had any regard to religion , together with the many guards and fences by which it was surrounded , could entertain any reasonable apprehension of its destruction , except by its own corruptions and by the culpable indolence of its professors . The alarm about the church of England , however , was by no means peculiar to the present period or to the present circumstances . A grave and learned divine bad lately attempted to prove , in a book written on purpose , that the Church was threatened with imminent danger by the dissemination of copies of the Bible , divested of any gloss or comment Nay , he had himself been accused in a publication by a professor , of divinity at Cambridge , of seeking to overturn the Church , in consequence of a speech which he had made at a meeting of one of the Bible societies in the country ! Such apprehensions he could not otherwise denominate than as the `` Fears of the brave , and follies of the wise . '' The right hon . Secretary had expressed a hope that the Catholics would petition the Prince Regent rather than petition parliament . From what he had heard , he understood it to be their actual intention to petition the Prince Regent , stating 654 their claims to his Royal Highness , and praying his interference in their behalf by recommending their case to the consideration of parliament . That such a recommendation would be successful no one could doubt . Most dangerous was the advice of the right hon . gentleman opposite ( Mr. Canning ) to delay the concessions until the Catholics had sunk into a state of flat despair . `` Good God ! '' concluded Mr. Whitbread , `` may I not here again