administration it was directed ) was not founded in fact . Between the years 1806 and 1810 , the number of British ships and of British seamen employed in our trade had increased : it was true that the number of foreign ships and of foreign seamen had increased in a greater proportion ; but that was owing to other causes wholly unconnected with the Orders in Council . The extraordinary state of the continent had rendered 1156 it impossible to carry on so large a portion of our trade in British bottoms as we had been accustomed to do ; when therefore our commerce increased we had only the alternative of giving it up or carrying it on by means of foreign ships . This was the plain state of the case , and it placed the consistency of the gentlemen on the other side in a very striking point of view . They described in strong colours the distresses of our manufacturers arising from the reduction of our trade , and they proposed to remedy the evil by reducing it still lower . The trade of this country could not , it was obvious in the present state of things , be carried on with the greater part of the continent by British ships and seamen ; we were therefore compelled , if we meant to carry it on at all , to employ foreign vessels . The language of the gentlemen opposite to him ' to the manufacturers , if they spoke fairly , must be to this effect : `` we feel deeply for your distresses , which we know arise from a diminution of trade ; we are extremely anxious to relieve you ; and in . order to accomplish that object , we have proposed an inquiry , in order to see if we can not destroy the greater part of the trade that you carry on with the continent of Europe . '' Whether the manufacturers would be grateful to the honourable gentlemen for their interference , or would approve of their remedy , he would leave the House to determine . He now came to another part of this subject on which the gentlemen on the other side had employed much of their eloquence—he meant the licences . Here again he begged to observe , that the system of licences , whether wise or unwise , originated with the administration of which those honourable gentlemen were such enthusiastic admirers . Nay , the very clause in the licences which the hon . and learned gentleman who brought forward this motion had reprobated with peculiar severity , and had represented as being at once mischievous and absurd , was drawn up by that very administration , and was found by the present ministers ready cut and dry in the office . This identical clause , upon which the hon . and learned gentleman had bestowed such opprobrious epithets , was drawn up at a meeting of the Board of Trade , by lord Grenville , lord Auckland , lord Henry Petty , and lord Temple . He was ready to admit , that if the measure was a bad one , it was no excuse for him that it had 1157 the sanction of such names ; but he mentioned the circumstance in the hopes of inducing gentlemen on the other side not to be so lavish of their censures before they were quite sure to whom they applied . With regard to the perjury which was said to take place , he had every reason to believe that it was much less under the present system than it was before , and for a most obvious reason , that the number of oaths to be taken were greatly reduced . He should not now stop to argue whether carrying on trade by means of licences was not liable to some objections , for the real question to be determined was this—If you can not carry on your trade with certain countries , except by means of licences , are the objections to that mode of proceeding so formidable that you would give