it . The statement of the right hon . gentleman abounded more in circumlocutions and parentheses , than any speech , connected with accounts , he had ever heard . It made him suspect that those circumlocutions were introduced to entrap them . It was not his intention to trouble the House so far as to put the question to a vote ; but he could not inner it to pass , without his protest against deeming himself pledged to support it in any future stage of the business . did not intend to say any thing on the present occasion , but an expression had fallen from the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer in answer to a question from his right hon . friend , at which he was very much surprised . The question was , whether or not , as the Chancellor of the Exchequer had made no allusion to the Duchy of Cornwall , he considered the claim of the Prince of Wales as entirely abandoned ? He answered that he had made no allusion to it : that in his opinion , the claim was utterly abandoned ; and , looking to the course of the debates on the subject , the House , he believed , had been of the same opinion . Now , what was the fact ? In the year 1802 , when the present lord Manners , then Mr. Sutton , brought down the Message on this subject to the House , there was a general feeling in favour of the justice of the claim , and great credit was given to the Prince for not pursuing it at that time . In 1803 , his Majesty 's Message recommended the consideration of the Prince 's debts to the House ; and the 60,000l . per annum , which had been locked up for their liquidation , was liberated . He ( Mr. Sheridan ) had heard out of doors , that the Prince had relinquished his claim , and it was so stated in the loose reports of parliamentary debate , particularly in the Annual Re- 173 gister . On this authority , he supposed the right hon . gentleman bad founded his assertion . He would refer him to the Journals of the House , on which the Prince 's Message , brought down by Mr. Tyrwhitt , was entered . Of that Message he would read a part , which would prove that the Prince had never relinquished his claims ; for , however , as it concerned himself only , he might have felt inclined to do it , he could not , consistently with the principles of justice , as that property would descend to his heirs , and , even before them , he looked upon it as a fund belonging to his creditors . Mr. Sheridan then read the Message from the Journals as follows : — '' Mr. Tyrwhitt , Keeper of the Privy Seal , and Private Secretary to his royal highness the prince of Wales , acquainted the House , that the Prince has felt , with the most sincere and affectionate gratitude , the gracious purpose of his Majesty , in recommending his present situation to the consideration of parliament : —That , having seen by the votes of the House of Commons , the manner in which they have received his Majesty 's recommendation , the Prince deems it incumbent on him to express his warmest acknowledgment of their liberality . At the same time the Prince , though fully convinced of the propriety of resuming his state , and greatly regretting any circumstance which tends to disappoint the wishes of his Majesty or of the House upon that subject , yet feels himself bound explicitly to declare that there are still claims remaining upon his honour and his justice , for the discharge of which he must continue to set apart , in trust a large sinking fund , and consequently postpone , until the period of their liquidation , the resumption of that state and dignity , which , however essential to his