them recommended by their good conduct in other corps , as to have them sent directly from the hulks . opposed the motion , and said that there was no branch of the royal prerogative which he should feel so little disposed to question as this . wished to know , whether , in the selection of convicts for the army , morals or age was most attended to ? He knew one of those persons , who was above fifty years of age , and had been a commissioned officer , and sentenced to death for forgery . As to the secrecy practised about where those men came from , he himself had seen thirty of them at one time driven into the barrack-yard , when the officer escorting them got a receipt for their bodies . It was not , therefore , very extraordinary that this secret should transpire . could see no objection to the motion . It was of great importance to know in what manner the selection was made from the hulks . Although he did not disapprove of some of the convicts being allowed to serve in the army or navy , yet he wished to know the principle upon which the selection was made . Although there was no prerogative more valuable than that of pardoning , yet there was none which should be exercised with more care , or attended with greater responsibility . He knew cases where pardons had been granted on motives which the prosecutors could not guess at . Men had been sent to Botany Bay at the expence of the country , and had immediately on their landing , and in some instances without setting a foot on shore , been pardoned and sent back in the same ship . When he heard of so large a number as 1258 500 convicts discharged at once , and sent into the army , it would appear more like a certain number of recruits being wanted for the army , than if it was the good conduct of such a number that had recommended them to a more honourable situation . opposed the motion , as likely to do mischief . He thought that it was right , as much as possible , to throw a veil over the former offences of those whose good conduct had recommended them to be admitted into the army . It must be recollected , also , that many of those offences which were punished by transportation and imprisonment in the hulks , were not offences which implied any great depravity of mind ; and when the temptations to which the poorer classes were sometimes exposed , as well as their want of religious education , were fairly considered , it would not be just to suppose a man absolutely irreclaimable , because he had committed some small theft , or other offence , which was visited with that punishment . He thought that it would be better to mix these men with other corps , than to form whole regiments of them . , in explanation , said , that it was 120 , and not 500 , who had been lately sent to the army from the hulks . He had only stated that formerly 500 had been sent . disapproved of mixing those men in the army . He remembered there was an objection a long time ago , to admitting those men , who were called gaol-birds , into the regular regiments . Since that time , however , the quality of the army had been much improved , by the system of enlisting from the militia , who were the flower of the country . shortly replied . His object would be gained if , after this , men were sent from the hulks only in small numbers at a time , to join any particular corps ; and he trusted that his motion , which some gentlemen seemed to think mischievous , would at least be attended with this good effect , that 120 convicts would not again be sent in one batch to a regiment . stated