. said , his Royal Highness combined both characters in himself , and he unquestionably had his Royal Highness 's authority to declare the present consent on his behalf . said , the Prince of Wales surely could not be divested of any property standing in his name without his own consent . The House however had , on such occasions , often thought it convenient to go through even to the last stage , before any consent was given . Such consent must undoubtedly be ready to be given , whenever required , and must in all cases be produced before the passing of the Bill ; but there was no occasion , nor was it the practice that this should be done by message : if consented to , that consent was taken verbally . still submitted that the consent ought to be by his Royal Highness in his capacity of Prince of Wales . said , that there was no doubt of the identity of person in the Prince of Wales and Prince Regent . This was a matter of state , and the proper persons to be conferred with by his Royal Highness on such occasions , were , unquestionably , his ministers , and it was they , of course , who were to signify his Royal Highness 's consent to this measure . It might seem absurd in him to say , if his right hon . friend chose to separate the Prince of Wales from the Prince Regent , that he 371 was ready to give the consent of the Prince of Wales to this measure ; though he must say , that the proper consent had already been given by , the right hon . gentleman , who had been conferred with by his Royal Highness , as having the arrangement of the whole of the business . said , in point of form , the whole was now complete , and the only entry necessary to be made on the Journals was , that the measure was consented to on the part of his royal highness . The House again resolved into a committee on the Bill , when objected to the sum of 70,000l . remaining at the disposal of the executive in addition to the present Civil List . He wished to know , why the whole 120,000l . which formed the Exchequer income of the Prince of Wales , was not transferred to the Civil List , instead of the 50,000l . as specified in the clause in question ? He put the question in hopes of the promised explanation from his hon . and learned friend . said , a considerable deal of reference had been made to some peculiarities in the situation of his royal highness the Prince Regent , which some gentlemen called honourable obligations , and which others gave the real term , debts . It was of very little importance , however , what denomination was applied to them . From the year 1795 , his royal highness had not been in the course of managing his own affairs , but the course was , when an account was not paid after the lapse of a quarter , that the person claiming it should give ten days notice to the proper officer , and if he failed to give such notice , the demand could not afterwards be recovered ; or if the officer neglected to give it in , he himself became liable to pay it . It was impossible that in such an establishment , things could go on with such strictness as this , and it was an additional trait in his royal highness 's honourable character , that he would not suffer any persons to be sufferers by omissions such as these . It so happened that in 1803 , there were debts which could not be liquidated ; and at this time , three times 60,000l . were given to his royal highness by anticipation . There were a number of obligations of honour due by his royal highness . One of them being a debt to the