be confined to military and naval services ; and , in fact , political services were more liable to misrepresentation . But every general principle admitted of exceptions for salutary purposes ; and his lordship trusted , that what he had advanced , brought the present case within the scope of these useful exceptions . This was , in fact , to be considered as a military service , undertaken from the wisest political considerations , and with the most comprehensive and statesman-like views . In the consideration of lord Minto 's merit , the House should not , however , forget the gallant officers who had acted under him . In the conquest of the islands of Mauritius and Bourbon , they should recollect the wise arrangements and spirited conduct of General Abercromby ; and he had only to name commodore Broughton and Rowley , to excite in every heart sentiments of admiration and gratitude . As to Java , the governor-general wisely foresaw the danger of suffering the formidable preparations of the enemy to grow into maturity . He saw that a new empire was about to be created , which threatened the security 129 of our possessions in the East ; and sir Samuel Achmuty , impressed with the same ideas , in spite of the most disadvantageous circumstances , rushed on to strike a decisive blow , and pursued the flying enemy . To the merits of colonel Gillespie , and major generals Warde and Wetherall , the House could not be insensible . In short , those united exertions had not only wrested from the enemy the remains of an empire , but what was of more consequence , the beginning of a new one.—The noble earl , after recapitulating the praises he had already bestowed on the framer of those enterprises , and on the officers by whom he had been so ably seconded , trusted that the House would not refuse them the just reward of their services ; he then moved , `` That the Thanks of this House be given to the right hon . Gilbert lord Minto , governor general of the British possessions in the East Indies , for the wisdom and ability with which the military resources of the British empire in India have been applied in the reduction of the power of the enemy in the Eastern seas , by the conquest of the islands of Bourbon and Mauritius , and by the recent successful operations in the island of Java ; and that this House doth attribute the brilliant and important successes which have crowned our arms in that quarter of the globe to the vigorous system of well-concerted measures so wisely adopted and steadily pursued by Gilbert lord Minto . '' rose to express his perfect concurrence in the praises bestowed by the noble Secretary of State on the governor-general of India . No doubt could be entertained but those valuable conquests were owing to his wise arrangements , and if a precedent had been wanting to vote the thanks of the House for political services , the present was a tit case to form one . His lordship then recapitulated the exertions of the officers employed in those expeditions so wisely planned , and whose services he considered not only as brilliant but as eminently useful . He could not , however , go to the length of approving the noble secretary of state , when he said that a system of colonial aggression was meant as a counterbalance for immense acquisitions on the continent ; for he was convinced , that such a vast increase of European dominions , must sooner or later carry with them ships , colonies , and commerce . His lordship had always been of opinion , that it would have been preferable for England to employ her 130 forces in resisting the enemy on the continent , than in conquering colonies , which only extended the already too vast cemetery of our brave soldiers . This was , however , the only observation he should make , and , as a soldier , he considered the noble Secretary