country was doomed to perish , better would it be to perish with the ministers who had brought us into the mischief . There certainly was a lamentable supineness among public men at the present moment . It might not be very agreeable to say it , but it was nevertheless true that they evinced in general too much attention to their own interests , and too little to those of the country . Great Britain did appear to him to be beset with imminent dangers , and to require in the direction of its affairs no ordinary portion of talents and virtue . There were two most important subjects which called for serious attention . The first was the state of Ireland , and that was a subject which required the most minute investigation : next to that was the state of our relations with America . The denial of the right hon . gentleman to furnish the papers asked by his hon . friend was a proof of his hostility to America . ( Hear , hear , from the ministerial side ! ) He would repeat it , a proof of his hostility and would argue that it was not only a proof of his hostility , but that he was afraid to meet the discussion upon fair and equal grounds . could not pretend to say what conclusions the hon . gentleman might draw in his own mind , or what he might be disposed to argue ; but he assured him that his conclusion was wrong , if he supposed that the refusal of the papers moved for could proceed only from a spirit of hostility to America . On the contrary , if he now wished to withhold those papers from the hon . gentleman , it was merely to avoid quarrelling with America , if it were possible 777 to avoid it . The object of moving those papers was to have a discussion on them when granted ; and it appeared to him that any parliamentary discussion which could now take place upon the subject , must necessarily tend to increase rather than allay the irritation on the one side or the other . He agreed with the hon . gentleman in considering the subject as one of extreme importance and interest . It was moreover , a subject of great importance to us , whether this country should be forced into a war ( if war could not be avoided ) by America , or whether the war should proceed from any misconduct on the part of the British government . He must however always maintain , that as to the spirit of conciliation always professed in the diplomatical correspondence between the two countries , it was most sincere upon our part . The government was alive to all the advantages of reconciliation with America ; but still they felt it their imperious duty not to abandon those maritime rights which this country had ever maintained , which were indispensable to its character and safety , and which , if once relinquished , would leave the country but little more to give up . He felt , that the question had been narrowed very much by the hon . gentleman having declined to argue it on the grounds of the policy and justice of the Orders in Council . Those points he had professed a wish to discuss on a future day , when the motion of which an hon . and learned friend of his ( Mr. Brougham ) had given notice , should be brought forward . He could not but say , that he felt sorry , that since the hon . gentleman himself did not think this a proper time to go into the question of the justice and policy of the Orders of Council , he had not hesitated to pronounce his opinion of their injustice and impolicy . He could not but regret to see the gentlemen who usually sat on the other side of the House had so little hesitation in giving an opinion against the cause of their country . They should recollect