the expences of the country were likely to be kept within any definite bounds ? Did he not think , on the contrary , that the expenditure would progressively increase ? And , if he continued the finance minister , would he not be obliged to increase the burdens of the country in proportion ? And here he would repeat what be had before said , that , beyond a certain point , no power could force the resources of a country ; and , he would ask , was it not better to examine deliberately , and look to measures which they were confident could be pursued , than blindly to pledge themselves to that which , probably they would be unable to perform ? The observations of his hon . friend appeared to him to be perfectly just ; sand the postponement of the Address , which he thought a very proper ; measure , met with his warmest approbation . said , that not with standing the thinness of the House , he could not allow himself to give a silent vote upon the present occasion . He certainly dissented most completely from the sentiments contained in the Address , believing , as he did , that the circumstances of the times called for language from the House very different from that of adulation . When the Address of last year was moved , he had thought fit to express his conviction that it was then the duty of the House to speak out their sentiments , and apprise the Prince Regent of the awful circumstances under which he assumed the government ; that during the preceding reign a great part of the empire had been for ever lost , and the safety of the remaining parts endangered , and that he could neither with honour to himself or safety to the country , adopt the plans which had been already pursued with such ruinous effects . Every thing which had taken place since , that period served to confirm him in the opinion that such was the language with which . they ought to approach the Prince Regent , and he therefore wished to enter his decided protest on this occasion against the principles and proceedings of the present ministers . With respect to the proposed Address , it stated little , and that little incorrectly , and it kept back and concealed that which was most important . It was not true that our armies had effectually defended Portugal . He certainly did not wish to reflect on the conduct of the general to whom the command of the army in Portugal was entrusted , nor on the conduct of the troops ; for he believed that every thing had been done by them which it was possible for them to do under the circumstances in which they had been placed . But he would ask , whether they really meant to state to the country and to Europe that the English army had effectually secured the defence of Portugal ? That army was allowed to remain in Portugal , not because it could not be driven from it , but because it had never yet been the policy or interest of the emperor of the French to carry on the attack in that quarter . The right hon . gent . opposite had said , that he had afforded ah addition of 10,000 men to the forces in the peninsula during the last year ; but could any man believe that this supply was in any wise effectual for the successful prosecution of the war ? Such exertions as had hitherto been made were certainly most inadequate for the de- 71 fence of Portugal , and we must soon be under the necessity of withdrawing our forces from that country , if the commander was not furnished with better means of defence . It was a fact , which it was impossible to conceal or disguise , that the enemy had hitherto attempted nothing in which he had not completely succeeded . He would again repeat , that he had not the smallest wish