think ? And here , one point had been omitted by him , which might have been very properly introduced when he spoke of the high price of provisions . He thought that an account of the increase of the Poor 's Rates ought to have been laid on the table along with the documents to which the right hon . gentleman had alluded . That , perhaps , would have shewn , that the comfort and happiness of the people had not increased with their numbers . He would now call the attention of those persons who were particularly connected with the measure , to a very great defect in the law , as it at present stood . He conceived that it ought to have extended to Ireland . A Census of the inhabitants of that part of the empire ought to be taken , pointing out , if possible , the progressive increase for the last twenty years , or , at all events , since the legislative union . He regretted , extremely , that such a measure had not been heretofore resorted to ; particularly when they were on the eve of agitating that most important subject , the State of Ireland . When they were about to enter into a dispassionate inquiry into the state of the people of that country , for the purpose of securing the rights and redressing 182 the wrongs , of a great part of its population , it Was deeply to be lamented that some such salutary act had not been introduced 12 years ago ; or , at any rate , last year . If a Census were directed to be taken there , it would be right , in his opinion , to have the number of persons attached to each religious sect specified . How many Catholics , Protestants , and Dissenters , that , at one view , their numerical relation , to each other might be discernible . The hon . and learned gentle man concluded by recommending the subject to the serious consideration of his Majesty 's ministers . observed , that he had formerly moved for Accounts in order to ascertain the amount of the Poor 's Rate , and had written a pamphlet on the subject , which were proofs that it had not escaped his attention . of Kerry , agreed with the hon . and learned gentleman in the propriety of instituting a Census for the population of Ireland , and stated as the result of his own personal inquiries and information , that the population of Ireland had been long rapidly augmenting . observed , that the right hon . gentleman , on a motion for printing a document , had addressed the House , at some length , on one subject which was , and one which was not before them . As to the paper which was on the table , it carried evidence of its falshood on the face of it . It was stated to be a document shewing the strength of the empire . If it was so , why was Ireland not included ? The population of England , Scotland , and Wales , was 11,000,000 And were the six million of Ireland to be forgotten ; many of whom were then fighting the battles of the empire , and made part of that army and navy which swelled the list then before the House ? If Ireland was really considered as part of the effective strength of the empire , it was a criminal deficiency to omit her population . appeared at the bar , with the Report of the Resolutions relative to the arrangement of his Majesty 's Household , On the question that the Report be brought up . rose and said , the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , if he un derstood him correctly , had calculated that the sum of 120 or 130,000l . would cover , any deficiency of the Civil List . This he intended to supply by a contribution from the Droits of the Admiralty . Against such a