that the same course was called for in the present day , when the House enjoyed so many more sources of information and communication with the country , than it had in the time of queen Elizabeth . But this had not been the uniform practice of the House , as appeared from what they did on the occasion of the capital enactments respecting the woollen manufactures , in the reign of Charles 2 , and silk machinery , in the 6th year of George 3 . The Bill was objected to on the ground that the offence , being made capital , would throw difficulties in the way of ascertaining and discovering offenders . He was of a contrary opinion : and though this principle of argument might apply to cases where individual property alone was concerned , he did not think it could apply to a case like that for which they were devising a remedy , where there appeared on the part of the offenders to be a manifest disposition to oppose the 821 law . On the other hand , he conceived great benefit would arise from making the offence capital . The notoriety of the fact , that parliament had taken up the subject with so much solemnity , would operate on the minds and senses of persons who were acting so improperly under the delusions of more designing individuals . This would be the greatest operation of this part of the Bill . But even the terror of the increased punishment would have its effect in deterring from crime , and there could he no apprehension of its diminishing the facility of obtaining evidence , as the lighter mode bad been tried , and found inefficacious . The mode of prevention operated in a mixed ratio of the means of detection and the severity of punishment . The hon . member for Nottingham ( Mr. Smith ) , had expressed his doubts upon the second Bill , which he said was unnecessary in Nottingham , from the excellent dispositions made , and vigilance maintained by the magistrates there ; but did not this fact shew exactly the reverse of what he was contending for , namely , the necessity for this Bill , that the same admirable order might be preserved in a more extended district , where from deficient population the same efficient course could not be pursued without the aid of the legislature ? One hon . gentleman was of opinion , that the partial payment of these men by their employers in goods , was improper . It might be so , but he thought that the master and his workmen , in making their agreement , were the best judges of their own interests , and that it would be highly impolitic in the House to interfere , since the effect of fixing the mode of payment , would frequently be the rendering it impossible for many of the employers to pay their men at all . This mode of dealing had existed not only at Nottingham but in other places beyond the memory of the most experienced , and any interference might be attended with the most dangerous consequences . He was glad to observe that the general sense of the House was not in opposition to the Bill , the second reading of which would present a better opportunity of discussing its provisions . In the present stage of the measure he had thought it sufficient to make these cursory observations . No advantage , he repeated , could be derived from a committee investigating the causes of the disturbances . Suppose they arose from a decay of trade , —and there Was too much reason for that 822 supposition , —what then ? —Could a committee open the continent and send the goods as formerly to the foreign European markets ? If a committee could do that , there would be , indeed , some reason for its appointment . But from whatever cause the riots arose , would any body deny the necessity of putting them down ? On the whole , he could see no