. and learned gentleman 's consolation he was at a loss to discover . It could not arise from a conviction of the decrease of this mode of punishment—for such sentences by general courts-martial were known never to be numerous . Would be tell them how many men were doomed to this degradation and infamy by regimental courts-martial ? He was convinced he spoke within bounds when he asserted that he might add thousands to the hon . and learned gentleman 's eight , and not go beyond the fact . They had , therefore , no grounds for paying any attention to this fallacious statement , calculated to flatter them into a belief that the odious punishment alluded to was on the decline . He now came to consider the question with regard to the effects produced by this species of punishment , and he might say , that all the officers with whom he had conversed on the subject , agreed una voce in this point , that even if it were impossible to get rid of the practice altogether , it was one sadly abused , and if it at all permitted , the offences liable to so severe a visitation , should be distinctly specified . To this effect he had the written testimony of many distinguished officers , since 1798 , when the subject was first discussed by major James . General Colburn held , that no military offence should subject the perpetrator to the infamy of being flogged , except such as in the civil law would be punishable with equal pain and ignominy . Sir Robert Wilson , general Stewart , and ail those who had published their opinions on the subject , united in declaring that the mode of punishment was cruel and stigmatizing—that the man who suffered it rarely or never held up his head afterwards in his regiment—and that , for one whom it had the effect of reforming , many a good soldier , for perhaps 1267 a single transgression , without moral turpitude , unable to bear the shame in which he was involved , became so debased and careless of duty from the moment he was so punished , that his utter and irretrievable ruin was the consequence . He had been told instances of those who bore the infliction of this torture , almost beyond nature to endure , without betraying any emotion , and who yet felt so acutely , that they could never afterwards recollect the disgrace to which they had been exposed without shedding tears like children . He put it then to the House to say , if it was fit to expose men capable of such an union of fortitude and feeling to such a punishment ; and whether it was fit to employ means so humiliating and degrading in a profession , the basis of which ought to be honour ? He put it to them to say , if it did not go to destroy the moral character , and all the energies which ought to distinguish a soldier ? It robbed him of all dignity of mind , and the firmness consequent upon that feeling , and reduced him to a level with the basest creature in society . A principle like this must at all times be reprehensible : but how much more so did it seem at this moment to be applied to the British army—that army whose valour had so gloriously maintained the character of national bravery . It would be a crime to believe , that men capable of such exploits could require such means to enforce discipline . Indeed it appeared in practice , that the best regiments in the service were those in which this mode of punishing did not prevail ; and he was persuaded that , whenever the officers of a regiment used proper vigilance to see that the soldiers had their dues , when they removed the suspicion of ill treatment , when they checked small offences , and thus repressed the spirit of disorder in its infancy—when a regiment was fortunate enough to possess such officers , there