, as in particular instances it had actually happened , that this could not always be the case . He begged also to state , that it was not merely the publicity given to diplomatic papers which produced the whole of the injury . It was to the very principle of such publicity to which he must object . It was not to be expected that persons on the continent , unacquainted with our usages , could be aware of the extent to which we made our dispatches public ; but when they saw that so much publicity was given to whatever was connected with our diplomatic relations , how could they be sure that their names and their communications would not also be made known to the world . This was a point which he was most anxious to press upon the attention of the House , because it was one which most materially affected our interests in our intercourse with foreign nations . He trusted that , before he sat down , he should be able to satisfy the House that there were such cheeks upon the disbursements of foreign ministers , as would render the appointment of the proposed Com- 721 mittee unnecessary , as far at least as the accounts of those ministers were concerned . He should now proceed to give the explanation which he had promised . The sum charged against his name was not , as had been stated , 46,000l but 47,897l He should class the heads of expence in a different form from that in which they were laid before the House ; the sums , however , would be the same , but he thought that the mode he should pursue would make the subject more intelligible . The different heads under which he proposed to class them were , First , those relating to the British palace erected at Constantinople : Secondly , the extraordinary disbursements of the mission : and thirdly , the compensation he had received for his own losses . The hon . gentleman desired to know , why it was necessary to erect a palace at Constantinople . He would give him , he hoped , a satisfactory answer . He was afraid he should trespass too long upon the time of the House in giving these details , but he trusted he should be pardoned . It was necessary to state that such was the nature of Pera , the suburb of Constantinople , in which foreign ministers resided , both with regard to houses and streets , that it was impossible to find a house there fit for a minister to live in . Of this fact his hon . friend who succeeded him , he was sure , was convinced , and would confirm his statement . Not only the more powerful nations of Europe , but even all the smaller ones , which sent embassies to Constantinople , had palaces annexed to their missions . In former times , when there was not the same political importance attached to the British mission to Constantinople , that there has recently been , the British minister had a palace , and that palace had been inhabited a century ago by Mr. Wortley Montague , and being entirely composed of wood it had been found impossible to repair it . When lord Elgin was at the Porte , there being no French ambassador there , his lordship occupied the French palace . But the Porte being desirous of manifesting its respect for this country , gave a piece of ground , and undertook to build a palace for the British minister . Lord Elgin thought it necessary to send for architects from other countries to superintend the erection of the palace , as other ministers had done , and not to build it according to the Turkish manner . The Porte , as he had already stated , had most liberally advanced 722 the money for the erection of this palace . The ground allotted was also very extensive , as the Porte insisted that the British palace should be as superior to others