of a fund which no king before ever possessed ? The right hon . gentleman had said that the sum of 70,000l . was to be placed in the hands of the Prince to meet certain engagements of honour . And here he would discharge his duty and speak out . These engagements of honour must mean debts—they could mean nothing else ; every man in the country knew the situation of his royal highness , and would at once understand them in that light , and that this 70,000l . was to be applied 339 in gradually liquidating these debts of his royal highness . This was the sum and substance of the right hon . gentleman 's statement to the House , that on the faith of the income of 120,000l . his royal highness had entered into certain engagements of honour If these engagements were sifted , it would be found that no other reproach could attach to his royal highness on account of them than a want of attention to his affairs , negligence , and perhaps some degree of profusion . He should , in his own opinion , be wanting in his duty , if he did not say to the House that they ought to meet this difficulty fairly . He did not mean to say that this sum , which was now proposed to be left to the uncontrouled disposal of the Prince Regent , should be assigned to commissioners for the liquidating and discharging his royal highness 's debts . This , he hoped in God , would not be attempted to be done , though he still thought it better than to vote an uncontrouled sum to the Regent ; but he would say to them , If you wish that his royal highness should possess the confidence and affections of the country , do not leave this stain upon him . He would say to them , if you are really as liberal as you would wish to be thought , pay off the debts of his royal highness at once . While he said this , he knew that he was stating what , to many , would appear a very unpopular proposition , but caring nothing as to what construction might be put upon his conduct , or whether he might offend the high , or offend the low , he would say , that the Prince 's debts , unless it could be shewn that they were disgracefully contracted , ought to be paid by parliament , and that if they were merely the fruit of negligence or profusion , as he was convinced would be found to be the case whenever they were investigated , he was ready to vote for their payment . He really could not conceive how a more disgraceful line of conduct could be adopted , than to embarrass the Prince Regent with the discharge of a debt , the nature and extent of which was not publicly known . It looked , in fact , as if something monstrous was considered to exist in those debts , which could not be avowed . It was well known that his Majesty , having no resources of his own , had the debts of the Civil List paid by the nation ; and the Prince , while he had separate funds of his own , was no doubt to be called upon to discharge his own debts out of those funds ; but now , when he had no separate funds , 340 his debts ought in like manner to be discharged by the nation . The consequences of this conduct , of thus placing the debts of his royal highness in this alarming and disadvantageous point of view , would readily , in his mind , occur to every one—deprived of this controul of the funds destined for his father , and bound to the discharge of engagements of honour , to whom , and to what extent no man could tell . In times like these , was it not highly dangerous to the throne , that it should be