himself unable to distinguish the letter from the other documents on the subject , or to understand why the ordering of the letter to be printed was more completely to entertain the charge than the ordering of the printing of the other documents . The hon . gentleman seemed to have misconceived what fell from the chair . The charge was not at present before the House in a shape to be entertained , nor would it 988 be so until there was a motion on the subject . He apprehended that the hon . mover of the proposition had moved for the record of conviction , the judge 's letter , & c. and had moved that those documents be printed—that he had examined the witnesses at the bar—that he had obtained from one of them , Mr. Walsh 's letter to his brother , and that he now moved that that letter be printed—all for the purpose of taking those preliminary steps which would enable the House to judge whether or not the charge ought to be entertained . The printing of the letter could by no means prejudge the question of entertaining the charge . He had no difficulty in admitting that the question was one of very grave consideration , and that the House must well weigh how far they could with safety and propriety adopt the charge without establishing a precedent which might be found productive of serious inconvenience . observed , that by what had been already done , the letter must appear on the Journals , and must be transmitted to posterity , as having been received and read in the House , just as completely as if it were ordered to be printed . The objection might with more propriety have been made to the motion on Tuesday for its production . said , that this was the proper time to acquaint the House , that he had received two letters from Mr. Walsh , intimating his intention of not appearing in his place , but not ascribing that intention to any bodily incapacity . As he could not find in the Journals any precedent of a written defence having been received from members , who , having been ordered to attend , failed to do so , without attributing his non-attendance to bodily incapacity , he would not read those letters , unless it were the pleasure of the House that he should do so . began by observing , that when he considered the importance and magnitude of the question to which he was about to call the attention of the House ; when he considered the present critical state of public affairs , and the alarming aspect 989 under which they now presented themselves to the contemplation of the country ; and when he , at the same time , considered that the present question had hitherto been introduced to their discussion by some leading member of either of the great contending parties , and that the humble individual who was on that night to bring it before them was wholly unsupported by the aid of any party or the authority of any influence ; —when all these considerations ' crowded on his mind , he confessed that he was but too justly apprehensive of appearing to have acted with a hasty indiscretion and a presumptuous confidence . But the time was now come , when public duty should be discharged , independent of every personal consideration . If he brought with him the aid of no party , neither did he bring with him the motives or prejudices of party . It was not his intention to weary the indulgence of the House , by any very detailed examination into those topics which had been already so amply discussed , or again to tread over the ground long trod before . He should , in the course of his observations , touch upon the war in the peninsula—and here , he observed , that the true merits of this extensive question had never been yet fairly and fully before the House ; and , indeed , if he