the instance under consideration . With respect to the case of Hunt , though a pension appeared in the public estimates last year , it was applied to public purposes . For those reasons he should vote for the motion . replied . He contended that the principle upon which the House had proceeded on all their precedents , was the guilt of the individual , and not the legal establishment of a crime . He then took a review of several cases . With respect to Boyd and Benfield , he was astonished how any person could conceive their case bore any analogy to the present He really could not see the danger of laying down a precedent from the possibility of future abuse ; because , before proceeding to expulsion , it was necessary to have a fraudulent subject to work upon ; and he could hardly conceive that any member would become guilty of moral guilt to please any man . seeing a right hon . gentleman in his place , would take the liberty to ask him whether he had communicated to his royal highness the Prince Regent , that a noble lord , a member of that House ( lord G. L. Gower ) , had in his hands a petition signed by some thousands of persons concerned in the Staffordshire Potteries , which he was anxious to present to his Royal Highness ? replied , that he had communicated to his royal highness the Prince Regent the letter which he had received from the noble lord on the subject ; but , previous to that communication , he had answered the noble lord 's letter , by informing him that the usual mode of presenting such petitions was at the levee , but that no levee day having been appointed , to avoid delay , if the noble lord would transmit the petition to him , he would immediately lay it before his royal highness the Prince Regent . observed , that the noble lord had stated the other night , that having apprised his constituents of the communication made to him by the right hon . gentleman , they had instructed him to present the petition to the Prince Regent in person . Had the right hon . gentleman stated this circumstance to his Royal Highness ? said , that he was not aware of having received any other communication himself from the noble lord , than that which he had already mentioned . wished to propose a clause , which however he hoped the hon . gentleman opposite would frame , as he would do it much better than he could . Schools had been established in the army , in order to qualify the soldiers for noncommissioned officers . He had understood the officer could order the men to attend such schools , but a learned judge 1202 bad declared , that such order was illegal , and that consequently a soldier refusing to obey such command , and advising another not to obey , was guilty of no offence . An action was pending against him ( Mr. Whitbread ) for imprisoning a man under such circumstances , which was to have been brought on that day , but which had been postponed , after having been kept hanging over him a year a half , at a very considerable expence . Now , when a provision was made in the Army Estimates for maintaining such schools , and officers were directed to send the men under their command to them , he thought they ought to be empowered to force their attendance . He begged to read what had been said by the learned judge . His words were : '' That the order to go to school was an order which appeared to him not to be warranted by any law . The men were unwise in not availing themselves of such opportunities for improvement , but he knew of no law that could force them to attend . '' Thus , it should appear , that one man saying to another , `` I will not obey