the hon . gent . had done that distinguished individual justice , and no more than justice . As to the truth of all that the hon . gent . had advanced in his praise , he , as far as he had any knowledge of col. M'Mahon , was ready to bear his individual testimony . Notwithstanding all this had been fairly admitted , to propose such a person to the Prince Regent as a person peculiarly entitled to a public reward was characterised as disgraceful to the individual . This was the hon . gentleman 's statement , and the appointment of col. M'Mahon was described as one as derogatory to the Prince Regent as it was insulting to parliament . As such it had been arraigned by the hon . gent. , because the abolition of the office to which he was appointed , had been recommended by a Committee of that House . The hon . gent . farther supposed that the office had been given to col. M'Mahon by patent for life . Now really he thought that before the hon . gent . came forward with such statements as those which they had heard from him that night , he ought at least to have given himself the trouble of enquiring into the nature of the office to which the individual alluded to had been appointed . Had be done this he would have found , that the office of Paymaster of Widows ' Pensions had never been granted for life , and was not held by such a tenure even by the late general Fox . If , then , it were held by colonel M'Mahon even as it had been held by general Fox , still it would not be held as the hon . gent . had supposed . So far was this from being the case , and so far was this appointment from being any thing that could throw discredit on the Prince Regent , or be felt as insulting to parliament , or even to a Committee of that House ( which , however , was by no means the same thing ) that even in its being given , a marked intention to observe their Resolution was to be traced . Far from being against its being renewed by parliament , and disposed of as to them should seem best , it had been distinctly communicated to col. M'Mahon , by his Royal Highness 's command , that considering the circumstances , under which the office stood , he was to hold it as subject to 117 any view that parliament might take of it . ( Hear , hear ! ) He was surprised at the effect which this part of his speech seemed to have . Things appeared differently to different understandings . There might be some very great absurdity in what he had just uttered , but he was not aware that any thing had fallen from him to justify the triumphant cheers of the hon . gentlemen opposite . When the appointment of col. M'Mahon took place , it had been distinctly intimated to him , that he was not to consider that he had any hold on the office in question , that could prevent any adjudication of it which parliament might think proper to make . ( Hear , hear ! ) It seemed from the conduct of the hon . gentlemen , that what he bad just stated had only the effect of confirming the hon . gentlemen 's objections to the appointment , and that they considered the office thus given , to furnish stronger grounds for complaint than if it had been granted to col. M'Mahon by patent for life . If such was the opinion of the hon . gentlemen , he was content to leave them in the full possession of it . With respect to that or any other sinecure , the House however would recollect the course of its own proceedings . It had been resolved that no sinecures ought to be abolished till some other provision was made for accommodating public servants .