effort one great and uniform impulse . Nothing had been done to give tone to the Spanish government—they were left to themselves—and the first act was the publication of their `` Precautions , '' calling upon the people to fight as mere partisans , never to hazard a general action , and to think of nothing more than hanging on and harrassing the enemy—and this was the government that shortly after called for an army of 550,000 men , of which 50,000 should be cavalry . He blamed not ministers for the errors of the Spanish government ; but he thought that they were responsible to the country for not providing , as far as they could do , against the possibility of those errors defeating our co-operation , or rendering our assistance altogether nugatory . To show , in some measure , what had been the effect of our assistance in Spain , he would just call the attention of the House to the two first campaigns . Sir Arthur Wellesley sailed on the 28th of July , 1808 , He was sent to assist the Spaniards , and he landed at Corunna ; where , however , he afterwards re-im-barked , and sailed for Mondego , at which place he effected a landing . On the 17th of August the affair took place which was followed up by the battle of Vimiera on the 21st . Sir Arthur Wellesley was the next day superseded in the chief command by Sir Harry Burrard , who was himself , shortly after , again superseded by Sir Hugh Dalrymple . Such fluctuation was there in his Majesty 's councils as to the selection of a fit person for this command ! He should not dwell upon the disgraceful Convention of Cintra , which , amongst other mortifying conditions , stipulated to place general Junot at the head of 25,000 men , in that identical spot whence he could roost speedily march to that part of Spain , where he could act against Spain and her allies most seasonably and effectually ! From the 30th of August till the 16th of October , when Sir John Moore was sent out , no one step had been taken by ministers , though there was not , for the same length of time , a period since the commencement of the war in which so much might have been effected.—He then adverted to the campaign of Sir John Moore , who , he contended , had received no sort of co-operation from the Spaniards . He had reached Salamanca before he met 992 with a single Spanish piquet . He thought the conduct of ministers , in risking the safety of the British army , without any knowledge of the intentions of the Spaniards , extremely reprehensible.—He then passed to the battle of Talavera ; and , giving lord Wellington every credit for his skill and conduct in other particulars , he could not help censuring his march to Talavera , as a most imprudent one , when , even after a repulse of the enemy , however glorious , he was obliged to make a precipitate retreat , to the desertion of the sick and wounded in the hospital.—The remaining campaigns had , in every respect , the character of the two that preceded them : —hard-fought battles terminating in the repulse of the enemy—brilliant , perhaps , but certainly very unproductive.—He came now to that memorable Expedition , of which it would hardly be necessary to remind the noble lord opposite ( Castlereagh . ) It surely never could be out of his recollection . He was astonished to see the noble lord smile at any allusion to the dreadful tragedy of the Walcheren Expedition ( hear , hear ! ) ; though , indeed , that noble lord might well smile to think that he had himself escaped the ruin to which he had devoted so many-thousands ( hear , hear ! ) . The avowed object of that expedition was to create a diversion in favour of Austria : and how had that object been answered ? The battle ''