noble friends , he was convinced , that they would have altered that Order in Council if circumstances had required such alteration.—In neither of the speeches of the noble earls opposite , was there a single sentence addressed to the proposition that there be a committee appointed . The prosperity of the commerce of the country had been talked of . Prosperity ! It was a prosperity accompanied by numberless phenomena . It was accompanied by an unprecedented list of bankrupts . It was accompanied by an unprecedented distress among the manufacturers . It was accompanied by an unprecedented change in the wages of the lower orders . Into these phenomena , attendant on the alleged prosperity of commerce , it was fitting , in his opinion , that a committee should enquire . Had the noble earl read the Memorial from the merchants of Hull , stating with truth the great increase of foreign shipping , and the increasing nursery for foreign seamen produced by the present system ? If he had , he was astonished that the noble earl could reject the motion of his noble friend . With respect to the returns on the table , of exports and imports , they were in no wise to be depended upon . Circumstances of a peculiar , and indeed of a contradictory , nature , had conspired to swell them . In the exports , for instance , all goods exported without duty , might be entered to any amount . Thus , an export of only 50l . in value , might be entered as worth 5,000l . Added to this , commercial 1069 speculation had proceeded to such an extent , that it was a well known fact , that goods to a considerable amount had been exported from this country , particularly to Heligoland , at which place no market being found for them , they were actually returned— ( thus fruitless swelling the list of exports and imports , ) and sold by auction for half the original price at which they had been purchased from the manufacturers . This was far from that legitimate prosperity of commerce which resulted from actual consumption . A prossperous commerce was that where the wants and desires of the purchaser kept pace with the sales of the exporter . There was not a feature in the commerce of 1809 , which did not bespeak an unfavourable state ; and no country bad ever experienced commercial distress without exhibiting the phenomena which had been witnessed in this country . He did not doubt , but that we should see another year of similar prosperity . He thought , that after some stagnation in our trade , it would be likely , that some other scheme might send forth a new set of adventurers and speculators , and there might be another year of great export , which some would mistake for commercial prosperity . What was the professed object of the Orders in Council , but to make Buonaparté feel the consequences of his own acts ? The noble lord had said that France had been deeply injured by being deprived of the customs on colonial produce . But had not we suffered in the same degree , though in a different mode ? In his opinion , the loss suffered by the state of trade , produced by this new order of things , was infinitely greater on our part than on that of the enemy . When he saw , however , that there had been a falling off of twelve millions and a half in the customs in three years , and combined with this consideration the encreasing number of bankruptcies , and a knowledge of the excess of our exports above the real demands of our foreign trade , he saw not only sufficient but abundant evidence for going into the committee proposed by his noble friend . could not bring himself to consider this question merely in a commercial point of view , but should consider the repeal of the Orders in Council at the present moment , as an abandonment of all