the present case , and he trusted he should be excused if he stated his reasons for thinking it his indispensible duty to oppose the motion . He did so from a deep conviction of its constitutional impropriety , notwithstanding all the odium and reproach with which Mr. Walsh had been loaded ; he was satisfied that a concurrence in the vote proposed would be establishing a precedent , the consequences of which , though seen only in distant prospect , appeared most dangerous and alarming . He was little disposed to enter into a discussion of the nature of the jurisdiction that House exercised over its members , but hitherto , in his view , nothing had been adduced which could , in the slightest degree justify so severe and hasty a decision . The cases of libel must certainly be put out of sight , because it was a public crime acknowledged and punished by the law . As little was he disposed to question the propriety of the expulsion of members for breaches of public trust , because no one would deny that the House , which professed to be the guardian of the public purse , had a jurisdiction over such of its members as , forgetting their duty , unlawfully thrust their hands into it ; but he could never be brought to agree , that the mere breach of a private trust was any sufficient ground for the vindictive proceeding suggested by the motion just read from the chair . The only precedent of an enquiry of a private nature was taken from times when the usages of parliament were vague and unsettled—the year 1607 , the beginning of the reign of James I . It did not exactly appear what steps were taken on that occasion , and what was the exact nature of the transaction : yet this was the only instance which could be produced , after a most laborious search into the Journals . The case of the Charitable Corporation he would presently prove to be of a very different description . But for the present , setting aside these considerations , he wished to be informed what the House knew , parliamentarily , of the charges and complaints against Mr. Walsh ? The record certainly stated , that he was indicted for certain felonies con- 1181 tained in seven counts , followed by a general verdict of guilty . The record then ( and he wished the attention of the members of the legal profession to what he was about to say ) did not contain the judgment of the court upon the conviction , that judgment being postponed to another day . So that there was a verdict without judgment : and yet the hon . mover made use of this record as evidence . He was astonished the hon . mover had so done . What was to be collected from this record ? No court could use it for any purpose or act upon it ; non constat , what the judgment might have been ; a verdict of acquittal might have been the result . Supposing the jury had found him guilty , would a forfeiture of goods and chattels as in cases of felony have taken place upon the record , no judgment being on the face of it ? the case was reserved for more mature deliberation . All the judges were of opinion that the facts did not amount to felony ; there was in truth no ground for parliamentary proceeding against Mr. Walsh , nor had he ( sir Arthur ) any distinct notice of what the charge was . What the facts were he knew not , and no member , he believed , actually did , except from the Letter of the Chief Baron , which stated that the charge , in the estimation of the Judges , did not amount to felony . If the charges could have been argued before the three judges at the Old Bailey , they must have acquitted him ; therefore in point of fact , the case in substance , in reason