minds of the noble lords , was Ireland . Here they had recently issued a proclamation , the most unconstitutional that had ever been issued since the House of Hanover had been placed upon the throne . The general use of a proclamation was to direct the execution of the law , but this went to extend the law ; and , if the principle were admitted , a proclamation might as well be issued to suspend the law , a measure for the having recourse to which James the second lost his crown . The Catholic Committee had commenced their sitting on the 2nd of July , and on the 30th the proclamation was issued , and for this delay it would be difficult to assign any proper motive . The sitting continued for a month , during which time the instrument slept quietly under Dr. Duigenan 's cushion . He could not let the name of this respectable personage pass without a remark on his conduct . When elevated to the dignity of a privy counsellor he had promised to be silent in the cabinet on all that regarded the Catholic cause ; but when an indictment was to be preferred against the whole body , he could not by any possible exertion keep himself quiet . Till the issuing of the proclamation , the discontents of the Catholics had slumbered in their ashes ; it was indeed a slumber easily broken . He trusted that the table would groan with Petitions from the English Catholics in support of the Roman Catholics . When a right hon . gentleman ( Mr. W. Pole ) on a former evening , introduced the name of major Bryan to the House , he ought at the same time to have stated who he was . He ought to have stated , that major Bryan was a gentleman of considerable influence , great merit , and distinguished loyalty , who , having entered the army , had risen to the rank of a captain . He wanted to purchase a majority in the service , but had been forbidden to do so . In consequence of this , he had found himself obliged to quit the regiment in which he had served , and that too at a time when he could not help seeing many foreign Catholics in higher situations than any to which he had aspired . If that officer had continued in the army , he might probably now have ranked very high in the profession . He did not wish at present to go into the discussion of the Catholic question the thought it would be better deferred till after the Catholic petition had been presented ) he wished them to look 1007 at the present state of this country , at its commerce , manufactures , and revenues . The situation to which these were reduced , however , it should seem , was not sufficient for the ambition of the present ministry , and they were now about to array in arms against us another quarter of the globe , and this too at an æra when we were engaged in an unprofitable war , when we could entertain little hope of ultimately gaining that for which we had been fighting , and when there was no probability of the contest being brought to a conclusion , but through our impotence to continue it . If at such a crisis ministers refused to go into a committee on the State of the Nation , it could not but be said that they had brought the country into such a situation that they wished to be blind to it , that they were at once afraid of looking on the evil , and incapable of supplying a remedy . said , he did not think the topics which had been touched upon in support of the motion , were such as rendered it necessary for him to enter into any long discussion of their merits . It was not , therefore , his intention to follow the hon . baronet in his progress round the world ,