, and in common sense , stood in these materials , as if he had been acquitted . The hon . and learned gentleman declared that he did not know Mr. Walsh ; had never seen him , nor had the slightest intercourse with him ; he viewed him in the light of one of the King 's subjects , entitled to the benefit of the law , of which , in his opinion , Mr. Walsh was now substantially in possession , for he could not consider the result as any thing less than an acquittal . All the time , therefore , he had been detained as a convicted felon , he had been unjustly detained . The letter of the Chief Baron , to be sure , said that the facts in the charge were proved , but that it did not amount to felony . The pardon consequent upon that letter might be considered as a free pardon , for it authorised the sheriff to discharge him out of prison . Independent of that consideration , there was no ground for any parliamentary proceedings . Supposing the facts were as stated , he could 1182 not be prosecuted further in any of the courts below ; nor could any criminal punishment be inflicted upon him . Supposing the crime to be a breach of trust , how did the record connect itself with the crime charged , and what had the House , under those circumstances , to do ? It was not because the facts were notorious in a newspaper , that therefore the House must proceed . All that Mr. Walsh had suffered had been wrongfully endured : he did not impute blame to the prosecutors , but they had mistaken the nature of the charge . It behoved the House , therefore , to consider the principle they were called upon to recognise and support , and not make a precedent , which , thirty years hence , when Mr. Walsh and his history were forgotten , might be complained of . The case of notoriety had nothing to do with the question . It had no resemblance to the Charitable Corporation case—that was a fund established in the reign of queen Anne , amounting to 30,000l . The directors of it afterwards repeatedly applied to the crown , with false allegations , for the Queen 's licence to extend the funds of the charity , and the consequence was , they obtained , by these undue means , leave to extend the subscriptions to 600,000l . At last , in the year 1732 , when immense debts were due from the corporation , a Petition was presented from the proprietors to this House , stating gross abuses practised by three members of that House , directors of the fund , to buy stock when low , and sell when high ; the whole amount of their pledges for 400,000l . ( the debts of the corporation ) were about 30,000l . The House , upon the representation and complaint , took the matter up as a case of high state delinquency , and appointed a committee , who , after two sessions of minute and laborious enquiry , found sir Robert Sutton , bart . sir Archibald Grant , and George Robinson , esq . the three members , guilty of the charges , and they were afterwards expelled the House . That case , so far from originating in a private matter , was notoriously a public one , for after their expulsion , the House came to a Resolution , in 1733 , to address the King , to direct his Majesty 's law officers ( sir Philip Yorke and Mr. Talbot , the Attorney and Solicitor General ) , to prosecute them . There were no less than seven acts of parliament passed in that reign upon the subject of this enquiry . The House would consider this question without making any reference 1183 to the present state of parliament , and they should endeavour to remove nothing further from them than party feelings on such a subject .