* For Mr. Fox 's Motion on the State of Ireland , see Vol . 4 , p. 834 * . 498 to possess among us , and to whom , for these and for similar services , Ireland must ever look with feelings of esteem and gratitude . There are objections of a more pliant and less robust texture , which do not apply to the principle of concession , but to the time and the mode of introducing the measure . With regard to those who are averse to the principle , I am afraid no time or circumstances can influence the severity of their opinions ; but to those who have looked with an eye of indulgence on the claims of the Catholics , I should hope that the present moment would not appear to be unpropitious . I should trust that the object will not be seen as through a mist , and in a distant perspective ; it will not now be suffered to elude their grasp and recede from their vision . I should hope that it might appear to them as if we were willing , by a sort of spontaneous movement , to advance one step in the road of conciliation ; that we were desirous to atone in some measure for the long series of injustice and oppression , which disgraced and deformed the earlier periods of English rule in Ireland ; and that even in later transactions we might be inclined to soften the bitterness of frustrated hope and protracted disappointment . We might be enabled to add a grace to concession , which in the estimation of a spirited , open-hearted , loyal , and affectionate people might materially enhance the value of the gift . But even in this view of the subject I am far from pressing the hasty , immediate , unconditional , and unqualified acquiescence in all the claims of the Catholics . We have , I trust , time to examine the subject maturely and deliberately ; we have time to combine our concessions with all the securities not only essential to the maintenance of the doctrines of the Protestant church , but to the entire and inviolate preservation of all the varied gradation of its functions , all the authority of its institutions , all the dignity , splendour , and importance of its various establishments . But though we have time to enter into the enquiry , we have not time to procrastinate the period of beginning it . In what situation are we placed ? It is not sufficient that the most effective portion of Europe should be embattled against us ; conducted also by a skill , and actuated by an energy , never before paralleled . It is not sufficient that we should be upon the point of adding the inhabitants of another 499 hemisphere to the list of our adversaries ; but in addition to this , we must pursue a system most eminently calculated to encourage , cherish , and propagate discontent and dissatisfaction at home . What indeed has been the situation of the Catholics ? Their very religion has been reviled ; that form of religion held and reverenced by much the greater portion of the Christian world , has been converted into a term of reproach , into the watchword of a party : they have been assailed not only by the abuse and the invectives of the illiterate , but have been exposed to the mis-statements and misrepresentations of the great and the powerful ; the opposition to their claims has been made the stepping-stone to ambition , the symbol of loyalty , and the road and avenue to patronage , preferment , and power . Their conduct has been regulated and moderate , they have listened to your reproaches with patience , they have never discontinued their effective aid and succour to the manning of your navies , and recruiting your armies ; and have co-operated in the awful struggle in which you are engaged with undiminished resources and unexhausted zeal . But that they should not feel acutely and sensibly the