to recede from their measures , and thus gained advantages which we denied ourselves . The news which had so recently arrived from America , made it more important than ever , for the House thoroughly to consider this subject . The Bill spoken of as likely to pass , would , he thought , if passed , be calculated to give umbrage to France , and it was the duty of the English government , to endeavour , by conciliation , to avail themselves of any difference that might arise between America and France . 772 He did not know that any thing that he could say in addition to what he had offered , would be likely to influence the House more than what he had already advanced , he should therefore conclude , and whatever might be the fate of his motion , he should feel the satisfaction which had consoled him on other occasions , however he had failed of gaining the object he had in view , he meant that satisfaction which arose from a conscientiousness of having discharged his duty . He concluded by moving , `` That an bumble Address be presented to his royal highness the Prince Regent , that he will be graciously pleased to give directions , that there be laid before this House , copies of all correspondence which may have taken place between his Majesty 's principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs , and the ministers or Chargés d'Affaires of the United States of America , resident in England , from the 1st of January , 1810 , to the latest period ; also of all documents referred to in the said correspondence , together with copies of all correspondence between Mr. Foster and Mr. Monroe , with the documents referred to therein . '' expressed his satisfaction at having heard from the hon . gentleman , that he had no intention of going into the justice or policy of the Orders in Council , since the subject would soon come in a separate shape before the House , when it might be discussed with so much more advantage . But while this relieved him from the necessity of entering into the question of justice and policy , which he was fully prepared to do , he could not but regret , that without arguing the subject , the hon . gentleman had jumped to a conclusion—that he had dealt in generalities , and said , that the conduct of this country towards America was wrong . By this proceeding of the hon . gentleman , he was placed in a very unpleasant dilemma . He could not enter fully into the conduct of the Americans , without occasioning a discussion which it was far from his wish to produce ; and yet he would assert , in general , that instead of there having been any injustice in the conduct of this country towards America , we had the strongest case against her that ever one nation had against another : but he would not appeal to the evidence which he had brought with him , and he trusted be should be delivered from ever engaging in so unpleasant a dispute . At present , he would only say in general , that there never was 773 a more unfounded position , than that Great Britain had been unjust towards America , or wanting in a spirit of conciliation . On the contrary , nothing but the utmost aversion to a quarrel with America could have enabled this country to have borne so much . So far from having done any thing to provoke a rupture with America , the strongest , most persevering , and almost even humiliating means , had been employed to avoid it . He would forbear entering now into that topic , more particularly because he thought the question was not whether we should go to war with America , but whether America would go to war with us . ( Hear , hear . ) He saw no good that could result from a premature agitation in that House of