it was not only America that we had in view , but our allies . But it was needless for him to go at length into these points , on which he had been so ably anticipated by his right hon . friend , and by his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Rose and Mr. Stephen ) ; indeed they had left him very little to say . With regard to the assertion that our trade had been injured by the Orders in Council , there were documents before the House which distinctly disproved the assertion . It was obvious from those documents that after the Orders in Council , the trade of the country rose progressively . If we had so far effectually rescued ourselves from the ruin with which we were threatened , as to place ourselves in the same situation in which we stood in 1803 ( a period of which he had heard no complaint ) , by means of those Orders , he did not see upon what ground we could impute out present difficulties to their existence . After two such years as 1809 and 1810 , in which the exports of the country were doubled , it was natural to expect a temporary stagnation . Certainly in 1810 , several seizures had been made , as was stated , and great loss sustained by the country ; but did not that , and the consequent reluctance of embarking in speculation , account for the depression of trade , and the multiplication of bankruptcies , rather than any thing connected with the Orders in Council ? His hon . friend ( Mr. Wilberforce ) had admitted not only that the Orders in Council were strictly justifiable , but that they had produced a beneficial effect . The commercial embarrassments which were now experienced induced him to think there was something wrong in the system , which required alteration ; and therefore he supported this motion for inquiry . It did not appear to 1155 him to be a very correct mode of reasoning to attribute the recent diminution of trade to those Orders in Council , when it was an incontestible fact that for two or three years they had produced a directly opposite effect ; and when the decrease which had taken place had been so clearly traced to other causes . But it had been argued , that even if the Orders in Council had not produced effects detrimental to our trade , they had tended to encourage foreign seamen . The first and obvious observation that occurred on this objection was , that it was wholly irreconcilable with those which had been urged from the same quarter . It would hardly be contended that the Orders in Council could produce two effects diametrically opposite to each other ; they could not at the same time destroy our trade , and yet give such great encouragement to foreign seamen in carrying it on . That foreign shipping and foreign seamen had , from the peculiar and unprecedented circumstances of the times , been employed to a greater extent than could be wished , was not denied ; but that effect was not produced by the Orders in Council which had been issued by the present government . The system of which it was the result was in force when they came into power ; and those gentlemen who expressed such alarm at the consequences of employing foreign seamen , ought surely to have proclaimed their apprehensions when that system was first introduced in the administration of lord Grenville . He was far from contending that , if any measure which he had adopted was impolitic , he ought to be excused , because it was introduced by another administration ; he had merely mentioned the circumstance , to shew gentlemen who were so ready to throw every species of blame upon the present ministers , bow necessary it was to ascertain facts before they preferred charges . The assertion , however , that the effect of the Orders in Council had diminished the quantity of British shipping ( against whatever