of Trade—to see these noble and right hon . politicians spending whole mornings in laying their heads together , and determining with the utmost attention and gravity whether one cargo should consist of cotton , or of wool—whether 1108 scissars should be added—whether nails should be added to the scissars—whether the scissars or the nails should be left out—or whether the commerce of the country might or might not be ruined by throwing in a little hemp along with the nails and the scissars ! ( Laughing . ) These are now the lucubrations of the right hon . gentleman and his colleagues . Now with all the respect possible for the right hon . gentleman in his political capacity , I really feel so little respect for him in his capacity of tradesman , that I tremble for the consequences of leaving our commerce to such management . But this system of controul and interference is not all ; there are abuses connected with the granting of licences which speak powerfully in favour of the present inquiry . I do not mean by abuses , to say that I think any undue preference is shewn in the granting of these licences , or that any unjustifiable motive at any time is the cause of their refusal ; but with every allowance for purity of motive in the right hon . gentleman and his colleagues , I contend that there are abuses to which , from the nature of things , this sys-tem is inevitably exposed . It came out lately , that by the mistake of a clerk in one word a paper was delivered from the Licence office , for which my hon . friend near me , one of the greatest merchants in the world ( Mr. Baring , ) said he would willingly have given 15,000l . This is a circumstance which surely ought to make us pause . Is it not dreadful that our trade should be carried on in such a manner that an effect like this may result from so trifling a mistake ? It is nothing to the purpose to tell us that that fabricated paper was the consequence of a clerical error . All this may be very true ; but who knows whether this was the only mistake , and whether this beneficial error may not at a future period give a pretty significant hint for repeating the error designedly ? Besides , are there no other modes of preference ? Is the system liable to no other abuse ? Can no other favour be shewn but this ? What is the House to think of the opportunities which some gentlemen must have of obtaining information compared with others ? Some hon . gentlemen are more nearly connected with the right hon . gentleman than others , and have more opportunities of hearing his sentiments . He , like other traders , has his particular customers , with whom he must naturally be more disposed to converse than with 1109 others ; for I presume the right hon . gent , does not act without furnishing himself , by communication with some commercial men , with the knowledge necessary for his business . Now these favourite customers may in all probability be much more cunning than the right hon . gentleman is aware of , and , with all due confidence in his sagacity , it is not unlikely that while he is consulting different individuals with respect to what assortment of goods may best fit at one time , or what at another , he may allow them to leave him persuaded of the importance of the information he has derived from them , while they are as perfectly satisfied with the intelligence which they have contrived to ferret out of him . I am sure that the right hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Canning ) who not long ago held the seals of the Foreign Office , is very sensible of the number of persons who are always prowling about in order to learn something that may be turned to advantage . They strive in the