gratification or pride in seeing the officer whom he had followed to battle and to victory elevated to the highest rank in his profession ; that the Irish peasantry would feel no satisfaction in seeing their peerage resuming their hereditary seats in the legislature of their country , or their gentry raised to the highest offices of the bar and of the state . Such positions are not only at variance with the declarations of the Catholics themselves , with the testimony of those best acquainted with their character and disposition , but utterly irreconcilable with the feelings of human nature itself . The objections to concessions to the Catholics may be divided into two classes : the one containing those that apply to the whole principle of concession under any circumstances , and at any time ; the other containing those not hostile to the principle , but censuring and criticising the time and mode of applying the remedy . The first is indeed of a formidable description : it is contended by those who oppose the principle , that the concession of capacity of power to the Catholics would materially endanger , if not subvert , the Protestant establishment in , church and state . The reasons indeed of this alarm , the grounds upon which it is founded , have never , in my opinion , been defined with that degree of accuracy as to carry even the semblance of conviction to an unprejudiced mind . That alarm must proceed upon the utter disregard 497 and complete disbelief of all the declarations that have been made by the Catholics , of the oaths they have taken , and are ready to take , of the tests by which they are willing and anxious to abide . But looking at the condition of the Catholics in the mixed ratio of their population and their property , counterbalanced as it is by the great authority and influence of the establishment , counterbalanced also as it is by the power and influence of the great body of the dissenters ( not particularly interested in building a Catholic hierarchy upon the ruins of a Protestant establishment ) , is it not absurd and extravagant to suppose that the Catholics , if they had the inclination ( which I deny ) , could have the power to subvert the Protestant establishment ? If I could have entertained such a belief , I should be most culpable in proposing the present measure ; I should have been culpable in the successive votes that I have given in favour of the Catholic petitions . I should also have been culpable in having given my support to the great measure of the Union under the decided expectation that it was the intention of the government of that day , upon the accomplishment of that work , to have proposed such measures of relief to the Catholics as would have effectually removed the causes of the present discontents . How these expectations were realized , it is needless now to enquire . How the expectations of the Catholics were realized , is a subject of graver import and of weightier consideration ; but in this part of the subject it is only necessary to refer to a statement so convincingly made upon a former occasion by a right hon . friend of mine ( Mr. Elliot ) , who at the time of the Union held an official situation in the Irish government . It is unnecessary to enter into discussions that have been frequently repeated ; it might appear almost presumptuous to tread upon ground that , still bears the traces , still revives the recollection of that great man ( Mr. Fox * , ) now unfortunately no , more , who never displayed the power of his mind with more signal effect , than when he stood forth the champion and advocate of the civil and religious liberties of his countrymen . Nor will I venture upon topics illustrated and adorned by the genius and eloquence of a right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Grattan ) , whom we have the good fortune