was so much said about his mala fides ? If a country ought never to make peace with bad monarch ? , why did our ancestors make peace with Louis 14th , at the time he was oppressing this very country of Spain , and the Palatinate ? Why on the same principle , had the continental powers made peace with this country during the usurpation of Cromwell ? Might they not have taunted him with having murdered his royal master , and with being a canting hypocrite ? If they had done so , would England have tolerated such language ? And why then should we use such taunting expression at present , the only effect of which must be to excite useless irritation ? At no period of our history would peace with any of the Bourbons have been at all more to be relied on in point of continuance , than would peace with Buonaparté at the present moment . Then why not meet him in the spirit of peace ? He might perhaps be told that Buonaparté would not give up Joseph ? How could our government know this if they did not try ; and was not the object worth trying for ? He was anxious not to compromise in the smallest degree the honour and integrity 999 of the country ; but still he could not agree that the present system should be persevered in , without an endeavour to see what could be done towards procuring peace . He now came , he said , to a part of the subject to which he felt himself much more warmly , more anxiously alive . His thoughts imperceptibly drew him to America ; and he could not help asking , `` why not try what conciliation will do there ? '' The two countries were formed for friendship with each other , —habits and manners nearly assimilating , and mutual interest loudly calling out to run into each others arms : —it seemed to him there was nothing to keep them asunder , but a false pride . If this country chose to conciliate America by repealing the Orders in Council , an opening would once more be given to our commerce and manufactures . This was a measure peculiarly required for the preservation and the prosperity of the country . Alas ! if we talked of the prosperity of the country at the present moment , where was it to be found ? In a high minded aristocracy ? No ; our nobility were content to hide their heads in retirement or seek refuge at a watering place , instead of keeping open house , and shewing the ancient English hospitality . Was it to be found among our capitalists ? Not in the great commercial capitalist , for he was obliged to lie on his oars . Not in the small capitalist , for though true it was , that his thirst for speculation to new colonies had swelled the columns of the export and import list , yet that thirst had also contributed to swell the columns of the gazette . Was it then to be found in the manufacturing classes ? —Certainly not ! for sad experience had shewn to what distresses they were reduced , living on riot , and organizing their proceedings in a manner the most astonishing . Was it to be found in the trade by licences , so hurtful in itself , and so disgracefully abused ? Or , lastly , was it to be found in the total disappearance of the legal current coin of the realm ? An evil which had grown to such a height , that we might expect , if the system were persevered in , to see our circulating medium more debased even than that iron money which had caused such complaints in Sweden . He declared that he had no intention to exaggerate in his statements . In his figures he knew he was correct ; in his sentiments he had at least the merit of sincerity : and was this system , pursued so 1000 long ,