he would submit , that they should undergo a scrutiny in a Committee of expenditure , such as was established last year . This was the only charge attached to his Majesty 's privy purse , but there might be others which , would be very properly referable to the same account . With regard to his Majesty 's private property , it might perhaps 158 be thought reasonable , that the expences incurred for medical assistance should be satisfied out of that fund ; but he had to inform the House , that the state of the revenue of the duchy of Lancaster was such , as that the excess of it , which was about 30 or 40,000l . might be applicable to heads of expence of that description . With respect to the arrangement of his Majesty 's private property , three commissioners would be established for that purpose ; one of whom ought to be , for every reason , a Master in Chancery , and the other two should be appointed by the queen and the Prince Regent . These commissioners should act under an oath , and an oath of secrecy ; and to them , perhaps , it would be wise to refer the small pensions and allowances which he before said ought to be subjected to an audit . He had now nearly stated all that was necessary with respect to the establishments ' for the King and Queen ; and it was shortly , that 100,000l . should be taken from the civil list , for the purpose of defraying the expences of the establishment ; and that , in addition , but 70,000l . including the 10,000l . to her Majesty , was to be provided for by the public . He now arrived at the consideration of the situation in which his royal highness the Prince Regent would be placed , having the Civil List returned to him 100,000l . a year less than had been allowed to his Majesty . The most easy way to enable him to possess it to the same extent , would be to vote at once 100,000l . out of the consolidated fund , and extinguish his exchequer revenue . It was natural , however , to suppose , that the Prince had understood the income arising to him out of the Exchequer should be continued to him till he came into the possession of the monarchy itself . It therefore would not ; be fair to him , or to those who might have claims on this revenue , to disturb that supply ; and consequently , the sum wanted ought to be taken from some other quarter . The Committee might think it better to leave that revenue , which they knew amounted to 120,000l . subject at present to a deduction of 12,000l . per annum for the income tax ( which would now cease ) , at the disposal of the Prince , and that it might be unjust to take from him the means of satisfying the claims on him . He would however propose , that of his Exchequer income , 50,000l . should be tranferred to the Civil List , instead of being paid to him , which would leave of 159 that fund 70,000l . untouched . It was to be presumed that the Household expences of the Regent , from the circumstance of his family being so much smaller than that of his Majesty , would not be so great . In taking therefore 100,000l . from the civil list for the purpose before stated , and adding to it from the Exchequer the sum of 50,000l . a diminution of 50,000l . would remain , which it was thought might be dispensed with on account of the Prince 's smaller family , and consequently smaller expenditure . It would be an act of injustice , he must observe , if they were to transfer the Civil List to the Prince , as being solvent , to defray the expences of his Majesty , when it was notorious that this was not the fact