and gallant friend to that situation . As to colonel M'Mahon , it , would be the general opinion in the public mind , that the place which he held , was granted to him as to the personal favourite of the Prince Regent . The right hon . gentleman himself had , in the course of his administration , made more offers of efficient situations than almost any other minister : he had very recently made offers of a similar nature , in various quarters ; and it was one of the most inauspicious symptoms of the `` new era which had lately commenced , that these offers had been made , and had also been rejected . A noble lord under the gallery ( lord Castlereagh ) had told the House , that the present motion was quite unparliamentary ; that the office itself should 927 be struck at , and not the salary . On the contrary , it was quite parliamentary . The crown might proclaim war , but it rested with that House to provide the means of carrying it on . The right of appointing to this office was vested in the crown ; but it rested with that House whether or not they should ratify that appointment , by granting the money for the salary . The money once taken away , you took away the life of the office ; if the House took away the money , the person who held the office would not be very ready to perform the duties , if any , that were attached to it . So that , in fact , the real point now for the House to determine was , whether they would concur in this appointment of the Prince Regent , by the advice of his minister , to an office their commissioners had more than once proclaimed ought to be abolished . But the right hon . gentle man alleged , that because the report of these commissioners had never been taken up , or acted upon , therefore parliament had , in fact , passed a silent negative on their resolutions . He would readily acknowledge , that many of the reports of their committees on finance and public offices had been suffered to slumber in oblivion on their table . Ministers had been able to stave off , and defeat by their manœuvres , from time to time , many of the measures successively recommended ; and now , after an interval of years , they come forward and say , that it would be inconsistent in the House to take up a measure which they had contrived to stave off , on the ground that it had slumbered so long unheeded and unacted . But there was this to be said on the subject of delay , that in 1783 , when the commissioners recommended the abolition of the office , there were two persons had vested interests in its continuance . But now he came to the pinching point ; and would say , that the House was bound in every point of view , to take up the matter , because an improper appointment had been made ; —an appointment improper as it respected the Prince Regent , —improper as it respected the declared form of the House , —and odious as it regarded the feelings of the people . Because this cancer had existed so long , was it sufficient to say that no remedy ought now to be applied ? Colonel M. Mahon had told them , that he put himself , as to this office , entirely at the disposal of parliament . This was not saying much , for how could he do otherwise . The Chancellor of the 928 Exchequer had said the same thing ; but he had followed it up with a declaration which was virtually conveyed by his conduct , that he would do every thing to prevent parliament from taking the office away from the hon . colonel . To use his own language , he had given the office to its present possessor , (