found subject to the opinion of the judges hereafter—a mode of finding , of which , by the bye , the fewer instances that occurred , the better . But what sort of law must that be ? In what state must those laws be , of which the great law expounders themselves were ignorant ? If 1189 the judges themselves did not know the law , was not that law a mere snare for men , instead of being what it ought to be , a safe-guard ? This was a topic , which , in his mind , called for the most serious consideration . With respect to the pardon—he doubted if it could be properly so called—he had understood that a free par don must pass under the great seal—he was sure that at least , in the present in stance , there should have been more publicity . Mr. Walsh should have pleaded his pardon in open Court ; the reasons for granting the pardon should have been stated at large , and the judges would be then bound by their oaths to say , whether the reasons were , according to law , fit , just , and adequate . As to the intention of Mr. Walsh , his letter left no room for doubt , though he knew not how that letter got into public circulation , or by what management at the Post-Office it was , in the first instance , secured . However , he thought there had been full enough made out to convict Mr. Walsh of an abominable fraud ; and as being guilty of such fraud , he should certainly vote for his ex pulsion from that House.—Before he sat down , he wished to mention one or two cases , which , in his mind , the House ought to have prosecuted with as much , if not with more rigour , than the present . These cases were not drawn from remote , but recent times ; for , as for precedents of the proceedings of that House , there Was scarcely any thing for which there might not be found a precedent in the heated and violent times that had passed at different intervals . The first instance be should mention was that of Mr. Steele . His fraud , in a public point of view , was of infinitely greater moment than the private transaction in the present instance ; and yet there had been no notice taken of it . It appeared upon the report of the Finance Committee , that , during the administration of Mr. Steele , the then Treasurer of the Navy , he was in debt to the public to the amount of 19,000l . It might be said that he had paid this money back : this was no alleviation whatever , and the interest was at all events lost to the publics.—The next case he mentioned was that of Mr. Hunt . This person had been let go to Portugal , where he could have been easily apprehended , if the government had thought proper . He was now in the Brazils , where they could as easily apprehend him ; and yet this defaulter , he understood , was at that moment in the actual 1190 receipt of two pensions from this country , to the amount of 1,000l . a year—one of them granted him in the year 1802 , the other in the year 1894 . Another instance was that of Mr. Mills , who , for the purpose of cheating his creditors , bought a seat in that House . He was at the time a prisoner for debt to an immense amount in the King 's Bench ; his creditors petitioned the House * and besought them not to interpose their privilege in behalf of a swindling trick to defraud them . The petition was , however , of no avail . Mills was enlarged , and took the opportunity his privilege of parliament afforded him , of escaping to America . There was another case of greater public enormity than either ,