; but had merely asked him , yes or no , as to the fact . said , he should not then express any opinion on the sum of 100,000l . proposed to be granted to the Prince Regent . It was needless , as the right hon . gentleman did not mean to move it that night . At a future period he should certainly feel it his duty to notice it . If , however , it were stated , with the concurrence of his Royal Highness , as necessary to make good such outgoings as had unavoidably been called for in the course of the last year , and for those which his assumption of the regal office , permanently , might now demand , he certainly would not oppose it.—He felt it to be his duty to say a few words , because he was placed in a very strange situation as to the vote he was called on to give . He could wish to have been allowed more time ; first , that he might understand the plan ; and next , that he might give it such full consideration as would enable him to vote correctly . Two points , of infinite importance , were brought before the Committee . One was a question purely of money , and one of a purely constitutional nature . He was called on to vote a large sum of money for the establishment of a second court , a thing unknown to the country and unrecognised by the constitution . His Majesty was still the sovereign of the country , and the Prince Regent was nothing more than a person substituted , by the vote of parliament , to perform the royal functions . He thought none of the splendour of the regal office could be said to belong to the man . No individual ever reigned more beloved than the unfortunate George the Third ; no monarch deserved splendour more than he did ; and , if his vote were demanded on the principle of his Majesty 's virtues , he would willingly give it in support of his dignity ; but , he must also contemplate the proper splendour of the executive power ; not coming in contact or collision with any other power , but standing , as it should do , on the highest eminence . The plan of the right hon . gentleman seemed to be to give her Majesty , on behalf of her royal consort , a separate court , on one side , while , on the other , the Prince Regent , as exercising the royal authority , 169 should possess a second . Was this , he would ask , necessary ? Sure he was , that it was most dangerous . The right hon . gentleman had demanded , would they reduce his Majesty 's dignity to the mere situation of a person in comfortable circumstances ? Certainly he would not . He would do much more . He would recollect what was due to his king . Yet , even if he acted much short of the plan proposed by the right hon . gentleman , he thought he could do abundance , to shew to the country and to the right hon . gentleman , that , in due regard to the true splendour of his Majesty , he was as anxious as any man . What did the right hon . gentleman propose ? Her Majesty was to have under her control , a Groom of the Stole , a Vice-Chamberlain , a Master of the Robes , four Lords of the Bedchamber , four Grooms of the Bedchamber , seven Equerries , & c. & c. and , in order to take care of his private property , with which , he had been taught to believe parliament had no more to do than with the property of the king of France , three new officers were to be appointed . [ The Chancellor of the Exchequer here said they were to be paid out of the estimated fund . ]