sufficiently satisfied every man that he was one of the most powerful and considerable persons in that House . wished merely to ask one question . The account now submitted to the House began in 1793 , and ended in 1810 , and taking the amount at 7,300,000l . the annual sum was 430,000l . a sum which , it was contended , should be wholly at the disposal of the crown . Now , 270 what he wished to ask was , merely , if anyone had demanded , in 1793 , that a sum of 430,000l . should be annually at the uncontrouled disposal of the crown , for 17 years , how would the proposition , at that time , have been received ? saw no particular weight in the question which had been just put , to make any member alter his opinion on this subject . There was as wide a distinction between the case which he had supposed , of the sum of 430,000l . being annually at the uncontrouled discretion of the crown , and the present , as could well be between any one case and another ; because it was impossible for any person to look at the paper now before the House with care , without seeing that the amount of the sum which he had stated was limited by the abatements and deductions necessary in bringing it into existence , to less than the half of what he had stated ; and whenever an application was made of any part of that remainder it was subject to be canvassed by parliament . Whatever might have been the practice of former administrations , he would for his own part say , that the very first moment he heard of any suspicion as to the manner in which any part of the funds had been disposed of , he had shewn a perfect readiness to produce an account of it , that it might be seen in what way the application had been made . The account now before the House , was produced in May 1810 , and the hon . and learned gentleman had had two years to bring forward the declamatory attack which he had that night thought proper to make . They had heard much of the talents and eloquence displayed that night by the hon . and learned gentleman ; but whatever opinion might be entertained of those talents or that eloquence , sure he was that the application of them in the present case was not calculated to give much satisfaction . But whatever his eloquence might have been , it was in his opinion not unanswered , and even in sundry parts of his argument by the hon . gentleman who was the seconder of his motion . To that hon . gentleman he wished to ask , if , after the argument delivered by him , he would support the present question ? He thought that he understood that hon . gentleman , and really he could not conceive how with the doctrine he had held , he could increase the list of those admirers of eloquence , who agreed with the arguments 271 and supported the resolutions of his hon . and learned friend . The hon . and learned mover had stated that it was possible to carry on war with this inordinate sum of eight millions , without the assistance of parliament : for in order to justify the eloquence and violence of the hon . and learned gentleman , it appeared necessary for him to state , that the fund amounted to that extent , without taking the smallest account of the necessary deductions to which it was subjected . Was the hon . and learned gentleman really serious in urging such an argument to the House ? The question before the House naturally re-Solved itself into the legality of the existence of this fund , and the propriety of its continuance : and with regard to the legality he was really astonished that any lawyer should have thought proper to state in that House , because the Droits