122 of life that the same man could be an independent member of that House and a possessor of a place under government ? Was he prepared to act in conformity to his principles ? Had he renounced all hope of political and official preferment ? Did he wish to be understood as expressing this ? He could not conceive , indeed , why a faithful servant of the crown might not be likewise a faithful representative of his constituents . He saw nothing incompatible in the two stations ; but if every one who occupied them was to be exposed to malignant insinuations , if he was to be immediately the object of suspicious rancour , honourable men would soon cease to accept such appointments , lest they should be forthwith regarded as having necessarily bartered their integrity for their places . observed , that the hon . and learned gent . who had just sat down , had displayed rather more warmth than the occasion seemed exactly to demand . He agreed , however , with his hon . friend ( Mr. Brougham ) that it would have been better if the hon . mover had adverted to the situation of the Master in Chancery earlier , or not at all . No appointment had taken place with more publicity at the time , or had been more before the public : and if any thing was to be objected to , the proper lime for bringing forward such objection would have been at a less recent period than the present . He was happy , however , to admit the , great fitness of the hon . and learned gent . for the station which he filled , and which he was far from regarding as a sinecure , He conceived , indeed , that the intention of the hon . mover was not to censure the appointment , individually , but generally the practice of rewarding political votes by such appointments . In adverting to the case of colonel M'Mahon he was not of opinion that the hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Croker ) had entirely removed all its objectionable qualities . The principal feature of blame in the transaction was , that of appointing him , during the recess of parliament , to a situation which every one must know to be a sinecure , and therefore an incumbrance upon the public purse , and fit only to be abolished . Ministers , he thought , might , with more decency , have waited till , parliament met , for there were no duties attached to the situation which called so imperiously for performance , that the omission of them would have , been injurious to the public 123 service . The intimation of his provisional nomination which had been made to col. M'Mahon , and upon which so much stress was laid by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , appeared to him extremely futile and nugatory . The same might be said to any man receiving any species of appointment . To what did it amount ? What actual efficacy had it as far as regarded the resumption of the appointment ? Could it now be taken from colonel M'Mahon without some other remuneration being given in its place ? He did not wish to be considered as having any personal hostility towards colonel M'Mahon . He was a man of whom he never heard an evil report in his life , so blameless was his conduct , both public and private . He was a faithful servant of his royal master . But he thought ministers had acted with great impropriety in advising the Prince Regent to reward his services by such an appointment . If they had studied to bring the Prince Regent into contempt , he thought they could not have hit on a better expedient for accomplishing their design . With regard to the appointment of Mr. Buller , as Clerk of the Council , he had no other objection to it than as it was the means of bringing another placeman into parliament . He had even