towards all its subjects , that state , however reluctantly , must hold to such restraints , as the necessary means of public security . How does this reasoning apply to the claim of the Roman Catholics of Ireland ? What justification remains for continuing the restraint of which they complain ? Is no mischief felt from its continuance ? What danger is dreaded from its removal ? What is the probable balance of peril between its continuance and its removal ? The noble marquis declared , that in his judgment , the mischief of continuing this system of restraint greatly overbalanced any danger which could be apprehended from reverting to the more liberal , more mild , more benignant , and auspicious policy , which had adorned the earlier periods of his Majesty 's reign . 441 The original severity of the penal laws was directed against the Roman Catholics rather as the known instruments and abettors of the system of arbitrary power at that era , than as the sectaries of a peculiar religious faith . The papist succession to the British throne was dreaded , as the certain destruction of our liberties and laws , as well as of the independence and freedom of Europe ; our ecclesiastical establishment was inseparably blended with the foundations of our limited monarchy , and of our civil rights ; and a bulwark was formed by the admirable connection of the whole fabric of our constitution , which has proved impregnable to every assault of domestic or foreign foes . The long lapse of time , the gradual and progressive change of circumstances , have removed the alarm of a papist successor to the crown , or of a papist combination for the introduction of arbitrary power . The Roman Catholics of Ireland have not been viewed by the legislature , as the ready instruments of ruin to our established constitution . Why have they been admitted to the benefits which they now enjoy ? Why were they relieved from the ignominy of disherison ? Admitted to the rights of property , to the elective franchise , to the bar , to the army , to various other advantages ? Has the benevolence of the state rashly opened to them the portals of a constitution , of which they are believed to be the sworn foes ? Have they been permitted to approach so closely to the throne and altar , under conviction of a traitorous conspiracy to destroy both ? Their lordships must remember what has been already granted to the Roman Catholics , before a just estimate can be formed of the effect , either of withholding or of conceding what remains under restraint . Do the Roman Catholics of Ireland now possess no political powers ? No person acquainted with that country would deny that they possess a large , almost a predominant share of political power in Ireland . This fact afforded matter of deep reflection : it must be the policy of every wise state , to connect all descriptions of persons , possessing political power , with the general frame of the community , to mix and blend their individual pursuits with the common interests of the state , and to attach them by the powerful ties 442 of honourable ambition and honest gain to the established order of the government . A body , possessing great political power , but separated from the state by special exclusions and restraints ; individual ambition extinguished ; individual interest abridged ; uninfluenced by the government ; exercising an influence , which the government can neither extend , nor diminish ; dissociated from all the establishments , civil , military , and religious , but yet holding an intrinsic weight , which occasionally presses upon every establishment—what must be the operation of such a body upon the frame of any state ? It must be prejudicial to public order and tranquillity , because its action is not coincident with the ordinary movement of the state , not regulated by the same principles , nor touched and moved by the same means , nor directed to the same ends