to the animadversion of every gentleman in that House , as completely as if he had not voted for the Amendment . He agreed with the remark which the right hon . gent . had made on the subject of the American negociations . It certainly was not desire-able that any discussion should take place on that topic , while the business was still pending , as stated in the Speech they had recently heard read—still , however , it would unquestionably be competent for any hon . member , at a future time , to introduce whatever observations he thought proper , on the state of the relations between the two countries.—The right hon . gent . complained , that the Speech had not taken any notice of the affairs of Ireland , farther than the statement of an improved revenue in the present year , compared 48 with that which had passed . Now , it appeared to him , that the right hon . gent . had himself , by his own admission , given strong evidence of the propriety of abstaining from any specific and particular statement relative to the situation of Ireland ; for having , in the first instance , mentioned it as a blameable omission , in the very next sentence , he observed , that he would not then go at large into the subject , as he conceived it would not be right , when the Speech , Address , and Amendment , were before the House . Surely , if the right hon . gent . was of that opinion , he might have thought that those whose duty it was to frame the Speech , would feel the propriety of excluding from it , as premature , at the present period , the subject to which he had alluded . Surely , if he now considered such a discussion unadvisable , he might also believe , that it would not have been right for the officers of the crown to press the subject in such a manner on the House , as would , in all probability , have provoked that debate he had deprecated . It must be evident to every impartial man , that it would be peculiarly-improper to bring forward the state of Ireland at present ; to force it , as it were , upon the attention of parliament , when the great question which agitated that country was on the point of undergoing legal discussion.—He hoped these few observations would be looked upon as a full answer to what the right hon . gent . had said . As to the notice which he had given , it undoubtedly was competent for every gentleman to bring forward , for the consideration of the House , any subject which he thought fit ; but he trusted , that , on so important a topic , such a fair and liberal notice would be given , as to insure the attendance of the right hon . gent . to whom he had alluded . In the present situation of the debate , he did not feel it necessary to say more . He would only state , that it had been the anxious wish of the noble lord who moved , and of the hon . gent . who seconded , the Amendment , so to form the Address , that no pledge should be required or given by it , except that the cause of Spain , constituted as it now was , should not be abandoned . But , as he had before observed , how that cause was to be supported , what supplies were to be granted , and in what manner those aids were to be applied , were points left open for future discussion . He hoped , by surveying and treating the Speech in that manner , he had removed the objections which 49 the right hon . gent . had stated against voting for the Amendment . , in explanation , said , the right hon . gent . seemed , from the observations he bad made ,