the person who issued it , therefore they were responsible for it . After the promulgation of the Circular , a proclamation followed ; and the House were told , that the proceedings of the Catholics were highly contumacious , because the attorney and solicitor general having given their opinion that they were acting illegally , they still persevered . But , when it was recollected , that the Convention act was passed eighteen years ago , that during the whole of that period , Catholic meetings were permitted , that they had been encouraged by different administrations , and that Catholic delegates had been honoured with an audience of his Majesty , these might be considered tolerable grounds for influencing the Catholic body to believe that their proceedings were not improper . Still however , it was said , the opinions of the Attorney and Solicitor General were against them , and therefore they ought to have acquiesced . Had the opinions of the Attorney and Solicitor General been always found infallible ? He remembered a case when the opinion of the then Attorney General , and now Chancellor of the Exchequer ( Mr. Perceval ) had been as industriously circulated through England to convince the volunteers that they were not at liberty to resign . Yet that opinion was resisted by the volunteers , and in consequence over-ruled by the King's-bench unanimously and without hesitation . He hoped and trusted , the matter would not rest with the opinions delivered in the case of Dr. Sheridan , or the verdict given in that of Mr. Kirwan ; but that the question would be brought before a higher tribunal , not that he entertained a mean opinion of the Irish courts , but that he had a much higher of the House of Lords . He meant not to reflect on the conduct of the Irish judges ; but , if he ever did , he would not 616 be deterred by what fell from the hon . gentleman ( Mr. W. Fitzgerald ) as to any hon . member daring ' to arraign that conduct . It was their bounden duty to arraign it , if they conceived it necessary ; and it was dangerous to the welfare of the country , to support a principle by which the controul of parliament was questioned . He should always maintain that the powers of the House of Commons were as competent to take cognizance of complaints against judges as against any other individuals . The hon . gentleman next adverted to the warrant of the chief-justice , which he contended , had been made use of for no other purpose than to prejudge the question—to obtain an extrajudicial decision . The only case in which a Chief Justice 's warrant was usually issued was , where the person to be apprehended could not easily be found . According to the laws both of England and Ireland , the chief justice 's warrant pervaded every part of the kingdom , and it was compulsory upon every inferior magistrate to see it carried into effect.—The warrant issued for the arrest of the Catholic delegates was ( contrary he . believed to the usual form ) , directed only ; to the county , and city of Dublin , and was therefore a warrant which any Dublin magistrate was as well qualified as the lord chief justice himself to issue ; In this assumption he was borne out by the circumstance , that the form of the act had not been followed ; and the insertion of the words `` on pretence of petitioning , '' which had never been explained , was most , ; extraordinary . He then entered into an examination of the act , and contended that being strictly declaratory , it could not carry the law farther than it stood before it was passed in 1793 , and at that period the law was the same in England as in Ireland : if there fore the new interpretation of the law was correct , great commercial towns in Ireland could not delegate persons to prepare there petitions