, must necessarily be limited . Was this right ? Were the House of Commons to believe that his royal highness owed those debts without having received any communication from him ? This was not the mode pursued in the year 1803 . But it was not the fashion with ministers to advise his royal highness to make any communication . No ; they were to guess that he wanted 100,000l . and they were to vote it ; they were to suppose that he 352 needed 70,000l . per annum , and it was to be paid , from an intuitive conviction , that his royal highness owed it . Was that a situation in which the House ought to be placed ? Why were they not apprised of the state of the debt ? Why were they not informed how many years this annuity should be allowed for its discharge ? Was it customary to vote 100,000l . in money , and 70,000l . per annum indefinitely , not for the payment of the Prince 's debts ( for he would not believe any were due till it was proved ) , but as a source of secret influence , which might be exerted in parliament , either for the crown or against it ? This bill teemed with influence : under it , three commissioners were appointed to take care of his Majesty 's property ; these gentlemen were to take an oath of secresy , so that the parliament could know nothing of their proceedings : to the Queen , who was their mistress , to the Prince , who was not their master , they were bound to explain all their acts ; but they must conceal every thing from the Commons ' House of Parliament , who ought to be acquainted with every farthing expended . He conceived it right , in an argument of this kind , to put extreme cases ; and he would ask , as had been done by an hon . baronet ( sir F. Burdett ) , whom he did not then see in his place , suppose this money was laid out in the purchase of Cornish boroughs , suppose it was expended in procuring seats in that House , for the benefit of the real and personal estate of the King , though , in a narrow view , he might benefit by it , still , being destructive of the constitution , must it not ultimately be destructive of the monarch ? When the two courts were constituted , a factious opposition from the Queen 's court might be experienced by the ministers of the Regent , who were the proper ministers of the crown.—There was another point on which he would shortly touch . It appeared on the face of the bill , that the Prince Regent was willing to give up 50,000l . per annum out of his private Exchequer annuity . For his part , the moment the Prince assumed the reins of government , he thought that the Exchequer income should be merged altogether in the Civil List , that it should be completely put an end to ; and , if a necessity existed for more , a new fund should be created . What he here complained of was , that no proof was laid before the House , to shew that the Prince had really given up this sum , although that principle was acted upon . 353 They had received no message on the subject ; and , when the Journals came to be made up , he was sure nothing would appear to support the supposition , that the Prince had given up this property . On all these points he had wished for explanation , but he had received none . He had not had the good fortune to hear the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's statement . It had , however , been detailed to him by others ; but , had he even heard it , he was convinced he should have discovered sufficient objectionable matter in it ,