progress they have advanced it . Had I been asked twelve months ago , what measures I would advise as a friend to Catholic emancipation , I would have said , take those steps which will rouse the Catholics from their inactive habits , which will dispel their absurd divisions , which will make them fully sensible of their own case , which will lead them to be loud and incessant in their applications to the legislature ; and , if possible , some measure which will bring over their Protestant fellow-countrymen to their side . All this has the government done in a manner the most complete . Activity , union , and a determination to persevere in petitioning , prevail every where ; and as to the Protestants , their sentiments have been so unequivocally expressed in favour of the Catholics , that I may say , if the concession depended upon them , that almost four-fifths of that body would be ready to grant them ; a fact of no small importance , because they are the very persons who best know the Catholics , and who are most interested hi their question . But , Sir , the recent measures of government have not only brought over the Protestants of Ireland , they have also produced a very general alteration in the sentiments of the people of England : so much so , as to have removed nearly all the 635 the difficulty on that head which existed in the way of emancipation . When , Sir , I compare the reason which the government have adverted to in justification of their conduct , with the actual circumstances of the case , and see how exaggerated and unfounded their statements are , I can not avoid attributing to them objects different to those which they profess to have had in view . I do believe that they were desirous of preventing the Catholics from petitioning with effect . If the Catholics had adopted the plan of a petition from a Dublin meeting , which would have been a petition of no sort of efficacy , to this the government would not have objected : if they had adopted the plan of county petitions , which would also have been without efficacy , to this the government would not have objected . But when they did adopt the only plan by which the common prayer of the whole body could be laid before the Prince Regent and parliament , then the government , let the consequences be ever so dangerous to the state , began their attack , and left no effort untried to impede the success of the Catholics . Nor can I avoid suspecting that a design still more culpable was at the bottom of all their measures . For let it be understood , that every thing that has passed since July has been with the sanction of the English cabinet ; that the prime minister is most immediately responsible . When therefore , we consider under what circumstances the Catholics stand in respect to his royal highness the Prince Regent , and under what circumstances the ministers stand with respect to both , may it not be conjectured that he would have lent his aid to efface from the mind of his Royal Highness those impressions which have always been thought to be favourable to the Catholics ? When , Sir , we recollect that we are now in that state , which leaves us no other security for our political existence but our internal resources ; when we see ourselves on the eve of a war with America , the policy does appear to be so obvious of accepting the enthusiastic co-operation of this great and generous people ; and the opposite policy so insane , of rejecting their offers , and flying to a system of unusual violence against them , that I shall most cordially support the motion for going into a Committee to inquire into the State of Ireland . said , that as he had already had various opportunities of ex- 636 pressing his opinion on the general