not entered into . took the opportunity of correcting a statement that had gone abroad respecting the mode of payment to the Nottingham manufacturers by their employers . It had been stated that he had said one of the causes of the disturbances arose from the masters paying their men not in money , but in goods . That practice was adopted not by the great body of the masters , but by the lower classes . In the statement going forth as it had done , unexplained , reflections were thrown upon the opulent part of the manufacturers , which he never intended . said , that since the Bill had been last before the House he had received several communications , which had made it advisable to extend the provisions of the Bill to the whole kingdom . The Bill had been , in consequence , new modelled in many parts , and in that state was submitted for discussion to the committee . observed , that in the course of the debate last night , the case of captain Tomlinson had been alluded to , and at that time he was not prepared with the necessary information to exculpate this meritorious officer . It was stated , that he had not been honourably acquitted of the charge made against him ; but by papers , for which he should take the liberty of now moving , the contrary would evidently appear to be the fact . He submitted the subject to the House in the first instance , thinking that not a moment should be lost , in removing an undeserved stigma from the character of captain Tomlinson . He therefore moved , `` That there be laid before the House a Copy of a Letter from the Solicitor of the Navy , reporting the result of the trial of Benjamin Tanner and Nicholas Tomlinson , at the Old Bailey , on the 21st of July 1810 . '' wished , that his hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Brougham ) who had made the statement complained of , had been present , that if it were necessary he might explain any thing objectionable in what he had urged , for he was sure there was no man to whom it would give greater pain to do injustice to the character of a gallant officer . would have waited until he should have seen the hon . and learned gentleman in his place , but the fact was , that the production of this document would rather strengthen than weaken the side of the argument which that hon . and learned gentleman had espoused . , in pursuance of his notice , rose to move for the re-appointment of the committee of last year upon this subject . He explained , that his object was , that the Suitors in Chancery , as well as in the Appellant jurisdiction , should receive justice with as much facility as in any of our other courts . The inquiry would be first directed to ascertain what progress had been made since the last year ; and secondly , to discover the causes of the great delay so universally complained of . He concluded by moving `` That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the causes that retard the decision of Suits in the high court of Chancery ; '' which was agreed to by the House . He proposed that it should consist of the following members : Mr. Taylor , the Attorney-General , Mr. Ponsonby , Mr. Whitbread , Mr. Wilberforce , Mr. Lockhart , Mr. Simeon , Sir S. Romilly , Mr. Burton , the Solicitor General , Mr. Wilson , Mr. Ed ward Morris , Mr. Giles , Mr. Horner , Mr. Abercromby , Mr. Brougham , and Sir J. Nichol rose and objected to his being upon it . He said he thought that neither that gentleman nor Mr. Morris ought to be members of the committee . To them personally no objections could possibly be made ; but the circumstance of their being Masters in Chancery made it , in his opinion