esq. , and John Guille-mard , esq . should be , and they were thereby , constituted and appointed commissioners for the purposes aforesaid ; and that the adjudication of such commissioners , or any two of them , as to all claims made for compensation out of such money , and also as to the apportionment and distribution thereof as aforesaid , should be final and conclusive ; '' the time of presenting claims being limited to the 1st of June 1804 ; and that claims having been preferred under this act to the amount , including interest to the 1st of June 1804 , of 5,408,766l . Os . 6l . sterling , and adjudications or decisions having from time to time been made either for or against claimants , the conclusion of the whole , so far as regarded the determination on the merits of the claims , was , that claims were established to the full satisfaction of the commissioners , and finally adjudged good and allowed by them , to the amount of 1,420,000l . which was announced in a general order of the commissioners , dated the 20th of May 1811 , stating that 1,420,000l . of the claims preferred to them under the act , had been adjudged by them to be good , in proportion to which sum they were ready to divide what remained , ( after deducting the payments already made of 659,493l . being the amount with interest of the divisible fund ) ; and that the petitioners , without referring to the great expence , loss and inconvenience which they have , during the course of so many years , sustained , humbly submit to the House that they are entitled , according to the several adjudications in their favour , to receive respectively from parliament , to the amount of the difference between the above sum of 1,420,000l . the amount of their adjudged claims , and the said sum of 659,493l . which the said commissioners have so distributed , together with interest upon the amount of their several adjudications from the said 1st of June 1804 , being the time to which the claims before the commissioners were made up ; and praying the House will be pleased to take their case into its serious consideration , and grant them such relief as to the justice and wisdom of the House shall appear equitable and proper '' brought up the Report of the Distillery said , that he regretted not having at an earlier period called the attention of the House to this subject : he did not mean now to discuss the question at large , of the policy of suspending the distillation from grain , as he supposed that those officers whose duty it was to advise the crown , were better informed than he could possibly be respecting the necessity or expediency of such a measure . He entreated the House to weigh well the nature of a measure which went to prohibit the intercourse between the two islands forming the United Kingdoms ; and he referred to the 6th article of the act of Union , by which it was declared that no bounty or prohibition should exist between the two kingdoms . If , however , it was necessary that this article should be altered , it should at least be done with all the mature deliberation of legislative interference ; but he thought the principle one replete with danger to the interests of Ireland , because it was capable of being extended beyond the present occasion , and therefore it should be the more cautiously adopted . If , for example , ( and he was aware that what he was about to state was an extreme case ) , it should be judged expedient to suppress for a time the linen manufactory in Great Britain , then , proceeding upon a principle similar to the one now about to be adopted , all importation of linen from Ireland would be prohibited . He lamented that the general interests of Ireland were so neglected in that House ; it