did not exist in full force at the present moment . What was that obstacle , but the feelings of the people of Great Britain ? Would noble lords pretend to say that this obstacle was now removed—that it had ceased to exist ? If they thought so , they miserably deceived themselves . The right hon . gentleman to whom he before alluded ( Mr. Pitt ) , who felt as strongly in support of the Catholic Claims as any man could do , had declared the Veto to be one of the securities which , in the event of these claims being conceded to them , it was his intention to take in return . The House , however , was now called on to go into a Committee on this measure , one of the most important the House ever had under its consideration , without being told whether 427 this obstacle did or did not exist at the present moment . It was stated on a former occasion , that if this Veto was not conceded by the Roman Catholic Clergy , the motion for an inquiry could not be entertained . They were now called on , however , to go into a Committee , without being informed whether that condition was or was not now to be insisted on ; or if the Catholics were more prepared to give way in this point , and to make the concession required . He was not one of those who were of opinion that this Veto would have the effect of separating the Hierarch of the Catholic Religion from the Roman Catholic Clergy of Ireland . It only went to give to his Majesty a sort of co-ordinate authority in the appointment of the Irish Catholic clergy , along with the , person who was the head of the Roman Catholic religion , with the view of so far protecting the Protestants . This Veto , even if conceded , did not appear to his lordship to do more than simply to meet part of the objection , by no means to remove what he esteemed the insuperable objection ; There was not , he contended , a single , particular , in respect to personal property , or otherwise , in which a Roman Catholic was not equally protected with a Protestant . In expressing his opinion as to the Roman Catholics , his lordship was far from being actuated by any desire to derogate from their loyalty to the king , or regard to the constitution . If he believed they were deficient in either of these respects he would boldly state his opinion . He was satisfied , however , that there were tenets in their religion vitally inconsistent with the constitution of these kingdoms.—The question which the House was now called on to decide , was simply this : after the inquiry now demanded had been five several times refused , ought the House , at the present moment , without any petition from the Catholics , voluntarily to take that step which they had refused at the time , when the Roman Catholics of Ireland came before them in the language of petition ? He agreed with those persons , who said , that if parliament did grant the Catholic claims , they ought to do so because they were convinced that it was a measure of policy and of justice , not one which they conceded from fear . He opposed the present motion , because he did not think it wise or politic in the House , to endanger the civil and ecclesiastical rights of the Protestant inhabitants of this country , by conceding to the Roman Catholics 428 tholics of Ireland privileges which were inconsistent with the rights of which the Protestants were now in possession , and to which the Roman Catholics had no just claim . He asked , was not this a religious question ? Was not the House called on to protect the true religion , established by law in this country ? And must they not greatly detract from that estimation in which