Britain , than any thing which regarded our external relations with Spain or the United States ; and sorry was he , that , on this subject of primary and vital importance , the Speech had confined itself to a paltry mention of the state of its revenue . It was , to be sure , satisfactory to hear that the finances of Ireland were in an improving state ; but was it not infinitely more important to enquire into the state of the people from whom that revenue was drawn ? If it was right to cultivate the financial resources of Ireland , was it not of far greater consequence to attempt to secure the affections of its people ? to endeavour to strengthen the British empire by establishing harmony in all its parts ? He confessed , that the present time was most unfit for entering into the discussion of the question of Ireland ; and particularly so , as he understood that the right hon . gentleman , the secretary for Ireland ( Mr. W. Pole ) , could net attend in his place on account of illness . He would not wish to press the business of Ireland to a premature discussion , in the absence of that right hon . gentleman ; but it was his firm conviction , that a solemn and speedy inquiry into the state of that country was absolutely necessary . When he stated generally the necessity of inquiring into the state of Ireland , he begged not to be understood as even hinting that any other measure short of that great one called Emancipation could effectually save that country . It was that , and that alone , which could compose her discontents , and lay the foundation of her prosperity , as well as render the empire in general what it was capable of being . Under this conviction , he thought that no time ought to be lost in bringing the affairs of Ireland before the House ; and , indeed , he knew that no time would be lost , as an hon . friend of his was determined to give notice of a motion for that purpose on a very near day . said , he had hoped that the mode pursued by an hon . gent , in stating his reasons for not agreeing with the Amendment , would have been generally adopted , and all discussion thereby prevented . But as something had fallen from the right hon . gent . who had last addressed them , which might probably give rise to some observation , he thought it necessary just to say a few words on those subjects which he had touched upon . If , however , the debate should extend to any length , and he had no means of judging that it would not , he hoped the privilege would be granted him of remarking on any subjects which might be started . As to the first point on which the right hon . gent , had observed , he felt it proper to state , that , by the terms of the Amendment , the House would be pledged to nothing more than an opinion , that , under the circumstances of his Majesty 's present indisposition , it was right that an arrangement for his convenience and comfort should be made . But , as to the extent and mode of that arrangement , it must be the subject of future consideration , when the proposition was regularly made . The same observation would apply to the second point . In voting for the Amendment , couched in its present language , nothing else could be supposed , than that the House would give such supplies to carry on the great contest in Spain and Portugal , as they should think fit , when the subject was brought fully before them . In what manner that contest was to be maintained and supported , to what extent supplies should be granted , and in what direction they should be particularly applied , were questions which would be open