was the undisputed domain of Britain ; and that ships , colonies , and commerce , those favourite objects of the ruler of France , were at the mercy of this country . The system had been successfully carried into execution in the West Indies , and there the object was not to make new acquisitions , or even to retain conquests as valuable possessions ; for the expence of keeping them would far out-balance any direct commercial advantage ; but to drive France from those seas , and to give additional security to our old colonies . That policy so successful in the Western hemisphere , was applicable to every part of the world , and more especially to the East ; for it was notorious , that with the settlements France possessed in those seas , and especially with the islands of Mauritius and Bourbon , a comparatively small force of the enemy might annoy , to an immense extent , the shipping of the East India Company , and the general interests of Indian traders . It was , therefore , thought adviseable to apply that system to the East , but it was not till December , 1808 , that government came to that resolution ; and instructions were accordingly sent to the governor-general to see whether the islands of Mauritius and Bourbon could not be reduced by blockade ; and the island of Rodriquez was occupied in consequence of these instructions.—Here the noble earl gave a brief account of the operations which had taken place in consequence . But it was not till the month of June , 1810 , that instructions were sent to the governor-general of India , to see if those islands could not be reduced by main force . The noble lord should add , in order to set the merit of the governor-general of India in its proper view , that the moment he saw what were the intentions of government , he felt all the importance of the object they had in contemplation ; and finding himself no longer restricted by his first instructions , to a system of blockade , he , according to his own views and conceptions , and on his own responsibility , took the necessary measures for the reduction of both islands . Measures had , in the mean time , been preparing at home for the same object ; but the governor-general anticipated them , and the merit of these captures at that time was solely due to him . In January 1809 , the governor-general had contemplated the reduction of Java as the chief seat , not of the Dutch , 128 but of the French power in India . He had called the attention of the East India Company to that subject , and government had come to the same determination , which they delayed only till they should have been apprised of the fall of Mauritius and of Bourbon , as the danger was more immediate from those settlements . The governor-general was , in consequence , authorised to take the necessary steps for the reduction of Java , as soon as the conquest of these islands should have been achieved ; but the merit of the plan was solely to be attributed to him . The season of the year was to be consulted in all maritime expeditions , but more especially in those seas . Doubts were entertained as to the expedition being able to proceed with safety at that time of the year . But lord Minto , not relying on ordinary information , and knowing the importance of speedy measures , used his own discretion , sought among able seamen for the result of their experience , and on his own responsibility discovered a course of navigation hitherto unknown . Under these circumstances , and considering the extensive views , the consummate wisdom , and the manly decision so eminent in lord Minto 's conduct , the noble earl thought him justly entitled to the thanks of the House . It was held as a general doctrine , that the thanks of the House ought to