considerable jealousy , because it was not confined to those regiments on foreign stations , seeing that foreigners were enlisted into battalions in the Home Establishment . Two acts had been passed , authorising the enlistment of this description of soldiers in the course of the present reign , but these acts were to be viewed in the light of acts of indemnity to the government for having violated the constitution . What , however , he particularly wished to call the attention of the House to , and to require explanation from the noble lord was , with respect to the enlistment of these foreign troops into British battalions . He understood that the fact was so ; at least it had been so stated to him . If it was not true , the noble lord would inform the House . It had also been told him , that our officers had been allowed to recruit their regiments from among the French prisoners . He particularly alluded to the 10th Light Dragoons , into which regiment he was informed upwards of one hundred men had been enlisted . If what he now stated was true , the orders must have been given by the commanding officer , or from the War Office . It might be said , that the two acts to which he had alluded would sanction the practice , but he should deny that any , act of parliament could justify such a measure , or could authorise the enlistment of foreigners , except into foreign corps . There was another circumstance which demanded notice , and that was permitting foreigners to bold commissions in British regiments . Such permission was contrary to the act , and was an evil daily increasing . He understood there was a foreign general commanding a district in this country . The noble lord , he trusted , would explain these matters to the satisfaction of the House . said he was disposed to answer the noble lord , and he hoped satisfactorily . With respect to the question about the enlistment into the 10th regiment of Light Dragoons , it certainly had been determined to allow a certain number of prisoners to enter into that regi- 909 ment , but those were not Frenchmen , but Germans . To such a determination there could not be any objection oh any principle , because it was well known that the French army was daily recruiting its strength by the enlistment of Germans , and the people of that country would rather serve Great Britain than France . As to the circumstance of foreign officers bearing commissions in our army , there was a specific act of parliament authorising his Majesty to avail himself of the services of foreign officers . The 97th regiment was originally composed of foreigners ; now , however , it was principally composed of natives of Ireland , consequently of British subjects . The noble lord had stated that a foreign general was employed on one of the home districts . He wished the noble lord could name the person he alluded to . [ Lord Folkestone said , general Linsingen . ] If general Linsingen was the officer , he was appointed to command a depot composed of troops of his own country . observed , that the answer of the noble lord had not convinced him that the permission was justified . On the contrary , it had been given contrary to the Act of Settlement , and to all the acts of parliament passed on the subject , since that period . confessed he thought some inquiry necessary , because this was a favourite topic for popular purposes , and one which those who had popular objects in view , found it very convenient to use . He could not , however , but think the conduct of the noble lord and others very extraordinary , in representing every thing that might be construed into a grievance in its worst colours ; as if no consideration was to be bad of the peculiar difficulties in the situation of the country . Were