horn , pipe , tube , or other apparatus there with connected , under whatever name or denomination the same may be called or known , as high as the steam can ascend , and until the top of the head shall turn downwards , and form an angle of 45 degrees , which shall be used or employed for the purpose of making or distilling low wines or spirits from sugar , in the lowlands of Scotland , for consumption in Scotland , an excise duty of 162l . 8 . `` That during such suspension , there be charged for every gallon , English wine measure , of wort or wash , brewed or made from sugar , for extracting spirits , in the highlands of Scotland , for consumption in the said highlands , an excise duty of 7d . 9 . `` That during such suspension , there be charged for every gallon , English wine 149 measure , of spirits , of the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof , and so in proportion for any higher or lower degree of strength , which shall be made or distilled in the highlands of Scotland , for consumption in the said highlands , not exceeding the number of gallons of spirits limited , and restricted to be distilled , by or from each still , to be paid over and above the duty on the license or content of the still , and the duty on the wort or wash from which such spirit may be made or distilled , an excise duty of 5d . 10 . `` That during such a suspension , there be charged for every gallon , English wine measure , of the cubical content or capacity of each and every still , including the head and every part thereof , and of any horn , pipe , tube , or other apparatus therewith connected , under whatever name or denomination the same may be called , or known , as high as the steam can ascend , and until the top of the head shall turn downwards , and form an angle of 45 degrees , which shall be used or employed for the purpose of making or distilling low wines , or spirits in the highlands of Scotland , for consumption in the said highlands , an excise duty of 5l . 11 . `` That during such suspension , there be charged for every gallon , English wine measure , of spirits of a strength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof , and so in proportion for any higher degree of strength , made or distilled from corn or grain in England , and imported or brought from thence into Scotland , an excise duty of 8s . 3d . 12 . `` That during such suspension , there be charged for every gallon , English wine measure , of spirits which shall be found in the stock , custody , or possession , of any distiller of spirits in Scotland , for exportation to England , of a strength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof , mad '' or distilled from corn or grain in Scotland , and imported or brought from thence into England , an excise duty of 9s . 5½d . 13 . `` That during such suspension , there be charged for every gallon , English wine measure , of all such spirits as last aforesaid , of a greater strength than that of one to ten over hydrometer proof , and not exceeding three per centum over and above the strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof , an excise duty of 9s . 5½d . and also a further excise duty proportioned to the degree of strength in which such spirits shall exceed the said strength of one to ten over hydrometer proof . 150 14 . `` That during such suspension , there be charged for every gallon , English wine measure , of spirits , of the strength not exceeding that of one to ten over hydrometer proof