, that the punishment of transportation was inadequate to prevent the offence ; and in fact the only desideratum which the House had to attain , was the best means of discovering the persons engaged in these mischievous practices . To this the attention of parliament ought to be turned , and not to the addition of new capital punishments to the already too numerous list in our statute books . Adverting to the statement made by the right hon . Secretary on Friday last , that many of these frames were let out to workmen at so much per week , and that these workmen , in many instances , either connived at or co-operated with the framebreakers , he proposed that some measure should be adopted for making the tenant responsible in law for the value of the frame , which would necessarily give him an interest in its preservation . Why was not some method of this sort resorted to , which would destroy the joint interest which the tenant too often had at present with the frame-breakers ? He should have thought , also , that a Bill amercing the county of Nottingham in the value of the pecuniary damages sustained by individuals , would have had a good effect in repressing disorders , by producing a more general interest in their prevention . Upon the whole , he should oppose this Bill , as thinking that our long list of capital offences was already sufficiently disgraceful , and that many of the late atrocious crimes by which the country had been disgraced and alarmed , had originated in the frequency of such horrid spectacles . wished to observe , that though the destruction of stocking frames was punishable with transportation , yet there was no such law at present to protect the lace-frames employed in one of the most elegant manufactures of this country . That defect , therefore , ought to be immediately supplied . It was his firm opinion that some measure ought forthwith to be resorted to : the state of the county , to his certain knowledge imperiously required it ; and he must support the present Bill till he heard of some preferable measure . He believed that the great cause of all the excesses was the decay of trade ; and he hoped , that in due time , that subject would be enquired into . But this was not the precise moment for 830 such enquiry : the disturbance Which at present existed must first be completely put down . was convinced that the anxiety not to increase the number of capital punishments , was not confined to the hon . gentleman opposite , but that it was generally prevalent in the House . This was a case , however , in which he thought that the enactment of capital punishment would have a beneficial effect , and would particularly operate to deter offenders , through the medium of the impression which the fear of it would make on the minds of their wives and families . The offences in question were , indeed , of the most serious nature , and approached most nearly to constructive levying of war , that was , to high treason . Lord Hale mentioned a case of breaking looms in London , which five out of the twelve judges declared to be actually constructive levying of war , or high treason . All lawyers must be acquainted with the case of Damaree and Purchase , in the reign of Anne , executed for entering into an association to destroy all Presbyterian meeting houses ; the judges holding that the offence was constructive levying of war , or high treason . He should support the Bill ; but he conceived that the offender ought to have some guards similar to those possessed by any one accused of high treason ; and , therefore , when in the committee , he should propose the introduction of a clause giving the prisoner the benefit of one counsel . supported the motion . The situation of Nottingham he conceived to be somewhat like that of