distresses of the manufactures , and into the circumstances of the commerce of the country . It was not unusual either to bring such questions again before the House . Even the Orders in Council had in the first instance undergone a fuller discussion than any measure of trade had previously had in parliament . If eighteen months after they had been originally adopted they required revision and alteration , the period that had since elapsed might have produced changes which would render a further modification necessary . With respect to the discontents which were known to exist , he would ask , would it be nothing to pronounce by a vote of a committee rather than by speeches in that House , that they were not attributable to the Orders in Council , which would continue to be beneficial if acted up to according to their first principles ? Would it be nothing , if licences had not led to the distresses felt , to have that point supported by the report of a committee , and sanctioned by the concurrent opinion of that House ? Would it be nothing to submit all these points to the test of opinion , and to have the whole matter ascertained by examination and confirmed by experience ? The consideration , however , which had principally called him up was , the statement of the right hon . gentleman , the Vice-President of the Board of Trade , that the Orders in Council were not retaliatory upon the 1146 enemy , but measures of commercial rivalry with America— ( Cry of No , no ! ) . So he had understood the right hon . gentleman , and , if that were the case , it would be necessary to bring back the Orders in Council to the original principles upon which they had been originally established . The differences were these , we contended that Buonaparté 's nominal , ineffectual , and inefficient blockade gave us the right to blockade all his dominions , we accordingly put France in a state of constructive blockade ; but when we did so , we did not contend , that when we substituted constructive for actual blockade , there should belong any privilege to the constructive blockade which was not fairly comprehended within the ordinary privileges of actual blockade . If , for instance , we had a port of war , in an actual state of blockade , we should have a right to stop all neutrals from conveying their goods into that port ; and why ? Because peace being generally the interest of all nations , belligerents had a right to make the pressure Tall as heavily as they could upon the enemy , for the purpose of forcing him into terms ; and thus , the neutral 's temporary inconvenience was made a party in working his permanent benefit by expediting a general peace . Here then , under the actual blockade , you take nothing from the enemy , and you do not suffer the neutral to convey him any thing . Apply this to the constructive blockade . The Berlin decree gave us a right of blockade . France and all her vassal ports were under constructive blockade ; but while the belligerent under that constructive blockade kept out all neutrals , surely he could have no right to trade with the enemy himself . ( Hear , hear ! ) Vattell had laid it down , that in such case the belligerent could not so relieve himself and the enemy , at the expence of the neutral . The Orders , of April , 1809 , were so far from impeding the right of the neutral to the profit of the enemy , that they mitigated the restraints upon the neutral to the injury of the enemy ; that was , they restricted the extent of the blockade , while they aggravated its strictness . He contended , therefore , that , under this Order , the neutral had a right to complain , if under such Order she had been debarred from that trade which the