looking at the question as one of great political magnitude—not as a question of abstract morals . He was compelled , with reluctance , to signify his disapprobation of the principles on which the government was acting on this most important subject , by voting for the motion . On the war of the peninsula , his opinions remained unchanged . He feared , however , that administration , in losing the noble marquis ( Wellesley ) had lost the stimulus of those successes which had graced the two last years ; nevertheless he would still hope , that some of the noble lord 's spirit might linger on his successor , and that such an impetus had already been given , that more would be achieved in future.—There were many other points on 1039 which he should conceive it to be his duty to support the existing administration . The propriety of the Orders in Council , for instance , he completely concurred in , although perhaps some enquiry was necessary into the alleged abuses in the licence trade . On the subject of the currency , he thought that the course adopted by the House last year ( whether wisely or not was not the question ) was conclusive . The general system of our foreign relations he highly approved , and he declared that should any other set of men be placed at the helm of government , who might think it expedient to abandon that system of warfare in the peninsula by which the country had been raised to its present glorious height of character , he would give them his determined opposition . could not suffer the House to separate , without noticing a most extraordinary expression which had fallen from his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer . In alluding to lords Grey and Grenville , he had stated , that they bad done nothing on the Catholic question during their administration , further than `` inserting a little something in the Mutiny Bill . '' Now he ( sir Samuel ) recollected , that at the time of the introduction , this `` little something '' was represented by his right hon . friend as a matter of such tremendous importance , that he noticed it in his public address to his constituents , and added that the King would make a stand for the constitution , and that he would rally round his sovereign on that occasion . This was so important a fact , that he could not avoid noticing it now , for his right hon . friend , to serve his own purpose then , took occasion to make that public statement , which his followers reechoed , and which had nearly raised a war of religion in the country . ( Hear , hear ! ) was desirous of setting right one of the most extraordinary misrepresentations which he had ever heard , the more extraordinary , as coming from a person so capable of understanding every thing that could pass . He had certainly made use of the precise words imputed to him ; but had he stopped there ? Had he not said that the `` little something '' was introduced upon such arguments and principles , that , to any persons possessing any thing like wisdom or the qualities of statesmen , must evidently appear to encourage hopes beyond that 1040 proposition , and that it was the first step which might lead to the most dangerous consequences ? The noise in the House might have prevented his hon . and learned friend from hearing distinctly , for he was sure that his hon . and learned friend could not have intended knowingly to have misrepresented him . said he rose in pursuance of his notice to call the attention of their lordships to the Orders in Council , and to the system of policy which had resulted from those Orders so injurious to the manufacturing and commercial interests of the country , and to the welfare of the state . Had his only motives been to contradict statements made by noble