, would hesitate to hail with joy the opportunity afforded him of sharing in that general sentiment of applause and gratitude which pervaded the whole community . The hon . baronet grudged the noble and gallant earl the paltry sum of 2,000l . per annum . Far different was the conduct of the countries who had the most immediate means of ascertaining his merits . In addition to the title of Conde de Vimiera granted him in Portugal , was a revenue of 5,000l . a year . As captain-general of Spain , lord Wellington had a salary offered to him of 5,000I . a year ; and as marshal of Portugal , 7,000l . a year . These sums , amounting to 17,000l . a year , were granted for services by the foreign countries in which those services had been performed . It was proposed to give him 2,000l . a year , in his own country , and the hon . baronet lifted up his hands and eyes at such a gross violation of public economy ! These rewards , however , offered by foreign gratitude , were declined by the distinguished person on whom they were bestowed . `` No , '' said that truly noble lord , `` in the present situation of Spain and Portugal I will not receive these rewards . I have only done my duty to my country ; and to my country alone I will look for recompense . '' ( Hear , hear ! ) The hon . baronet , it seemed , knew the interests of Spain and Portugal better than those countries did themselves . The hon . baronet contended that the one had purchased her salvation , and the other her hopes , at too dear a rate : he was apprehensive 880 that our allies were running riot with joy , and was solicitous to correct their exuberant feeling , and to shew them that they had not the just grounds for exultation of which they fondly imagined themselves to be possessed , by endeavouring to persuade the economical parliament of Great Britain—the legislators of this mighty empire—that the services of lord Wellington were not worth 2,000l . a year ! The hon . baronet had taken an opportunity , not perfectly in order , of going into the policy of the war in the peninsula . With this lord Wellington had nothing to do . The crown and the parliament had sanctioned the system ; and it was only for him to execute their orders in the most skilful and advantageous manner . From the vote of this night no fair inference could be drawn either in approval or disapproval of the war : the two subjects were entirely separate and unconnected . But , guarding himself from being supposed to ground the vote which he should give on that consideration , he might , perhaps , be permitted to say , that the last achievement of the noble and gallant earl , whatever might be its military merit , would have a moral effect , which , at the present critical moment , must operate most powerfully throughout the peninsula , by preventing those dazzling consequences which the glories of a rival general might otherwise occasion . It was an event happy and auspicious , and he was persuaded that it would be difficult to find its parallel in military history , out-running as it did , not more the sober expectations of those who were friends to its successful termination , than the fears of a provident enemy . With respect to the cause of Spain , of that cause he did by no means despair . On the contrary , he thought there were some recent circumstances , and more particularly the renovation and reinvigoration of the Spanish government , which held out a brighter hope than any which could hitherto have been cherished , which called upon the British government not to contract , but to extend their operations , and which not merely justified them for the exertions which they had hitherto made , but reflected on their efforts