was made . At that time there prevailed a general expectation of his Majesty being likely soon to resume his functions , and , Therefore , his Royal Highness did not Then think it necessary to call for any additional sum to meet the expences of a regency , which it was hoped would not have lasted more than a few months . For this resolution he was deservedly entitled to all the credit which he had received from the country : but when his Majesty 's illness had , contrary to all expectation , continued for nearly a year since the period of that communication , his Royal Highness was necessarily obliged to incur great additional expences . The vote therefore which was now proposed , was founded on a state of things which was totally different from that which existed when the communication was made . As to the manner in which the object was to be effected , he thought that it would be much more delicate for parliament to take up the subject themselves , than to require of his Royal Highness to send down a formal message upon it . He thought that it was sufficient foundation to proceed upon , when the necessity of such a vote was stated to the House by those who were the best acquainted with the facts . It must be obvious to every one , that a considerable additional expence must necessarily have been contracted by his Royal Highness , in consequence of assuming the Regency . maintained that the Prince Regent might very well last year claim no expence whatever , from the natural expectation that the Regency would soon be at an end ; but the House would recollect , that there was a great difference between the situation of his Royal Highness then , and his situation now . Were the situation the same now as it was then , he was confident that his conduct would also be the same ; but there were various circumstances which distinguished the one period from the other . It was certainly the most ungracious mode of proceeding possible , to allow his Royal High ? ness to seek that , which , though he might very naturally expect , he would also as naturally feel a reluctance to ask ; and if the practice of parliament did not stand in the way of a contrary proceeding , he should certainly think it by much , the most becoming and suitable . But he contended that the practice of parliament 231 required no such thing as a message . His Royal Highness had now discharged the duties of the Regency for nearly a year , and every person must be supposed to know that during that period his expences must have been considerably greater than what they would have been for his own occasions merely . The first grant , therefore , applied to the expences incurred during that long period . With respect to the second grant , any person might know that though the expenditure would be very large , yet it was impossible to frame any particular estimate of it '' Sure he was , however , that it was not too large . On that ground he should conceive that the motion as it was worded ought to pass . But there was another ground for voting this sum , and that was , that had his Royal Highness succeeded to the throne as a sovereign succeeded to it on the demise of his predecessor , he would also have succeeded to the revenues and the rights belonging to the crown . He would have had it in his power to bring under consideration what was arranged at the beginning of the present reign . But now the case was very different indeed . He had not succeeded in consequence of a demise , but was called to supply the place of his royal father , in the unfortunate and distressing situation to which he was reduced . Under these circumstances therefore , he thought it the duty of parliament , to his Royal