oaths of the captain and crew when they arrive at their destined port . They are obliged to swear in words , as awful as it is possible to conceive , that all these documents and letters are genuine . Every sort of interrogatory is put to the captain and the whole crew , which is calculated to discover what is the real port from which the vessel sailed , and to the truth of the answers to all these interrogatories the captain and the whole crew are obliged to swear . They are obliged to declare from what quarter the wind blew when they left Rotterdam ( although they were never near the place , ) when they took a pilot on board , and a number of other particulars , which they are obliged to asseverate on the most solemn oath , which it is possible to conceive ; knowing at the same time that they sailed from London and not from Rotterdam , that they took no pilot on board , and that their other statements are utterly false . So that , under this system , the whole crew and captain are under the necessity of perjuring themselves , if they wish to act up to their instructions . In confirmation of these statements , I will read to the House a letter of a most curious description which has been put into my hands , written to an American merchant , of the highest respectability , the contents of which would be extremely ludicrous , if the contemplation of them were not accompanied by a feeling of disgust at the moral depravity it displays . It is written by a professional man , not that he is either a lawyer , a physician , or a 1113 divine , for he would be a disgrace to any of these honourable occupations ; but he is a man who has made the forgery of ship 's papers a regular and organized profession . I shall omit the names of any of the parties , because I should be sorry to injure individuals , whose only connection with the writer has been , that he has dared to send them this most atrocious circular . It is as follows : — expressed the sincere pleasure he felt that this important subject was about to undergo a full and impartial discussion , because he was persuaded that the more it was examined the more apparent would be the benefits resulting from the system which now received the sanction of government . However deficient he might be in eloquence , the facts he should adduce would be amply sufficient to subvert the fabric which it had cost the hon . and learned gentleman so much pains to raise . He was not disposed to deny that the condition of the manufacturers in various parts of the country was much to be commiserated , but their discontent did not arise so much from a want of work as from a diminution of wages . In Birmingham , particularly , a greater degree of calamity was felt than in any other town in the empire ; because the trade of that place depended , almost more than any other , on the connection with America . But , when the hon . and learned gentleman proceeded to contend that these distresses were general , and being general , were produced by the Orders in Council , he wished to enquire , whence the hon . and learned gentleman had derived the information on which he founded his statement ? In fact , the papers on the table , so far from supporting , directly contradicted the assertions of the hon . and learned gentleman . And here he felt it proper to observe , that the hon . and learned gentleman appeared very much disposed to object to the accuracy of Mr. Irving 's figures , when they were unfavourable to his argument ; but he was quite ready to deduce inferences from them , when he considered them as at all leaning to his side . He ( Mr. Rose