the people pronounced the late ministers enemies to the king and the Protestant religion , he would appeal from the Addresses to the result of the General Election—a result so highly favourable to the late administration , notwithstanding the beastly cry of `` No Popery , '' which had been raised against them . To the present administration he had avowed himself to be an enemy—of course , he meant a political enemy only ; and yet he would oppose none of their measures which appeared calculated to serve the country . If he was an enemy to an administration engendered in court intrigue ; if he was an enemy to an administration composed of men disagreeing with one another ; if he was an enemy wan administration which did not possess the confidence of the country ; if he was an enemy to an administration , of the first man of whom be would say nothing—it was because he was convinced that such an administration was pregnant with the greatest dangers to the king and the constitution.—The noble lord concluded by moving an amendment similar to that moved in the House of Lords by earl Fortescue , see p. 582. in reply , observed , that , whatever might have beeen the manner in which his majesty 's ministers had conic into power , the speech of the noble lord had shewn that it would not meet with his approbation , though he had declared that , in consequence of the state of public affairs , he should give his support to any measures that might be brought forward for the national interest From the manner in which the noble lord had concluded his speech , however , he did not think that he took the proper course to carry that declaration into effect . As the 628 noble lord had introduced a variety of topics into his speech , he should endeavour to follow him through all upon which he had touched , in the best manner he could ; and here he could not but observe , that the great object of the noble lord , the sole point to which he seemed to wish to call the attention of the house was , the dissolution of the last parliament . That , with the exception of a few topics introduced towards the conclusion of his speech , of which he should take notice before he sat down , constituted the gravamen of his accusation . The noble lord had thought it necessary to guard himself against any insinuation , that his observations applied to the speech , as the speech of the king and not of his ministers , as if any person could suppose that any other than the king 's ministers were responsible for the contents of the speech . The noble lord , however , had admitted , that there could be no doubt of the prerogative of the crown to dissolve the parliament at any time , though he had referred to an authority upon the subject , which he had no sooner quoted than he rejected . But whilst the noble lord had denied the doctrine laid down by lord Somers , he endeavoured to extract out of it a principle that might bear upon the question before them . The propriety of the exercise of the prerogative of the crown in dissolving the parliament , must ever depend upon the circumstances under which such a prerogative might be exercised . In discussing this point , the noble lord had contended , that the prerogative had been properly exercised in the dissolution of the former parliament , but that the late instance of its exercise was founded upon an abandonment of every sound principle upon which that prerogative of the crown ought to be regulated . In the state in which the parliament and the country were placed , when that event took place , his majesty 's ministers would not have done their duty , if they had let a moment pass without appealing to the people . It was in that sense of duty he acted , when in