it necessary to direct the strong arm of power towards them , and to furnish the executive magistrates with much more vigorous laws than 799 were now in force . Besides , if the bill were to pass into a law , it would go to bur-then the country with a most enormous and incalculable expence , and to load the industrious orders of society with still heavier imposts . It might be asked of him , would he abolish the Poor-Laws altogether ? He had no hesitation to declare he would ; for , although they relieved many persons , who were certainly objects of compassion , they were also abused by contributing to the support of idleness and profligacy ; and he never could admit it to be just or reasonable that the labour of the industrious man should be taxed to support the idle vagrant . This was taxing virtue for the maintenance of vice . He concluded by moving , that the bill be read a second time this day three months . concurred in opinion with the hon . gent. , though he was not prepared to go the full length of all his objections . He agreed , that the establishment of a system so universal , must entail upon the country an incalculable expence , at least 2s . in the pound upon the poor 's rates ; and he thought , that as a national system of education , the expence should rather be paid out of the Consolidated Fund , than by a local assessment upon Parishes . In Scotland , he said , the public charge upon the country was but 6000l . a year for allowances to schoolmasters for the poor , while the remainder was made up by charges upon the landlord and tenant , or by voluntary subscription ; while in England , a single charitable society for propagating Gospel knowledge , expended 4000l . a year , being two thirds of the whole public charge in Scotland . gave great credit to the hon . gent . who brought in this bill , as well for his good intention in bringing it forward , as for his care in circulating it for the consideration of the magistrates throughout the kingdom . It had been fully considered ; but every magistrate with whom he had conversed , was decidedly averse to it and instructed their representatives to oppose it . He was convinced the operation of the poor-laws and the public charitable schools , already in existence , were fully adequate to ameliorate the situation of the poor . But if there were schools to be built , provided under this bill , and schoolmasters and mistresses employed in 14,000 parishes , the expence must be enormous . wished the bill should stand over to the next session . And he 800 begged , in the mean time , to suggest to the hon . gent , who brought it forward , that it would perhaps be better not to make the bill compulsory upon all parishes , but merely to enable the overseers , with the consent of the vestry in any parish , to raise , by way of rate , a sum for the support of schools , which they were not enabled to do as the law now stood ; voluntary education Was at all times preferable to compulsory ; and some measure of this kind , he conceived , would prove more effectual than the present . He must add , also , that the situation of parish apprentices demanded the attention of the house . Almost every magistrate must have heard of cases of atrocity , with regard to their treatment , that ought , if possible , to be prevented . They were to be imputed principally to the compulsory nature of the obligation to take them . lamented the very different reception this bill net with now , Compared with what it had experienced in the last parliament . He thought the bill ought to be allowed to go into a committee , where it might receive full consideration