The Training bill , 882 too , he thought ought to be put in force , in some shape or another ; and he was sorry not to have heard his noble friend state in what manner he proposed to do that : —as we approached the point of danger , the attention of all thinking men in the community was awakened to the means of repelling it . The right hon . gent . concluded by stating , that these extraordinary measures must of necessity interfere with the ordinary recruiting , but that in this country there should be as many channels as possible of procuring a supply for its military force . though he admitted that that was not the proper time for discussing the measure proposed in detail , yet found it impossible to omit that occasion of contradicting and confuting , as he trusted , to the satisfaction of the house , some of the statements that had been made by the noble lord opposite . He felt it also necessary to trespass upon the indulgence of the house , in order to reduce the question to its real grounds . Since the noble lord had opened his plan , another , the competitor of that plan , had been recommended by the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Yorke ) , and his right hon . friend who had just sat down . If the ballot was again to be resorted to , he was inclined to think with those right hon . gentlemen ; that it might be better used for raising an army of reserve , than in the way recommended by the noble lord . The plan of the noble lord was calculated to break down a most valuable branch of the military establishments of the country , and for the attainment of a force , which for a considerable time could not be superior to it . He had often been in the habit of contending in that house , that regiments of the line must be superior to militia regiments ; and certainly he did not conceive that , in so doing , he was giving reasonable cause of offence to any description of persons whatever . It was not in the nature of things that troops , who could not by their constitution have any opportunity of real service , except in case of invasion , could acquire the same spirit and character , or attain to equal discipline , with troops accustomed to act together , and to witness the conduct of their officers in circumstances of real danger . The officers , too , of the militia , who entered that service young , and with a view to pass a few years agreeably , would not devote themselves to their profession in the same way as persons who 883 had nothing else to depend on for their subsistence , and for all their success and prospects in life . He had often contended that such a difference existed ; and , until the more favourite charge respecting the Volunteers had been started , he bad been , for so doing , represented as the enemy of the militia . The gentlemen opposite had , on all such occasions , put themselves forward as the champions of the militia ; but their present measure exemplified the truth of the Spanish proverb , —Defend me against my friends , and I will defend myself against my enemies . '' He had often told the militia officers in that house , that it was not from him , but from those that professed to espouse their cause , that they had any thing to dread . The gentlemen opposite would not suffer any person to touch the militia but themselves . They had fatted them up for their own eating ; they secured them as country gentlemen do the game in those places near their houses , which , by an odd misnomer , are sometimes called the preserve , where the game are , indeed , preserved , but only till some circumstance ( the arrival