striking out those passages . said , he differed with his hon . friend , as to the advantages to be derived to the public from this bill . The preamble mentioned instruction ; but what sort of instruction ? He by no means thought , that teaching the lower orders to read and write , would prove beneficial to the community at large . Scotland had been referred to as a proof of the great advantages resulting from ins ruction , but he did not think that prove any thing with regard to this country . He thought the character of the Scotch contributed more to obtain reading and wilting , than reading and writing to form the character of the Scotch . He should , therefore , approve of amending the preamble . would not consent to alter the preamble , which was the foundation of the bill . He had not expected that his right hon . friend would have been in the house , and he was altogether unprepared for his opposition . He was surprized and grieved that he should lend his great talents to those who seemed to think education an improper thing for the lower orders ; but even against his great abilities he would engage to maintain , that education contributed to morality and virtue . He was astonished , that in a mind so enlightened , there should be a speck so dark . if he had not known that his right hon . friend was one of the most enlightened men of the age , he should really have supposed that he had heard another Jack Cade , who had accused lord Say and Sele of corrupting the minds of the people by introducing grammar-schools and printing , and verbs and nouns . When one opposed that for which he himself was remarkable , it was called `` the Devil rebuking sin . '' We heard of mathematicians who thought mathematics the only desirable education—of navigators who preferred navigation to every thing , and so forth ; but here was a most remarkable thing—a man of the greatest knowledge himself opposing the communication of knowledge . It was with pain and regret that he heard his right hon . friend , session after session , talking against the diffusion of knowledge . If he did not know him to be a man of most liberal mind , he should suppose he wished to be a monopolizer—a regrater and forestaller of all talents and genius in his own person . For his part , he differed with him most widely on this head , and was for doing every 1053 * thing in his power in aid of that vital spark , which could not be taken away . He would wish to have men the dignified characters for which they were formed by nature , and for which they only wanted the assistance of education . He would wish them to know their duties , and to understand and value , as they ought , their rights . If the house rejected the preamble , they rejected the base , on which the whole stood , and if they rejected the base , they might as well reject the superstructure altogether . said , he had heard the hon . gentleman with a considerable deal of astonishment , when he stated that if he deserted this part of the preamble , he should be deserting the whole superstructure of the bill . As to Scotland , he should ask him , had the house any proof to ascertain that such was the fact , as alleged in that preamble ? Had there been any committee appointed , or was there any now to be appointed to investigate this matter , and to convince the house of the propriety of adopting such a clause ? The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) did not appear to object so much to the principle of giving instruction to the people , as to the mode of doing so . Upon this subject he could say , that instruction was gaining