at the conclusion of peace , to replace that very great portion of the militia which must in that event be discharged . In proposing , therefore , to levy men by ballot for the militia , rather than to revive the provisions of the Army of Reserve act , no new or avoidable burthen would be imposed upon the country , but that burthen merely would be anticipated , to which , on the return of peace , the country must submit . That part of the measure of the right hon . gent . last year , which excluded from the army any regular battalions for limited service , was another strong cause for preferring the mode now proposed of augmenting our force . It was true , that this obstacle was not insurmountable , but it was the wish of his majesty 's ministers to disturb as little as possible the existing military establishments of the country . The levy of men for the militia would be less prejudicial to the country , and to the regular recruiting for other reasons . There was a greater proneness in the peasantry to enter into the militia than into the regular army . Men for the militia would not only be more easily got , but they would be of a better description ; and although he allowed that the 865 large ballot which would be required , would raise the bounty considerably , yet it would not be raised so much as if the same ballot were to take place direct for the regular army . The balloting for the militia had become congenial to the habits of the country . It was familiar with it . The people recognized it with tranquillity , and the magistrates executed it with ease . The Army of Reserve act , although a most estimable measure at the time of its adoption , yet being one of comparatively greater pressure , after it had been four months in operation , degenerated so much , that those by whom it had been proposed , thought it their duty to move for its suspension . He thought also the house would feel , that the fact of the penalties under the Army of Reserve act never having been enforced , was a most serious obstacle to any recurrence to that measure . Those who were in power had transferred the penalties to the Additional Force act and that alone ; but when the right hon . gent . proposed to parliament to repeal those fines in defiance of every principle of public justice and legislative dignity , he ( lord C. ) had endeavoured to shew how pregnant with mischief that right hon . gent . 's proposition was ; and that it was one which would render nugatory any measure similar to the Army of Reserve act . That the step then taken was unwise , now appeared pretty strongly ; and were he to propose a renewal of the Army of Reserve act , he was satisfied that he should , in consequence , subject the country to all the vexation of a legislative measure , which must end in complete failure . The house would also feel as an inducement to prefer the mode which he had suggested , that looking at the present state of the country , if the gentlemen of the militia were disposed to lend themselves to such a laudable object , it was much more desirable that any temporary inefficiency should exist in the defensive rather than in the offensive part of our military force . In every point of view , therefore , it seemed preferable to raise men for the regular army from the militia , than to raise men for the regular army by a ballot . It was a mere anticipation of a burthen which must be imposed ; it was a cheaper method ; it was one by which better troops would be procured ; and it would ultimately restore to the recruiting market that monopoly which he was as desirous as the right hon . gent . opposite ,