of the people continued Catholics , notwithstanding all the legal cruelties , proscriptions , and privations for so many hundred years , in order to grind them into Protestants . Was it because they refused to become proselytes to Protestantism , contrary to the conviction of their consciences , that they were to have no religion at all ? If they would continue Catholics , was it not better for the 819 state that they should be good , enlightened and loyal Catholics , than be left to ignorance , barbarism , or disaffection , under the tuition of priests educated in a hostile country , of whose principles , or whose fitness to instruct the king 's subjects , government knew nothing ? Was it not better the Irish Catholic priesthood should be men educated under the very eye of government , and be of known character , attached to their native land , than men who imbibed their education and their political principles under the auspices of an enemy ? But notwithstanding all that the hon . gent . had said of the gross superstition and barbarism of the Irish Catholics , he conceived it was no more than the gross religion of a gross class of people , and not one whit more so than that of a very great portion of the Protestants of England ; and he begged leave to say , that , from every thing he could hear or experience , the enlightened and educated Catholics of this country and of Ireland were not inferior in principles , in virtue , or talents , to any other description of men any where . There was nothing half so barbarous , even in the imputed superstition and intolerance of the lowest of the Irish Catholics , as the cry of `` no popery ! '' so recently set on foot throughout this country , by certain gentlemen amongst those opposite to him . said , he held in his hand the Prayer Book used by the Roman Catholics in Ireland , out of which , with the permission of the house , he would read a few extracts , for the purpose of shewing that the doctrines attributed to that body of men were either misunderstood or grossly misrepresented . He accordingly read the following sections of that Book : — '' 2 . It is no matter of faith that the church can not err either in matters of fact , or in matter of speculation or civil policy depending on mere human reason , these not being divine revelations deposited in the Catholic church . '' `` 3 . If a General Council , much less a Papal Consistory , should presume to depose a king and to absolve his subjects from their allegiance , no Catholic could be bound to submit to such decree . '' Hence it follows , `` 4 . That subjects of the king of England lawfully may , without the least breach of any Catholic principle , renounce upon oath the teaching or practising the doctrine of deposing kings excommunicated for heresy by any authority whatsoever , as repugnant to the fundamental laws of the nation , as injurious to sovereign power , and as destructive to peace and good government . '' `` 6 . It is 820 no matter of faith to believe that the Pope is himself infallible . '' `` 7 . Nor do Catholics , is Catholics , believe that the Pope has any direct or indirect authority over the temporal powers and jurisdiction of princes . Hence , if the Pope should pretend to absolve or dispense his majesty 's subjects from their allegiance on account of heresy or schism , such dispensation should be vain and null , and all Catholic subjects , notwithstanding such dispensation or absolution , should be still bound in conscience to defend their king and country at the hazard of their lives and fortunes ( as far as Protestants would be bound ) , even against the Pope himself , should he invade the nation . '' `` 9 As for the king-killing doctrine