resolved itself into a committee of supply , to which the report from the committee appointed to prepare estimate of the charge of the pay and clothing of the militia of Great Britain and Ireland was referred . The following sums were then voted ; tor extraordinaries of the army , incurred from 25th December 1805 , to 25th December 1806 and not provided for by parliament , 793,710l . 0s . 8d . ; Army extraordinaries for Great Britain for the year 1807 , 2,960,000l . ; ditto for Ireland 600,000l . It was . also voted , that a provision be made for-the pay and clothing of the militia of England and Ireland , and a provision for the allowances to serjeant-majors , adjutants , and subaltern officers of militia in Great Britain . The house then resumed , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer rose to propose a Lottery or Lotteries , in which the tickets should not exceed 100,000 , at 10l . a ticket . There had been a suggestion made to the.treasury , that it might have a better effect if the prizes in the first lotteries of the year were to be paid in lottery tickets instead of money . Upon this subject they had come to no resolution , but he thought it proper to inform the committee of the suggestion . He therefore proposed that the lords of the treasury should be authorized to contract with such persons as were disposed to bid for a lottery or lotteries containing 100,000 tickets . The resolution was agreed to . brought up his bill for promoting 795 and encouraging Industry amongst the Labouring Classes , and for the better Regulation and Relief of the Necessitous Poor ; which was read a first time . On the question that the bill be read a second time , he expressed his regret that he should not be able to bring forward the second reading , on the day on which he had at first proposed , because he felt himself in the same situation with several other hon . members , who would be obliged to attend their duties as country gentlemen , at the Quarter Sessions and at the Assizes . Being upon his legs , he wished to take that opportunity of adverting to the very alarming situation of public affairs , and putting a question to the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer whether it was in the contemplation of his majesty 's ministers to submit an immediate proposition to the house , founded upon the distressing circumstances , in which the late calamitous intelligence from the continent shewed the world in general , and this country in particular , to be placed . If any such proposition were intended , he trusted , that it would not be brought forward without proper notice , and that the right hon . gent . would not think of discussing a question of so much importance , whilst a large proportion of the members of that house would be necessarily absent . in reply to the hon . gent. , rose to do that , which it had previously been his intention to do , as soon as that hon , member should have sat down ; namely , to give notice on the part of his noble friend , the secretary of state for war and the colonies , to , bring forward a , motion on Friday next , relative to the military state o f the country . He should he sorry , therefore , that the observations which had fallen from the hon . gent . should induce the house to suppose , that Friday was an inconvenient day for that purpose . He could see no reason why his noble friend might not on Friday open his plan to the house , because that plan could not be carried into effect without a bill , in the various stages of which there would be frequent opportunities , during the course of next week , of discussing its merits . But