be raised , even supposing £50,000 a year could possibly be diminished from the pension list , no remedy could thereby be afforded to the burdens of the individual ; but the public , if encouraged to hope for this , would reap the advantage of those schemes for the national advantage , so necessary in the present posture of affairs . He had the authority of Judge Blackstone to say , that it was the duty of the house to inquire into the amount and circumstances of the pensions granted by the crown ; and he considered that it was also competent to the house to inquire into the specific grants , as well as the number of sinecure places and reversions . He denied the position , that the man who had a reversionary interest in a place , had a sort of freehold in which the public had no interest . If there existed certain patent places which originally were for small sums , but had now grown into enormous ones , and these held by persons who could have no claim to such places , in his opinion the continuance of them formed proper subject of inquiry by parliament . If the salary of a person who held an official situation under government was not sufficient , he would willingly increase it , for he thought there should be no monopoly of important offices to a wealthy aristocracy , otherwise no man could accept an office , who had not a handsome fortune of his own . He thought it was a mischievous practice to 752 grant pensions to persons after holding offices for a short time . It was no good plea for the person retiring on such pension to say , that he had been induced to take the office against his will , and had abandoned more lucrative situations . after adverting to the integrity and independence of his hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) , expressed his regret , that he should have said any thing on the present occasion , which might have the appearance of a desire to prevent inquiry . It was highly gratifying to him , and must be so to the noble lord ( Cochrane ) , to see that his motion was received with general approbation , and that there appeared to be scarcely any difference , except as to the form . He thought the mode proposed by the chancellor of the exchequer the most proper , but differed from him as to the grants by the crown , which might be examined , though not malignantly nor invidiously . With regard to the salaries of public men , he thought that here , too , a prudent parsimony ought to prevail , for it ought to be considered that they were paid not only by their salaries , but by the distinction they enjoyed , and the opportunity of transmitting their names to posterity as faithful and able servants of the public . Yet he thought that they ought to have pensions upon retirement , upon the same principle , that officers in the army and navy had halt-pay . He was convinced that nothing was better calculated than openness and fair dealing , to make public Men and parliament stand well in public opinion , and he was glad that this motion had been made , as it would tend to secure that object . But there was a danger of hunting too eagerly after popularity . The circumstance that rendered popular governments more capable of great exertions than others , was the affection of the people to their institutions , and their consequent willingness to bear the public burthens . It was , therefore , of the last importance that the house of commons should stand well with the considerate part of the community , particularly with the middle classes , which formed the most valuable part of it . If an idea had gone forth that there was a great deal of corruption in that house , it was desirable that the public should be satisfied that there , was