to turn their attention to the formation of a large local militia , which was the measure 1067 most essential to the permanent security of the country . He also promised attention to the formation of central depots . With a view to this object , under the able administration of lord Chatham at the head of the ordnance , a central depot had been formed ( at Weedon Beck , in Northamptonshire ) , from which great facilities to the military service of the country had been found . In that noble lord 's administration also , a wise system of defensive fortification had been adopted in Ireland as well as in England . had great satisfaction in hearing that it was intended to apply the attention of government to the amelioration of the militia . He hoped his majesty 's government would at the same time turn its attention to the means of rendering the ballot less oppressive upon the lower orders of the community.— The bill was then passed . —The Parochial School bill was read a third time and passed.—Mr . R. Dundas observed , that when he had moved for the returns of the East India Company 's Accounts , he had stated that it was his intention to move , that they should be referred to a committee of the whole house , with a view to a full discussion of the state of the accounts of the company , within the present session . Circumstances had however , since occurred , which rendered it impossible for him , or the house , to go into these accounts in detail this session . He should therefore be obliged to put off the business to next session . Nevertheless he should feel it his duty to move some Resolutions on the subject , and took that opportunity of giving notice of such motion for to-morrow . moved for leave to bring in a bill to suspend the act of the 35th of the king , so far as it relates to the voidance of Benefices held by clergymen , who may have subsequently accepted curacies augmented from queen Anne 's bounty . The ground on which he rested his motion was , that many clergymen , not aware of the clause in that bill , which rendered benefices void in case the incumbents accepted augmented cures , had by accepting such curacies subjected themselves inadvertently and ignorantly to the penalty of that act . The consequence was , that the patrons of the benefices were threatening them with new presentations , and that they held such benefices wholly at the mercy of such patrons . His bill was 1068 not intended to alter the law or decide the right , but merely to suspend the operation of the act till next session , in order that the legislature might have an opportunity of considering whether clergymen under such circumstances ought to be left to hold their benefices at the mercy of the patrons , or to be deprived of them altogether . would have great doubt of the propriety of the bill proposed by the hon . member , if it was to alter the law as it now stood , or to divest rights already vested by law . But as the bill was only to suspend the operation of the law now in force , till the subject might be more fully considered next session , he was not aware of any material objection to it.—Leave was then given . moved for leave to bring in a bill for better regulating Recognizances entered into upon Petitions on Controverted Elections . The 26th of the king , he stated , had not provided an adequate remedy against vexatious petitions . It required the principal in a petition to enter into a recognizance of £200 and each of the sureties into one of £100 ; but though it required the sureties to give in their residence , it did not require that of the principal , so that there was generally much difficulty to find him in the event of the recognizances being forfeited .