make any sacrifices for the public good , and to support their share in its splendour ; yet they expected economy in the disposition of the national money , and that their distresses might be lessened . If these economical reports were heaped on the table without use , he should find it his duty to tell ministers that he would vote smaller supplies than he otherwise might have intended , were more frugality and attention shewn . entirely agreed with the hon . gent . as to the necessity of economy at the present crisis , and a cautious expenditure of the public money . At the same time , he could not approve of the vague and incautious manner in which the hon . gent . had thought proper to fling out his charges . The remarks were of a nature so general and indefinite , that he did not know how to reply to them . If the hon . gent . had any thing definite to state in public or private , he should feel himself much obliged to the hon . gent . for such communi- 1072 cation . As to the reports which were said to be heaped upon the table , he wished the hon . gent . would again be more definite , and , selecting one or more from the number , state explicitly what he understood to be the existing abuse ; this certainly would be much more satisfactory than dealing in loose and general observations . said in explanation , that he alluded to the different reports in the various departments , civil , military , and marine , whereby it was obvious that there might be a saving by a more economical management in each , of the public money , to an amount of between five and ten millions annually . put it to his majesty 's ministers , to consider the necessity and the means of affording a more immediate relief to the persons entitled to exemptions under the income tax : these persons were at present obliged to pay the full amount of the tax in the first instance , and they found it extremely difficult afterwards to obtain the relief allowed to them . stated , that he , as well as the hon . baronet , had received complaints of very severe hardships , in the manner in which the income tax was levied on the lower classes . He was sure if his noble friend ( lord H. Petty ) had continued in office , the necessary relief would have been afforded to the persons so pressed . He hoped the hon . gentlemen opposite would consider of the means of affording them some alleviation . lamented , that in proportion as the property tax had been made more burthensome , the means of relief had been made more difficult in the cases in which no law could presume to withhold it . stated it to have been his desire and intention , that every real grievance under the property tax , as it had been increased and regulated by him , should be satisfactorily redressed ; but he thought it , in the first instance , desirable , that the whole of the provisions should have a fair trial ; for it was only such a trial that could afford proof of the reality , or the futility , of the objections which were so universally made . He was desirous , now that a fair trial had been afforded , to give all proper relief , but he could assure the house , that much difficulty would be felt , when the means of giving that relief consistently with the produce of the tax should came to be considered.—The motion for leave to bring in the bill was then agreed to . in consequence of the notice he had given , rose to submit a motion , which he thought necessary as a preliminary step towards any proceeding which the house should think proper to adopt , with respect to the measure founded on a resolution of that house ,