. At the dissolution too , none of the sums which had been voted for the public service , were appropriated , for no appropriation act had been passed . Without such an act , by a solemn principle of the constitution , the application of those sums to particular services , was not constitutional or legal . He readily allowed that there might be , situations in which a government ought to act without the support of law , when the state service required its suspension ; but then these situations must be unforeseen and inevitable . If a ministry , with their eyes open , placed themselves in a situation in which , on the one hand the law must be broken , or on the other the country must be endangered , the exercise of their discretion , in such a case , called for the most solemn consideration of parliament . And ; for what purpose had all these mischiefs been . occasioned ? The hon . seconder had stated , that an attempt had been made by the late ministry to force the conscience of the king , an assertion completely unfounded in fact . 619 Having declared that there were acts of the royal prerogative which were personal and unadvised , and having thus brought his majesty into a state of responsibility , the hon . gent . maintained , that the late ministry had arraigned their king , and had asked the house of commons to pronounce him guilty or not guilty . While he possessed the power of speech , he would protest against a principle so fatal to liberty of debate , as that upheld by the hon gent . If the house were canvassing any proceeding of government , were they to be stopped by being told , that it was the act not of the ministry but of the monarch ? If so , then farewell to all freedom of deliberation , and farewell to the personal security of the monarch himself ; for , however convenient such a doctrine might at the moment appear , the consequences of it were too obvious to need illustration . A dissolution of parliament must always be inconvenient , and at that period of the session at which the late dissolution took place , more inconvenient than at any other . In the interesting debate on this subject , which took place in the year 1784 , an opinion was quoted of lord Somers 's that his majesty , during a session of parliament , had no power to dissolve the parliament . With all the deference which was due to the abilities of so able a lawyer , and so great a statesman , he confessed that he differed greatly from lord Somers on this point . The strongest necessity might , in his opinion , exist for a dissolution , during a session of parliament , namely , such a difference between the two houses , as should impede the progress of public business . Still however this assertion of lord Somers 's was sufficient to shew the extreme inconvenience that resulted from a dissolution in the midst of a session , and that such a measure ought not to he resorted to without the most urgent necessity . Now , what necessity existed in the present instance ? The hon . seconder declared that the late ministers had proposed measures replete with danger to the protestant establishment . What then ? Those ministers had been turned out : the hon . gent . had himself stated , they had lost the confidence of parliament . What interruption therefore Was expedient ? What necessity was there for a dissolution ? The house were now told , that they were called together merely for a month , to wind up the business of the last parliament , and then to be sent home . If a month would be sufficient for that purpose in the present parliament a month would have been sufficient 620 for it in the last . His majesty 's late minister 's would scarcely have objected to