there was no 1082 proper provision of transports for cavalry , which was the sort of force that had been promised . These could not be procured at a moment 's warning . If an expectations had been raised in the minds of our allies , and no efforts had been made to counteract these expectations , he certainly could not perceive that they differed materially from a positive promise . in explanation said , that what he had stated was , that it had been asserted that promises had been made to our allies , and that these promises had now dwindled down to expectations , on one side , however unreasonable these expectations might be . adverted to what had been said by the hon . baronet under the gallery , respecting insinuations . Certainly , if it was asserted that expectations had been clearly held out of assistance upon certain contingencies , and these contingencies had happened and no assistance had been sent , the matter became a serious and heavy charge . The late ministers had unquestionably been guilty of a crime against this country and against Europe . But in this case , instead of bringing forward these things for the sake of adorning a speech , instead of introducing them in order to turn a period , a distinct motion ought to have been made on the subject , that the house might have an opportunity of passing sentence , upon a deliberate investigation of the affair and clear itself both to the country and to Europe . This was what he called upon ministers to do if they had any grounds for the charge . observed , that the hon . bart . had been most unfortunate in alluding to America , while he was recommending unanimity ; every word upon that subject was to be carefully avoided at present , and any allusion to it was most imprudent and dangerous . Ministers had certainly a most difficult and important task imposed upon them in this affair , and any allusions to the lenient proceedings of the late government , were very much out of time . He thought that the Training bill ought to be put in immediate execution , and all the measures for putting us in a proper state of defence forwarded without a moment 's delay . He perfectly agreed in what had been said by the hon . bart . respecting the advantages of peace , and hoped that his opinions on that point would have the weight which they deserved.—The bill was then passed . On the question as to the title of the bill , observed , that the charges preferred by the right hon . secretary ( Mr. 1083 Canning ) against his noble relative ( lord Howick ) were of such magnitude , that he wished them to be distinctly stated . Was the charge specifically this , that the late administration had promised to the king of Sweden an assistance of cavalry on contingencies , and , when those contingencies occurred , the cavalry were not sent ? This ought to be inquired into . The right hon . gent . had also stated hypothetically , that if contingencies had arisen , the late government would have been unable to fulfil their engagements . This ought also to be inquired into ; for , if it could be proved that his noble friend had held out such promises , and violated them , he would be proved unfit for his situation , and in that case his crime ought to be known and punished . The right hon . gent . farther stated , that specific promises of assistance had been made to Sweden , Russia , and Prussia . He wished to know what promises to Sweden , except of money for augmenting her force—a promise which had been carried into effect by the present administration . As to Prussia , it was known what had been granted by the late administration , and what by the present . Where was the promise violated ? With regard to Russia , the only