which had been rejected in the other . The only way of bringing the rejection of the bill to prevent grants of Offices in Reversion in the upper house , before the view of this house , would be to appoint a committee to inspect the lords ' Journals , as to what had been done there with respect to that bill . That Committee might report to-morrow , and on the report he should found a motion which be would submit to the house on Monday . He accordingly moved , `` that a committee be appointed to inspect the Journals of the house of lords , with relation to the bill sent from this house to the lords , intituled , An Act to prohibit the granting of Offices in Reversion , or for joint lives , with benefit of survivorship ; and to make report thereof to the house . '' A committee was appointed accordingly . —On the order of the day for the third reading of the Consolidated Fund bill , rose and observed , that as it seemed evident the session was about to close , he thought it his duty to make two or three remarks on the extraordinary situation of the country , at a period when ministers were about to prorogue parliament . The house had before them several notices of motions upon subjects of the greatest importance . The bills for the defence of the country were just gone up to the other house to be discussed there ; and they had heard speeches from a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) , stating that there were other measures necessary in his opinion , but which the session would be too short to enable him to introduce . A notice had also been given of a motion to consider the present trying situation of the West India planters , and a motion had been made to inspect the Lords ' Journals , for the purpose of taking an important subject into consideration . He knew that we had just sent out a very large expedition , which it was supposed had not gone to any great distance , and from which , therefore , intelligence , it was to be presumed , might very soon be expected ; and its results would be most important to the country , whether successful or otherwise . He knew also that a treaty had been concluded between Prussia , one of our allies , and France , 1074 the particulars of which were public ; and that there was also a treaty signed between France and another of our allies , Russia , of the greatest consequence , but as yet unknown . From the terms of the treaty with Prussia , however , we learned that the emperor Alexander , who , it had been said , had acted with so much magnanimity , had consented to take a considerable portion of the territory of his late ally and friend the king of Prussia . The king of Sweden , our remaining ally , was confessedly in a most critical situation , and a British force was sent out to assist him . Under all these circumstances , and with the alarming state of the East India Company , almost in a state of impending ruin ; with so extraordinary a vote of credit asked on account of large sums being wanted , in the probability of the volunteers being called out on permanent duty for several months , which portended an expectation of a speedy invasion , or appearance of the enemy upon the coast ; under all these circumstances , he wanted to know what advice was given , or to be given by ministers to their sovereign , respecting a prorogation of parliament . He thought that ministers , who had advised the dissolution of the last parliament , were bound to counsel his majesty to keep the present parliament together , till time was afforded them to consider these various important subjects , which so much interested the country . He feared , that the very large vote of