hon . gent . No promise had been made and forfeited . The contingency upon which the aid was to have been given , had not in his opinion , and that of his friends , occurred . The other powers , according to the statement of the right hon . secretary , asserted it did take place . In this contradiction , he should not think it wise to rely on the assertion of those who were interested in receiving the aid . The fairest standard would be to ask the right hon . gent . himself , whether , on the review of the papers in his office , such expectations were well founded ? No attention was to be paid to the insinuations of neglected expectations and forfeited pledges , unless they took upon themselves to say , that in their own opinion , such expectations were directly held forth ; otherwise he must contend , without allowing for the prejudice which he might feel , that the statement of his noble friend ( lord Howick ) was as much to be relied on as that of any other minister foreign or domestic . With respect to the charge of being unprepared for the contingency , if it had taken place , it was to be considered , that its approach would have been observed ; for it was not to be supposed his majesty 's late ministers would have suffered it to come by 1078 surprise upon them , as the present state of the continent had come upon the present ministers . He should have thought the assertion of the deficiency of preparation to meet the contingencies too bold . But there was this invitation to unauthorised boldness in this case , that the statement could not be contradicted , for it was impossible to fix the time at which the contingency could be said to have arisen . The late government had left in the hands of their successors , to the best of his recollection , 49 or 50,000 tons of sheathed transports , which was sufficient for the conveyance of 5000 or 6000 men . No offer of sheathed transports had been refused , and only the small transports , which could be always had on the moment , were discharged . Under these circumstances it could not be said that the late ministers were unprepared for the contingency on which aid was to be sent , in case that contingency had arisen . The facts of the existing supplies might be shewn by a comparative account from the Transport Board , of the amount of transports received and left by the late ministers . was at a loss to conceive what advantage the right hon . gentlemen opposite proposed to derive from the renewal of this discussion . He was still more surprised to find that they conceived they had derived advantages from it . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) could not assert any difference on his part from his former statement , for he had not yet spoken . He did say that great expectations of pecuniary and military aid from us were entertained by the allied powers . The expectations held out might have been excited , either by communications to his majesty 's ministers here , to the ministers of the allied powers to his majesty 's court , or they might be communicated by our resident ministers at the courts of the allied powers , in their conferences with the ministers of those powers . The course of the Foreign Office combined these two modes of transacting business . The hon . gentlemen opposite first threw out a general challenge to alledge any one particle of promise of aid , and then , when the promise to Sweden was cited , the noble lord opposite came down and confirmed the fact , and the rt . hon . gent . opposite triumphed in the conformation . He had now to re-state the fact with the high additional authority of the noble lord . The vague nature of a contingency , which one