? Have they forgot that we have to contend with the most formidable military power , which the world has ever seen ? —that we have to contend single-handed , not * From the original edition printed for John Hatchard , Bookseller to Her Majesty , Piccadilly ; 1807 . 1122 against the power of France alone , but , I may almost say , against that of all Europe . Every resource , which the continent can afford , we may soon expect to see arrayed for the subjugation of this country ; and all this immense power is in the hands of one , who is not apt to neglect his advantages . The conqueror who with such unexampled rapidity has crushed the most formidable powers on the continent—he who has humbled Russia , who has laid Austria prostrate , and has scattered the legions of the great Frederick like dust before the wind , is preparing , with still increased resources , to carry his victorious arms into England , urged on by every motive that ambition and revenge can dictate . This island is now the only bar that stands between Napoleon and the empire of the world . He knows that when England is crushed , no other power on earth will dare to give him any further molestation ; —but that while England exists , he will ever have a jealous rival , a watchful and a formidable antagonist . Can we doubt , that every sinew will be stretched to accomplish the annihilation of a power , which has so repeatedly obstructed his views ? —Nor is it by ambition alone that he is animated . He makes no secret of the implacable hatred he bears to this country , and the vengeance which he meditates for the repeated mortifications , which he traces to the enmity of England . Assuredly , it is now no ordinary war that we have to wage—no war of colonial contests or distant campaigns ; —the blow is now aimed it our heart—our struggle is to be for the existence of Britain . It is not the humiliation of a rival that France now aims at , —it is the annihilation of a foe , that , has for ages been the rallying point of her enemies . Nothing short of total and absolute conquest can now be expected to satisfy her ambition . To others the conqueror has shown moderation , only that he might direct his efforts with more security and effect against his main enemy . To others , he has shown moderation , only that he might the better accomplish our destruction . But if England be once at his feet , as Austria and Prussia have been—never—never will she be allowed to raise her head again . Calamities severe enough have followed the conquests of France in Italy , in Swisserland , in Holland ; but the fate of these countries has been mildness itself , when compared with that which is now preparing for England . In these countries , ambition and avarice were the only motives to excess—here they will be aggravated by rancorous vengeance , and national hatred , not confined to the com- 1123 manders alone , but extending to the lowest soldiers . Hitherto the French have been more or less restrained by motives of policy—but if they conquer England , they may safely give a loose to every brutal passion ; and the Englishman that survives the ruin of his country , must expect to see every horror , to which rapacity and insolence can prompt a licentious soldiery , and a jealous usurper.—With such a prospect before us , from the gigantic power of the French empire , —with the task of guarding against the destruction of every thing that is dear to us , his majesty 's ministers are satisfied with an increase of 20 or 30,000 men to the army . Surely , my lords , when we consider the horrors to which any deficiency in our preparations may lead , it is the duty of those who conduct the affairs or the