would naturally be composed of the young men of superior station , who are enrolled in the local militia , as falling within the ages of service . Young men destined for a military life could not perhaps have a better school , than to be thus employed for a few years , under the superintendance of men of experience , in training a continual succession of recruits to military exercises.—According to the arrangement which has been proposed , there can be little doubt that these corps of local militia would be rendered completely effective , and little inferior even to regular troops which have not actually seen service . This would be done , too , with as little interruption to the ordinary avocations of the people , as could perhaps be reconciled with the effectual accomplishment of the essential object . In the beginning , indeed , a great and extraordinary effort would be necessary : but after the proposed measures had been brought into a regular train , the burthen of duty would be very light on all except the young men of eighteen or nineteen , who are in the first year of their training . There is no other description of men whose absence from their homes and their ordinary occupations would so little interfere with the business of the country . The men of this description may be calculated at between 90 and 100,000 over the whole of Great Britain ; and if they join their respective corps according to a plan of rotation , each for three months , there would only be one fourth of these constantly embodied , i. e. never above 25,000 men at one time ; and the interruption to the ordinary business of the country would not be greater , than would be occasioned by an addition of this amount to the regular army . To this are to be added the few weeks during which the whole of the local militia would be assembled . If this should be reckoned at three weeks , the individuals subject to this service , would not be called upon for a greater sacrifice of their time than many of the volunteers submit to , —all of them , indeed , who are in any degree fit for real duty ; so that this plan can not be considered as a greater burthen on the country , than an establishment of an equal number of volunteers . It would indeed be less burthensome ; for the volunteer corps are in great part composed of men , the real value of whose time is far greater 1141 than that of the young men , of whom it is proposed to form this local militia * .—An exception must no doubt be admitted , for the first moments of this establishment , when a great and extraordinary effort will be necessary , for bringing our state of preparation up to what it would have been , if this system had been sooner adopted . If it had already gone on for some years , all the young men from the age of nineteen to that of twenty-five would now be in a state of full preparation , having entered the local militia at eighteen , and having undergone a thorough training during the first year of their service . As matters actually stand , however , there is a great arrear to be cleared off ; and to make up for the tardiness which we have shown in resorting to the system , we have no choice but to take immediate measures for training all the young men below the age of twenty-five—a great and a burthensome effort , no doubt , but one which the exigency of the crisis imperiously demands.—When the system which has been proposed , is compared with that of the volunteers , no doubt can be entertained that its efficiency must be incomparably greater . The men within the ages that have been stated , can not be reckoned at less than 500,000 ; and to this extent we should at all times have a force ready at