ministers ought to be directed to the protection of the country itself , the measure they proposed was one which went to disorganize this very force . This he conceived to be a most extraordinary step , in what could only be a temporary measure of defence . The officers of the militia made many sacrifices for the public advantage . Should even this measure pass into a law , he was convinced they would so far forget the degradation and insults offered to themselves , as to exert their utmost endeavours in seeing that the act be carried into proper effect . But it was impossible that government could again expect to find gentlemen of landed property from these counties , step forward as militia officers . There was always a deficiency in the militia in this respect ; there was so at the present moment ; and the measure now proposed must go greatly to increase it , and to deprive this force of great part of the character it now enjoyed . He agreed with an hon . gent . who had spoken early in the debate , that there was a great difference between the calling on the voluntary services of the militia in the year 1799 and at the present moment . Then an increase 962 was wanted in the disposable force of the country ; of course , in extending their services , they benefited the country , which had then no occasion for their protection at home ; while those by whose desire they volunteered , shewed that they esteemed their services as valuable . Now , however , the danger threatened this country , and instead of looking for assistance from this legitimate constitutional force , the government , by asking them to volunteer into the regular army , clearly informed them that as militia men , they were of no use even in the very service for which they had been raised . The plan of the noble lord seemed , so far as the militia was concerned , to carry in it the seeds of its own destruction . The noble lord in opening his plan had told the house , that there were a number of the militia within six months of the period of expiry of their service , and that there was little doubt of the whole of them enlisting to the regular army . This he thought highly unlikely . By doing so , they could receive only 10l . of bounty ; whereas , by lying by , and waiting the operation of the ballot , they might receive from 50l . to 60l . in the first instance , and then the additional 10l . for extending their service . He objected to the measure still more , however , because it went to destroy the plan of his right hon . friend , from which , as had been expressed by the hon . gent . below him , he was of opinion , if allowed to take its fair course , his right hon . friend must derive immortal honour . The documents on the table shewed , that if experience was not a cheat and fact a liar , that the plan of his right hon . friend had completely succeeded . The right hon . gentlemen opposite seemed highly pleased when his hon . friend near him , ( Mr. Whitbread ) stated , that the plan of his right hon . friend , if it had not done more , had done as much as the Additional Force act , and the regular recruiting , at the same time . These hon . gentlemen seemed now to think this nothing , but they were not always of such an Opinion . They had fomerly represented the Additional Force act , as in itself a measure of great efficiency , while , at the same time , as they contended , it did not at all interfere in the regular recruiting . Their language , however , was now greatly changed , and they allowed no credit to the plan