, which had been so pointedly alludes to by the right hon . gent . Sir Home Popham had been selected by admiral Gambier as his captain , and his right of selection was not to be disputed . Lord Howe had selected sir Roger Curtis , and that selection had given rise to no animadversion . said , that the animadversions on the appointment of sir Home Popham naturally followed from what had been said on the other side with respect to that expedition , which had originated with a former ministry , who had been active in bringing forward that officer . As to the precedent that had been cited , he could not accede to it ; for he well knew that the appointment of sir Roger Curtis had given rise to very general dissatisfaction , and he had reason to believe that the selection of sir Home Popham had also given rise to great dissatisfaction , and he would add , that were not that officer now absent , on the service of his country , he Should feel it his duty to submit to parliament a motion relative to an enquiry into a certain bargaining transaction at the Cape , in which the expedition to South America had originated , and in which that office was not a little concerned . The noble lord opposite to him , in his strictures on the late administration , had taken an opportunity of giving him his share of the general censure . The imputation thrown on him by the noble lord , he should ever consider as a merit , because it was an imputation of economy . He should not be ashamed of having used his humble efforts to husband the resources of the country in a crisis like the present , when there was such demand for the wise , and useful , and considerate application of them . The noble lord opposite should be , therefore , the less surprized if his own financial propositions had not met with the fullest approbation from one who thought too well of economy to approve of any plan that went to scout it . In that case , too the noble lord had not forgotten to deal out his usual imputations against him , when that noble lord was submitting to that house a plan 1042 which , if it did not contain a sublime system of economy , certainly did a sublime contempt of figures—A great deal had been said of the supineness of the late government , in not aiding the efforts of our allies upon the continent . It was , however , worthy of observation , that since the year 1793 , down to the present period , it had been the constant and uniform plan of one set of Men in this country , to talk of rescuing the continent ; of saving . restoring , and establishing Europe . That had been their undeviating policy ; and yet this great and mighty plan had either not yet been rightly conceived , or if so , had entirely failed , and contributed to increase that power it was meant to overthrow . It was ridiculous to talk of saving Europe , if Europe could not save herself . It was not in the desperate affairs of the continent that England could step in and save her . No ; she had only to look to better times . She could be most useful in following up victory , not in remedying defeat ; and therefore , was a government wise in keeping up and refusing to exhaust the resources of the country until they could be useful ? `` Et rebus vosmet servate secundis . '' If , however , it was thought by gentlemen opposite , that a continental expedition ought to have been forwarded and might have had effect , he called upon those gentlemen to state , at what one period they would have taken upon themselves to have advised such a measure . He defied the present ministers to state the specific time , during that period ,