able to act with the regular army , either at home or abroad for defensive purposes . With respect to what had been said , that it was intended to debase and degrade the character of the militia , he was certain that no such idea had ever entered into the heads of his majesty 's present ministers : so far from it , he for 950 one , had always thought with the hon . member behind him ( col. Wood ) , that it was giving the militia an opportunity of defending the country on a more extended scale , and would shew that their officers had not only made them solders to the eye , but to the heart also , and that they were emulous and zealous to defend their country , not only at home , but in every quarter where their services might be deemed necessary . The hon . gent . who spoke last had said that he would not , in arguing this measure , touch upon any other matters which were not immediately connected with it , and he had almost kept his word . He had , however , in some degree , departed from it , in referring to the case of the people of Ireland , which he thought was not immediately connected with this measure , and which was not , in his opinion , very fair and candid , when he knew that the late ministers did not mean to have acted on the plan of any further extension of indulgences or conciliation than merely the bill which had been brought into the house , had they remained in office . He hoped , therefore , the house would see the necessity of as speedily as possible adopting a measure which was , on all hands , allowed to be necessary , and which the present bill was calculated to effect in the easiest and most speedy mode . said , that if the question now to be considered was an ordinary one , and if he did not concur with a gent . who had spoken last but one ( Mr. Whitbread ) in thinking that the decision of the house might prove of vital importance , and that perhaps even the preservation of our independence might depend on the measures now to be adopted , he should not have obtruded himself on the notice of the house ; but in this crisis of unexampled difficulty and contingent dangers , which most seemed to admit , though differing materially as to the means of averting them , he hoped it would not be thought unbecoming in him to submit to the consideration of the house such observations as the most mature reflection had suggested to him.—In one point , and indeed in more than one , he cordially concurred with his right hon . friend opposite to him , ( Mr. Yorke , ) that one false step taken at this time , might prove irretrievable ; that the interval between the present moment and the next meeting of parliament might be big with events , in which the national welfare might be deeply involved ; and that the utmost 951 caution and circumspection were necessary in deciding on such measures as might be now submitted to parliament . It had been therefore matter of great satisfaction to him to find , that ministers had , however reluctantly , acceded to the proposition made from this side of the house , to defer the second reading of this bill till that day . The interval thus given , he , in common with every other member , had turned to the best account he could , by weighing all the arguments for or against this measure ; and he had even indulged the delusive hope that his noble friend opposite to him , ( lord Castlereagh , ) would have reconsidered his own proposition , and would have come down to the house prepared to substitute in its room , one as simple , and infinitely more efficient ; one better adapted to the circumstances