its opinion on a measure which was contingent on another which had been passed by the legislature , and received the pointed approbation of the king ? All that was implied in the resolutions which he intended to propose was , that the house should express its determination that , if the boon should continue for the time proposed , then a benefit would be expected in return . He was not prepared to say that it would be of very material import if these resolutions should be postponed until next sessions ; but then the same arguments that were now urged , might be advanced in favour of longer delay , and so on , until the house and the country felt the inconvenience of no legislative regulation having been agreed to sooner . The act of 1802 had been spoken of , but he would ask , did not the legislature then act for the advantage of the public creditor , without ridiculously waiting until the individuals that composed that body should petition the house to interfere in their behalf ? The principle upon which the sinking fund was raised , was , it was true , then broken in upon ; but it was for the advantage of the public . An advantage to a greater extent would be reaped from the present system ; it was by a regard to the security of the public creditor , and a seasonable attention to his interest ; it was by public security , and the facility of disposing of property in our funds that an immense capital was drawn into the service of the public . It was said , that the proposer of these resolutions only accelerated the disorder in order that he might apply the remedy ; but it was not right that regulations should be adopted for general supply , so as to prevent any sudden emergency hereafter . Would any man wish to get rid of a plan for the better supplying of this metropolis with provisions , merely because we did not want provisions at present ? He did not say that exactly the same individuals would hold the 815 stock at each time ; but still a certain general good would be effected . It was certain that a proportion of stock , amounting to the value specified , would be paid off in a given period . It was said , however , that contingencies were not provided for , as it was seen that there was a vote of credit for 3 millions last year . The different items , however , of which that sum was composed , were expressly stated , and the house was then satisfied with the statement . In fact , it never was asserted that the system which was now to be proposed , would cover every extraordinary contingency , such as subsidies , arrears of subsidy , & c. But by the plan , as has been already stated , a certain sum will assuredly be paid off in a given time : and if ever there was a time when economy was to be looked to particularly , it was the present , ( not economy as to abuses , for in that they were all agreed , ) but economy as to the general management of the affairs of the public , and a serious consideration as to whatever would most tend to maintain the public credit . The country would , if these resolutions were adopted , be relieved from considerably increasing burthens for the present , and look forward with certain hope as to the future . contended that the taking from the Sinking Fund , even at the end of ten years , would be diminishing the security which the public creditor now held ; and he considered that it would be in the highest degree absurd to declare now , that in ten years we would take from the Sinking Fund , when it was absolutely impossible to foresee the state of the country in ten years , whether it would be at peace or at war