deprecated , as much as his hon . friend , the exclusion of strangers , he was satisfied no new arrangement with respect to them would be equally conducive to the dignity and the convenience of the house . The right of exclusion had been seldom exercised , and in the course of his experience , he had never known it to he exercised with advantage . The exclusion of last night was particularly unwise . It seemed the hon . gent . thought something that he had said would have an injurious effect on the public mind , if suffered to go abroad . But the expression , whatever it was , that struck the hon . gent . as improper , did go abroad . If what he had said was capable of refutation , it ought to go abroad , accompanied by the refutation . If it could not be refuted , it ought to go abroad with the authority of incontrovertible truth . The member who enforced the right of exclusion ought to be sure that he exercised it with a sound discretion . rose in pursuance of the notice he had given ; in doing which , he was influenced by no other motive than that of an anxious wish to discharge a great public duty . If his motion was acceded to , the result would prove , whether there was any possibility of making those who had lived 746 and grown rich upon the public money , feel for the extraordinary burdens under which the people laboured . The late plan of finance had proved that as much as could have been exacted had been drawn from the people , and that it was not possible to draw more : ingenuity had exhausted itself in devising new sources of taxation . The people knew all this . If he was asked , how he could so judge of the public sentiment , he in answer should appeal to the universal sentiment without doors ; the variety of publications ; the language held upon the hustings throughout the empire during the late election ; the language made use of in the different advertisements from the successful candidates to their constituents , and if all these together did not enable a man to form a just estimate of public opinion , he did not know what could do so ; nor was it to be forgotten , the different shameless notices that appeared in the different papers , concerning the sale of seats in a certain assembly . At the same time he wished it to be understood , that nothing was farther from his intention , than to complain of the allowances made to the efficient public officers ; so far from thinking those allowances as extravagant , he thought them rather under than over what they should be . Revolutionary views might be imputed to him , as they were to others who wished for such investigations ; but he was actuated by the purest motives , and he hoped for the unanimous concurrence of the house . It was proper to shew the people , that there was nothing in the character and habits of those who composed the house , that ought to be concealed . He therefore moved , `` That a Committee be appointed to inquire into , and report to this house , an account of all Offices , Posts , Places , Sinecures , Pensions , Situations , Fees , Perquisites , and Emoluments of every description , paid out of , or arising from , the public revenues , or the fees of any Courts of Law , Equity , Admiralty , Ecclesiastical , or other Courts , held or enjoyed by , or in trust for , any Member of this House , his wife , or any of his descendants , for him , or either of them , in reversion of any present interest ; with an account of the annual amount of such Office , Post , Place , Sinecure , Pension , Situation , Fees , Perquisites , and Emoluments ,