was well acquainted with the character of Irishmen , and no character did he ever see more conspicuously marked by benevolence , generosity , and courage : what , then , was it that created in that country those inextinguishable discontents which called so often for the enactment of measures like the present ? It must be something of a nature the most imperious , when it urged men to forego the blessings of civilized society itself , and the advantages of a constitution such as this country boasted of and was blessed with . That was the source of the evil which we were bound to explore ; and , if it was duly explored , the remedy must soon be discovered . The fact was , the great majority of the people of Ireland were deprived of the full enjoyment of the constitution , and they felt themselves injured 991 and degraded by the suspicions which gave rise to that deprivation . Englishmen loved and admired the constitution , because they enjoyed all its benefits ; could it then be fairly expected that the people of Ireland should equally love and admire that constitution , from the full enjoyment of the benefits of which they were debarred ? No , it was not in the nature of things ; it was not in the composition of the human heart indulge them in that fair enjoyment , and their murmurs would be appeased and silenced . As to the tithes , he was happy to think that ministers meditated some measure of relief ; and it so , they so far should have his most cordial support . Would that they might also be brought to discountenance the means by which religious animosities were fomented in Ireland , where , by the principles instilled by the catechisms taught in the charter schools , the infant mind of the Protestant was poisoned with prejudices against the Catholic . Yet those who encourage that system of education , accuse the Catholic of uncharitableness and intolerance # x2014 ; the early vices which they themselves must be conscious they are indulging against those very persons to whom they impute . But was not that the height of uncharitableness ? Was it not refinement of tyranny , a tyranny that fell short of that which characterized that most accomplished of tyrants , Tiberius ? In all that he had said , however , with respect to the exclusion of the Catholics from what he considered their rights , let him not be misunderstood to suppose , that it ought to be a motive on their part for disaffection much less for forming a connection with another country . He could not blame them , under that exclusion , for loving the constitution a little less than the people of this country ; but although their right might be diminished , they would assuredly obtain no rights whatever , by connecting themselves with another country ; they would obtain nothing but a government by the sword . was sorry to hear the language and the sentiments that fell from the noble lord , for they could be productive of no good . Why eternally introduce the claims of the Catholics ? why insinuate that they had reason not to love the constitution , and that at a moment when they enjoyed almost every thing the constitution could bestow ? If the noble lord wised to trace the cause of the discontents in Ireland , he perhaps might find them in 992 this country , and trace them to such speeches as he himself had just made . He might also trace their object to the principles avowed by the leaders of the late rebellion in that country , who avowed themselves to have other objects in view than Catholic emancipation , or parliamentary reform . Against the operation of such principles it was that measures like the present must be adopted ; and perhaps the more frequent enforcement of them might have prevented the spreading of disorder and the mischiefs that sprung from them . He admired much the personal character of the noble