the petition should be proved , it ought , perhaps , to be made the subject of legislative regulation hereafter . But he meant to give no opinion on it at present . He imputed no blame to the metropolitan or his officer . They had not acted without precedent , for it was not the practice for 7 years past to give a reason in cases of rejection . He was happy to see those opposite to him ( the advocate-general , & c. ) who might , perhaps , explain this business . The practitioners of the common law were admitted by the benchers ; but they never rejected without reason , and there lay an appeal to the 12 judges . But the present petitioner had in vain attempted to be heard before any court , and that was the reason that he had now come to parliament for redress . The reason privately assigned for this , for none was publicly assigned , was , that the petitioner was in deacon 's orders . Even if owing to this he was to be considered as a spiritual person , it was not a reason why he should not practise in a court of civil and ecclesiastical law , and more especially as the practice was , till the 37th of Henry the 8th , entirely confined to spiritual persons ; and the chancellorships of the dioceses were still in the hands of spiritual persons . The public had a strong interest in tins case , for it appeared to be decided by a side wind , that persons in deacon 's orders were unqualified for practising in the ecclesiastical court , and that without any legislative provision on the subject . The hon . gent . then adverted to a book written by one of the Civilians , so late as 1804 , which contained a passage , stating that , in 1764 , a person , in deacon 's orders , had applied to archbishop Secker , and was rejected , because it was more agreeable to the doctor 's practising ; and the reason was , that they apprehended the society would become too numerous if this was permitted . Doctors , therefore , appeared to differ on this point ; but this writer seemed to think , that being in deacon 's orders was no objection ; but that the rejection was because it was more agreeable to the actual practitioners , who were apprehensive that the society would become inconveniently numerous . Now , that a gentleman , who had studied at Cambridge , and therefore might be considered as in this instance standing up for the privileges of 1156 the university , should be neglected merely because it might be more agreeable to the society that he should be so , was a point that required some attention from the legislature . They apprehended that the society would become inconveniently numerous . As to that point , there certainly appeared no reason to think that those who were to study 11 years at Cambridge before they were admitted , would incommode the society , supposing that this were an argument worthy of any attention . The power to reject without appeal was too great to be entrusted to any man . This gentleman had gone through all the forms , and if the power of rejection without appeal was to be allowed , the principle would go this length , that not only those who desired to be admitted , but those who were already admitted , would be dependent entirely on the archbishop . But it was said that the archbishop had granted his fiat , without knowing that the petitioner was in deacon 's orders , and withdrew it upon receiving information that this was the case . This , however , was not alledged publicly . All that was alledged was , that the thing was not agreeable to the practising doctors . He had some other things to state , but as he had taken up the time of the house so long , he would finish