of which the house ought to come with a full knowledge of all the circumstances of the case . The noble lord asserted , that the late administration ought to have subsidized and sent troops to the continent . He , on the other hand , asserted , that they ought to have done neither the one nor the other more than they did do . When they came into office , the season was improper for sending out troops , and when the proper season came , was not such aid out of the question ? Could it be hoped , that when the mighty powers of Europe , for some time poised in air , had taken their pitch and direction , any military effort made by this country could avail ? That the continental powers called for our assistance , might be easily supposed ; but when the noble lord asserted that we had given assurances of assistance , and particularly of cavalry , all he could say was , that he did not know that such assurances had been given , and that he did believe that they bad been given . This fact withdrawn , down fell the whole pile of argument which the noble lord had been erecting . `` For , '' said the noble lord , `` you made no preparations to send assistance . '' Very true ; because no assistance had been promised , nor was immediately in view . But the noble lord was surprized why no show of assistance had been made . He would assure the noble lord , not from economical motives ( any more than the discharge of transports , which the noble lord had so fallaciously stated arose from the decision of the late ministry to terminate all communication with the continent ) , but from the consideration that in the state of Europe at that time , it was not wise to make a show , as by such a demonstration the enemy would be put upon their guard , and might be able to defeat objects , otherwise attainable . When the noble lord talked of sending 25,000 men to the armies of Russia and Prussia , the thing was so absurd , that it was unnecessary to answer him . With regard to the army , it had , in point of fact , 1039 grown in the hands of his majesty 's late government , who had left the regular force 8000 , and the general force 10,000 men , stronger than what they received it from their predecessors . Such , by the accounts on the table , was the increase of the army , from March 1806 , to March 1807 , from whatever causes that increase might have arisen . The late administration had been also attacked on their conduct , with regard to Buenos Ayres . The original expedition to that place , though certainly not under the orders of the gentlemen opposite , was undertaken by an officer of their appointment : and whose conduct had since been justified by pretty strong marks of their approbation : for , having been found guilty by a court martial of a very serious offence , he had , as a reward , when fresh from the censure of that court martial , and in mockery of its proceedings , been appointed out of his turn to another and most important command . A most mischievous step , and one fraught with consequences highly dangerous to the interests of the navy ! By this step , however , the noble lord and his colleagues recognized and adopted the attack on Buenos Ayres , and now he had the modesty ( for he would not call it by its proper name ) to accuse the late administration of doing that which , what had been done without their control rendered necessary . As to the transports , the noble lord said , that he ( Mr. W. ) had made a magnificent statement of the many thousand tons of transports taken up by the late administration . All his