the death of sir Boyle Roche had not been filled up , unless it had been by the late ministers . acquainted the house , that , pursuant to the direction of the house , an account had been prepared of all Private Bills pending at the time of the late dissolution , with the several stages in which they were on the 27th of April , and those that were passed , with the exception of receiving the royal assent.— The account was ordered to lie on the table , and ordered to be printed . rose to submit to the house a motion , which he hoped would remove all the inconveniences affecting private bills , arising from the late dissolution of parliament . If , however , the house should estimate more highly than he did those inconveniences , those who had such a superior feeling of them , would , he trusted , be but more strongly compelled to adopt the resolution which went to remedy them . He was sure that those who regarded the dissolution as a crime not to be forgiven , would be disposed to visit the punishment of it wholly upon the advisers , without involving those who were but innocent sufferers . He never had said that the dissolution was not attended with inconvenience : it was merely on a comparison of that inconvenience with the superior importance of the reasons that rendered the dissolution necessary at that precise time , that he defended it . The principal inconveniences complained of were the delay and the additional expense . The delay of two months , he hoped , could not be attended with any material inconvenience ; and as to the expense , it would be obviated in one of its branches by the liberality of the officers , who , according to the precedent established by their former liberality in 1784 , agreed to advance the bills so pending at the dissolution , to their former stages , without any additional fees . It remained only to obviate the expense of agency , and the attendance of witnesses in town . This was the principal object of the resolution he meant to propose , which was to give an instruction to the committee , to which every petition for a private bill should be re- 671 ferred , to inquire whether any petition had already been presented in this late session , from the same parries , on the same subject ; and if so , that the minutes of the evidence , taken before the committee on the former petition , should be evidence before the said committee ; and so , in like manner , with respect to private bills , founded on such petitions , allowing the committees to call for further evidence , if necessary . He hoped that the inconveniences arising from the late dissolution to private business , would be in a great measure done away , by adopting this arrangement . Those who looked upon the dissolution as an evil which nothing could remedy , would not , of course , think this remedy satisfactory . But those who , On the contrary , looked upon it as a necessary appeal to the sense of the country , under the circumstances existing at the time , would be gratified to think that the inconveniences which the appeal occasioned , could be made so light . He concluded with moving a resolution accordingly . was ready to concur in every proper measure to lighten the inconveniences caused by the late dissolution . He , however , wished the house to consider , that to the serjeant at Arms , and others of the officers , the deficiencies of their fees beneath a certain amount was to be made good from the public purse , and this deficiency would of course be increased by remitting the fees . could not reconcile himself to so dangerous a precedent as this , which by presenting a mode for relieving the private inconveniences incident to such a stretch of power , would always render it a matter