but should only state , that as parties ran high in the town , and the numbers were nearly balanced , the delay had been resorted to , in order to give an opportunity to one person , who would not have been of age to vote till the 22d of May , time to attain the proper age to vote . The consequence was a special return with respect to the two other 831 candidates ; he having been the only person actually returned . He should not trouble the house farther at present , on the subject , than by moving , that Mr. Stainforth , messenger of the great seal , who was attending in the lobby , should be called to the bar , to be examined relative to the business . wished to know what breach of privilege the hon . member complained of . said , it was his duty to answer that question . Undoubtedly , any person who detained a writ issued for the election of a member of that house , was guilty of a high crime and misdemeanour , the highest which that house knew , because such conduct had the effect of keeping the representatives of the people , who ought to be in the house , for the time , out of it . was then brought to the bar , and stated , that he had received the writ for Poole a little after twelve o'clock , on the 30th of April , and delivered it within less than two hours after to Mr. Brundrett , chief clerk of Mr. Lowten , for the purpose of being forwarded with all possible expedition to the sheriff of Poole . Mr. Stainforth then withdrew , and Mr. T. Lowten and Mr. Jonathan Brundrett were ordered to attend the house to-morrow . in rising to make his motion , in pursuance of his notice , for a return of the effective strength of the Volunteers , felt it impossible not to participate in the satisfaction of the house and of the public , that a noble lord , whom he did not then see in his place , was to-morrow to bring forward a proposition in which this part of the national force would be adequately provided for . There was a return similar to that he wished to call for before the house , presented in December last , but as he knew that it was inaccurate with respect to three or four regiments , he was sorry that it could not be seen from it how far it was to be depended on . It was peculiarly desirable , in the present situation of the country , to know what was the effective strength of its Volunteer force ; as it was not to be concealed that that force had greatly decreased in consequence of the discouragements which it had met with . He was convinced , however , that the Volunteers were sound at heart , and that , with a little encouragement , they would again fall into their ranks ; and , in the present state of the country , they should look to the Volunteers principally for the defence of the country . He should conclude by moving , 832 that there be laid before the house a return of the effective strength of the Volunteer force of Great Britain and Ireland , distinguishing cavalry from infantry , to the latest period to which the same can be made out . had no objection to the motion , as he thought that every information on this subject should be afforded to the house . But he apprehended that the hon . baronet would be disappointed , if he expected more accurate information in this return than in that which had been laid on the table in December last . The inspecting field-officers had then been done away , and the returns were made by the commanding officers of the corps , without any check on the part of government . These inspecting field-officers had been only just appointed ; and , though they might