magnificence was this fact , that while his majesty 's late ministers parted with the larger class of transports , the three months ' ships , for which they had no immediate use , and which were easily to be got if wanted , they had taken up as many as they could procure of coppered and sheathed ships , which were not to be obtained in a hurry , and in which a sudden demand created a great advance of price , Of this last description they had left , he believed , a greater number than they found , at least such he knew was the comparative state of the transport service not long before his quitting office . He had thought it necessary to say thus much , in answer to the grand flourish of the noble lord , which was calculated to make an impression at a time of the session when it could not be duly met , and which it was , no doubt , hoped would work to the country during the summer . The country , however , would not forget that his majesty 's ministers had 1040 been four months in office , and had been repeatedly , but in vain , called on to bring forward distinct allegations against their predecessors . said , that in affirming that the 9th regiment of dragoons had returned from pursuing its destination , consequence of the state of the transports in winch they had embarked , he was not guilty of mis-statement—they came back to request copper-bottoms . The grand policy of his late right hon . friend ( Mr.Pitt ) was , that there was always , during his administration , every thing in readiness for the immediate embarkation of at least 10,000 men ; a striking instance of that policy , and the good consequences resulting from it , was in the successful expedition of sir David Baird to the Cape ; whereas , on his coining into office , there was not above 11,000 tonnage of copper-bottomed transports . But certainly the policy between the two governments was different , for the right hon . gent . had candidly admitted that his government had no intention whatever of sending out troops to the continent . denied that he had ever made such admission ; what he had said was , that the government had then no immediate intention of sending out troops to the continent , and he had endeavoured to prove that they were then right , in , at that time , acting up to such a policy . As to the transports , there was not a single ship fit for that purpose , that was rejected by the transport office . said , that all who were conversant in the nature of preparing expeditions , must know that copper-bottomed transports , amounting to 10,000 tons , could embark only 4000 men . He had said , that the late ministers left in employ behind them but 11,000 tonnage , and he contended that such was a conclusive proof that the late government had not then in idea any effort for the relief of the continent . said , that if the noble lord took up transports with the same avidity with which he took up facts , the present government could never be deficient in transports . He ( Mr. W. ) could not then speak from memory , and therefore he would not , as the noble lord had done , throw out vague charges and loose assertions ; but he did believe that it was not as the noble lord had so confidently stated ; and admitting the truth of the statement , how 1041 did it affect the question at issue ? At a certain period every thing was out in due readiness for the embarkation of troops to the continent , and therefore the continent was abandoned by the minister of the day ! This mode of arguing might be new as argument , but not new as argument coming from the noble lord . defended the appointment of sir Home Popham