. member then went into a consideration of the Report , to 1152 shew that all the duty laid on sugars , after a certain amount , fell on the planter , and not on the consumer ; and contended that even if the reduction of the duty should not immediately relieve the planter , it would have the effect of increasing the consumption , by which means the market , at present overstocked , might be cleared , and the increase of the consumption would augment the revenue . The employment of sugar in distilleries would also have contributed to the relief of the planters , by adding to the consumption of the article , but the objection that existed against it rendered that impossible . Whilst the market was unrestrained , the price of sugar had kept pace with the rise of the duty , but the contrary had been the case ever since the year 1800 . If the ports of Europe were to be shut against them , the planters would have but the home-market to look to , and what would be their prospect with an import of 100,000l . above the consumption , unless that consumption should be encouraged ? Another remedy suggested in the Report he should not then dwell upon , because he did not wish to force his majesty 's ministers to any premature declaration upon the subject , nor was he disposed to give rise to any discussion which might assume that intemperate tone that characterized the proceedings in another country . He hoped , if a reduction in the duty upon brandy was in contemplation , that it would be accompanied with a reduction of the duty upon rum . On all these grounds he moved a resolution , `` that the house should , early in the next session of parliament , take into consideration the report of the committee on the Commercial State of the West-India colonies . '' jun . seconded the motion . He expressed his conviction of the urgent necessity of the case , and was sorry , that the state of the session would not allow the house to go into it . had no objection to the motion of the hon . gent. , and certainly the handsome and candid manner in which he had brought it forward claimed the attention of the house . For himself , he could answer , that the subject should have his most serious attention . He did not think it necessary to go further into the question then , though he should say , that it was impossible to read the Report without feeling how interesting the subject was from the circumstance of so large a mass of property being involved in 1153 difficulty , not to use any stronger terms . He could therefore assure the hon . gent. , that his majesty 's ministers would not lose any time that could be profitably applied to this subject , and that next session some measure would be brought forward to obviate the difficulties at present existing . was glad to find that the attention of the house was at last directed to West-India interests . The circumstances in which the colonies were placed by the abolition of the slave trade , contrary to the opinion of the planters , gave them a claim upon the legislature . The Report said , that unless some immediate remedy were to be applied , ruin would be the consequence to the West Indies ; but it would be five or six months before any legislative remedy could be applied , and this was one of the circumstances that contradicted that passage , which ministers had introduced into his majesty 's speech at the close of the last session , that the dissolution took place at a time when no material inconvenience to the public business would arise from it . was happy to observe the very candid manner in which this subject had been brought forward , and which was much more calculated to produce an impression on the house , than the use of stronger language