could take place . There is another subject of complaint which appeared to me peculiarly ruinous . When the cry of œconomy was the order of the day in the naval depa 759 the house and the country must be surprized to hear of so singular an application of it as in limiting surgeons necessaries allowed to the navy . Some of the indispensible medicines , too , were cut off . The œconomists of that day seemed to consider the health of men as a thing of trifling account , compared to their favourite principle . So pertinaciously were regulations observed , that although I once sent a lieutenant sick and a seaman ruptured to the Hospital , I could not obtain their admission . The disease of the one was pronounced quite inadmissible , and though sent through sleet and rain , the only day for nearly three weeks in which they could go ashore , they were returned refused , and the country would be astonished , if not indignant , to hear the reason why the man was not admitted , because every thing possible had not been done to reduce the rupture on board , and he had not been hung up by the heels in a rolling sea , in order to reduce the rupture.—Why the evils connected with this system have not been before submitted to parliament and the public , I can not pretend to say . Perhaps gentlemen may have been prevented from exposing it from motives of delicacy or personal interest ; but no such considerations shall restrain me from the performance of a great public duty , to which , from its nature , I feel it peculiarly incumbent upon me to attend . The system of Naval Hospitals presents a variety of grounds to justify censure . In military hospitals , some little luxuries are allowed : to suit delicate stomachs , and to promote the revival of depressed spirits ; and where can such luxuries be more necessary than to seamen , with diseased constitutions , after being eight or nine months living upon salt provisions , at sea . But in naval hospitals , no such luxuries are to be had ; no eggs , no oranges are allowed . I know an instance , in which a lieutenant , who was dangerously ill , was refused a cup of egg wine . The answer was , that no eggs were allowed : the lieutenant died of his disease.—But this regulation is maintained on the ground of economy : indeed , this economy has gone to such a length as to reduce the quantity of lint before allowed to the surgeons . In consequence of which , in many cases , there is not for the purpose of the wounded , one fourth part enough of this article , so material for use , although so trifling in value . This limitation took place under one of those who were appointed by the commander in chief of the channel fleet , whom perhaps it was not necessary for him otherwise to name [ a cry of 760 name , name ] , by earl St. Vincent , observed the noble lord , these appointments were made—and under his regulations the navy has endured the sufferings I have faintly described . Unworthy savings have been unworthily made . Though sheltered by the plea of economy , a greater loss has , I contend , resulted to this country , than can ever be compensated by any savings economy is capable to produce.—I mean in the lives of men destroyed by long cruises and otherwise . Were it possible to consider the value of these lives in a pecuniary view , which I never can , it would require more money to supply the losses sustained by the application of economy in the manner I have described , than can be well imagined . Indeed , the grievances of the navy have been so severe , through rigour and misapplied economy , that I can see nothing in the character of that body more meritorious than the patience