that he should be mast glad that every thing which the late ministers had done , in aid of the powers of the continent , should be submitted to the consideration of the house and the public . It would then be found , that no rational effort but been omitted to draw closer the ties of connexion , and more especially between this country and Russia He would boldly and broadly state this , in answer to any assertions that might be hazarded of an opposite tendency . If ministers countenanced any insinuation of this nature , he hoped they would have the manliness openly to avow it . With regard to subsidies to Foreign powers , he thought that there were occasions in which subsidies , and even large subsidies might be advantageously employed ; but he also thought that it was most impolitic to give subsidies to Foreign powers , for the purpose of drawing them into a war , into which their own inclinations and interests would not induce them to enter . While , therefore , he stated that the late government had neglected no prudent means of cultivating a connexion with the continental powers , he would also state , that in the present circumstances of this country , and of the world , due care should be taken that any assistance which might be afforded to foreign powers , should not be afforded to those by whom it could not be used at all , or to those by whom it would be misapplied . It was indispensibly incumbent on us to weaken as little as possible the means which we possessed of supporting a protracted contest , ( for his majesty 's speech had put an end to all apprehension 625 of a separate peace ) ; after 14 years of expensive war , this country had reason to expect that the continent would take a share of its burthens , which its own defence renderer necessary . His majesty 's speech contained a paragraph which lamented the rupture between Great Britain and Turkey ; and another , which related to the unfortunate events by which it was followed . No one could regret more than he did the causes which produced a division between two powers , whose interests ought to be deemed inseparable . But he asked the hon . gentlemen opposite , if in the manner the subject was mentioned in the speech , it was intended to insinuate in the remotest degree , that the unfortunate rupture with the Porte was to be attributed to the late ministers ? He deprecated the mode of introducing this topic into the speech in such a manner , that it could not be discussed without involving in the discussion the conduct of Russia . The late administration were placed in this dilemma , either to suffer the great unfairness which must result from abstaining from any defence , or to defend themselves by calling into question the conduct of Russia , our best ally . As to Turkey , was it meant to be inferred that the late government had asked too much or too little ? Whenever the documents ( of which his majesty 's present ministers were possessed ) should be produced , nothing would be found in them inconsistent with the policy of union , moderation , and good faith to Russia and the Porte . Was it meant to charge the late ministry with misconduct on this head ? Aye , or No ? If so , let there be an inquiry . There were modes of inquiry which prevented disclosures inimical to the public interest ; the appointment of a Secret Committee would obviate every difficulty of that nature . If a charge were meant to be made , he owned he was surprised that the charge should proceed from the throne ; he deeply regretted the failure of our arms which had been alluded to , but notice of such a failure was totally unprecedented in a speech from the king . After the affairs of the Helder and Ferrol , on the loss of