the address and against the amendment . was sorry to hear the name of the sovereign brought forward in the discussions of that house , a thing which should never be done without absolute necessity . He thought the late dissolution a very great interruption to private as well as public business in that house ; and he took occasion to observe , without saying who was the cause of it , that the cry of `` No Popery , '' was an infamous one . adverted to what had been said on the subject of lord Melville 's trial . That noble lord had been punished , and twice unjustly . He was punished before trial , which nobody could dispute was unjust . He was punished after he was acquitted , which was equally unjust ; this he meant to refer to what had been said of that noble lord , under the authority of the late administration . He thought that the most prominent , as well as the most beautiful part of our constitution , was the administration of justice under it ; but even that had not restrained the party rage of the late administration . The impeachment of that noble lord had been carried on by party , aided by no inconsiderable share of personal vanity ; 651 and under that impression certain gentlemen acted , or they never would have become prosecutors.— reminded the hon . general that he had transgressed the boundaries of order , in imputing unworthy motives to any hon . member of that house . was happy to find the address now before the house unobjectionable , for it had been objected to , and the amendment was brought forward on the part of the late administration , to censure the conduct of the present ; when they , the late administration , dared not bring forward any one measure of their own while in power ; for this opinion he appealed to the house , whether that was not the view of the motion for this amendment , whether it did not relate purely to what passed formerly , and which , whether right or wrong , could not now be altered , and therefore there could be no good in discussing it ? And yet , such was the course which was recommended to us by opposition , at a time when the map of Europe was only another word almost for the map of France ; thus it was proposed that the time of the house should be taken up in hearing contests for places and power . Much had been said about the secret advisers of the crown ; he wished to know whether it was to be contended that it was unconstitutional for the king ever to have any adviser who was unknown to the house of commons ; or would they call his majesty to the bar of that house on any subject in which his adviser was unknown ? If that was constitutional doctrine , it was unknown to him . Conduct had been observed that was infamous , as a noble lord had elegantly expressed it . Now , as to Ireland , he would venture to say , that as to political Matters , that description was much more applicable to the late than to the present administration . And as to what had been said of the family at Wexford , whose name , from the pronunciation of the noble lord , he did not understand , he would invite the noble lord to look at the last election but one for Wexford , and there he would find the conduct of the late administration in its true light . I will ask , said the hon . gent. , the noble lord not to interfere in any of our concerns in Ireland ; we are friends of peace , and I therefore advocate the non-advocating of the noble lord . As to what had been said by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Grattan ) he had told the house that ministers , on the subject