a pledge that you will take into your consideration not the property of the Irish , but their allegiance , liberty , and right—when I look at America , but in mentioning that country I should be sorry if understood at all to speak in terms ill calculated to encourage a disposition to surrender that privilege which we can not surrender , without abandoning power arid importance—when I have thus reviewed the state of our colonies , connections , and allies , and find the appearance so gloomy , is it unreasonable that I should ask you to look at your statute book , and to study the means of conciliating the alliance of your own subjects ? While such menacing danger hangs over us , I can not without serious pain reflect upon the manner in which you employ yourselves—one party charging the other , and vice versâ— '' you did that job '' — '' No , but you did worse , '' — '' My plan raised more recruits than your 's '' — '' No , but it did not . '' As if men were recruiting for a wager , and the only object of debate was to criminate each other . I can not patiently think of such petty squabbles , while Buonaparté is grasping the nations—while he is surrounding France , not with that iron frontier , for which the wish and childish ambition of Louis the 14th was so eager , but with kingdoms of his own creation—securing the gratitude of higher minds as the hostage , and the fears of others as pledges for his safety . His are no ordinary fortifications . His Martello towers are his allies—crowns and sceptres are the pallisadoes of his entrench- 1199 merits , and kings are his centinels.—In such a state of the world then , and with such an enemy , viewing this country as the almost remaining object of his ambition to destroy—surely the policy of looking to all the means of strengthening yourselves is too obvious to require comment . Let me then exhort you to consider the means of rendering that country really serviceable to you . I have heard of subsidies . Your subsidies to Prussia were considerable in amount , and yet quite unproductive in effect . Why do n't you subsidize Ireland ? And all the subsidies I ask for her is your confidence , affection and justice to her people . These , I call on you to grant before it be too late . If you refuse to see the danger that menaces , and will not consider in due time about the means which I propose to you for providing against it , it is a bad symptom . The first character of courage is to look at danger with a dauntless eye , and the next to combat it with a dauntless heart . If with this resolution we front our dangers , history will do justice to our feelings and character , whatever may be the exertions or the success of the formidable tyrant who would destroy us , or of those who succeed to his power and his views . The honest historian will not fail to yield a just tribute to our reputation . If faithful to ourselves , if united , we shall in these two little islands , to which , as to an altar , freedom has flown for refuge , be able to fight with all the valorous fury of men defending a violated sanctuary.—The right hon . gent . then concluded with moving `` That this house will immediately , on the meeting of the ensuing session of parliament , proceed to take into their most serious and solemn consideration , the State and Condition of Ireland , in the anxious hope , that such measures and remedies may be safely adopted , in regard to the discontents alleged to exist in that country , as may render unnecessary the continuance of those provisions which the legislature of the united kingdom has deemed it expedient reluctantly to adopt at the close of the present session