, while there were no British ships ready to convey them . In every point of view he could not help thinking that government had acted wisely in continuing the provisions of the bill ; and he should therefore move , that the bill to indemnify them for so doing be now read a second time . said , that after the sentiments he had already expressed respecting the subject of the breach of the law by issuing the order of council , he could not , without incurring the imputation of inconsistency , agree to the passing of this bill of indemnity . He fully concurred in that part of his noble friend 's speech , in which he stated that no money could be levied in this country , without the consent and approbation of parliament . His noble friend , however , went a little farther , and contended that though the law was broken by the crown , no higher duties were levied than it was authorized to collect . Now , it did appear , from a paper which had been laid on their lordships ' table , not above three minutes ago , that a system more favourable to the commerce of America , had been adopted , than would have been , if the laws had been observed . His lordship here referred to the document , to shew that in various instances , higher and lower duties had been levied , than the act for continuing the provisions of the former treaty authorized . The order of council remitted the duties upon some articles , 771 while it increased them upon others . It was not to he denied , that both of these were contrary to law , and that they could be only justified by the extreme necessity of the case . But what proof had ministers , either by , documents or by their speeches , afforded the house that any such necessity existed ? Were they not , he would ask , aware that it would soon be necessary to renew the act for continuing the former treaty with America ? .Why , then , convinced as they must have been of that necessity , did they dissolve the last parliament ? Parliament , which bad not the grounds of the dissolution before it , was not bound to take into consideration the necessity which might have existed for that measure . The dissolution of 1784 was justified by the dispute which then arose between the two houses of parliament . That was an unhappy incident in the legislative proceedings of this country , which would always bear out the sovereign in the exercise of his , prerogative , and in appealing to the people . But did any such necessity exist for the dissolution of the last parliament ? The convenience of ministers was not in itself sufficient grounds , and he had never hear any other , for that most rash , dangerous and imprudent measure , than which , in all these respects , a greater had never been committed . It was not his custom to dwell upon the dangers and difficulties the country . It had never been his practice to aggravate calamity , or to utter in his place in parliament , any sentiments which might lead to despondency or despair . On the contrary , he always wished to keep alive , not merely the principle of hope , but the principles of resolution and , steadiness , because it was these principles , and these alone , which could enable us to bear up against the dangers with which we might at any time be threatened . He wished , therefore , before he sat down , to draw the attention , of their lordships to what had fallen from a noble viscount . He trusted , that in the most critical period at which this country ever arrived , its security would not rest upon partial and temporary measures . It was desirable that all the resources , strength , energy , and spirit of the country should be