visitor of Maynooth college , a conduct that appeared to him to evince a culpable carelessness and levity . said , that the noble lord had charged him with levity . He asked that noble lord if there was a document to produce to the house which could substantiate the claim now made upon it , and if there was not , he would say that the noble lord , in charging him with levity , had been guilty not only of levity but ignorance . He contended that no such document could be found . did not think the right hon . gent . could satisfy the house of his diligence in office by evading the charge of negligence , in resorting to such pitiful excuses . would not call such language unparliamentary , but he would pronounce it pitiful . left it to the house to determine : the right hon . gent . had said , he could not find any document . He then said , he did not say he had made any enquiry ; and he now said , that he did not say , he had not made an enquiry : if such was to be the candour and intelligence of the Irish chancellor of the exchequer , he could not congratulate that country on the appointment . said a few words against the policy of continuing the grant in future . He had been present at all the former debates on the subject and had not heard of these documents . He disapproved of the wanton and unprovoked asperity with which the noble lord had treated his right hon . friend . congratulated the late administration on the honourable testimony they had received from the gentleman who had just sat down : that gentleman had been present at all the former discussions upon 827 this subject , yet such was his confidence in the virtue of the late ministers , that he never once felt himself called upon to deliver his sentiments upon the present subject : [ A laugh : ] but now when men had succeeded , for whom they both felt such a distrust , his patriotic jealousy at once put an end to that silent and according acquiescence to the judgments and sentiments of honester men . said , that certainly the diligent and punctual attendance of his right hon . friend to his parliamentary duties , in the last sessions , [ a laugh , ] enabled him to remember accurately all that then passed in that house . Unfortunately , however , he ( Col . B . ) had spoken on that subject , though he did not expect , nor indeed , did it appear , that it had made any great impression on his right non , friend . said in answer , that if he had not been as vigilant and anxious in his attention to his parliamentary duties during the last sessions as he usually was , it was owing to nothing but his unbounded confidence in the late administration . [ A laugh . ] denied that the late administration had manifested any solicitude to promote the interests of the Protestant religion in Ireland . On the contrary , he had to state that a bill which he introduced , at the instance of several of the archbishops and bishops of Ireland , to enforce the residence of the clergy , and which bill was a transcript of that brought forward in this country by sir W. Scott , was discountenanced by that administration , and in consequence rejected . What the administration to which he referred had done for the benefit of the established church in Ireland , he had yet to learn . had no idea that the disinclination of the late government to countenance a measure brought forward by the learned doctor was likely to depreciate the character of that government , either in England or Ireland . Therefore he did not think it necessary to make any attempt at vindicating himself or his colleagues against the learned doctor 's accusation . observed , that gentlemen ,