disaffected ; on the contrary , he joined with his right hon . friend in the belief that they were generally loyal and firmly attached to the government of this country . It was not , however , sufficient to say that particular counties were undisturbed . Mr. justice Fox , he had no doubt , was very right in what he had said of the counties of Tipperary , Wexford , and Kilkenny , but there might be discontented parties in other quarters , which were sufficient to justify the extraordinary powers given by the bills lately passed . His right hon . friend had stated that the people of Ireland were in a state of perfect tranquillity , and that a person of the highest authority , in another place , had given it as his opinion that the Arms bill was unnecessary . That high authority might think so , but he could not agree with him on that head . The great 1203 object of the Arms bill seemed not to be fully understood ; it had in view the disarming , not the great mass of the people , but certain portions of them who were rebels , and who went about the country to the houses of farmers , and gentlemen who were known to have arms , and plundered them of the same , to use them for rebellious purposes , and one of the chief objects of the bill was to take from those robbers the power of doing that . Another object of the act was to prevent compulsory oaths from being administered , and other matters which tended to promote and diffuse insurrection . Was it oppression to check such a banditti in their career—the career that must finally arm them against all law and social order ? He did not think it was , and he therefore voted for the enaction of the Irish Arms bill . But , it had been his crime too , to vote for the Insurrection act . He had done so , and he did not think he ever should have cause to regret that vote . It did go to suspend the constitution , but its operation was confined to a state of rebellion only ; that is , an aweful emergency alone was to render its application necessary . The remedy was violent—granted—but the evil was deadly . The trial by jury , however , was not even in rebellion to be abolished , and the judicium parium was justly considered equivalent to any such emergency ; with all this he was ready to admit that the remedy was unconstitutional . But at the same time he felt that it was necessary . It was no new or sudden remedy ; the first insurrection act had originated with the late lord Kilwarden , chief judge of the king 's bench in Ireland . He had drawn it up , and that person was no enemy to the established laws of his country , for at his death he had announced his wish that his murderers should be brought to justice by the law of the land only , and not by any extraordinary means of intervention . A still greater authority had supported the principle of the bill , the late lord Yelverton , viscount Avenmore , then the chief baron of the exchequer . That great constitutional lawyer had approved of the principle of this bill upon the ground of its urgent necessity . He spoke in the Irish house of lords in favour of the principle in 1796 , in 1797 he supported the principle , and in 1798 proved that he was not wrong in supporting it . But , as to men yet living , they were not without authority : the late attorney-general for Ireland was known enough even in that house to be there the authority he was 1204 so justly in his own country ; he had approved of the principle ; the solicitor general for Ireland had approved of the principle of the bill—a man , perhaps , of the first genius in