, and had he not succeeded , his name would have been a bye-word among the people , and among those of his own profession in particular . He thought that he deserved from the country which he had so much benefited , a sum of money that would enable him to live in a state of ease , affluence , and independence , for the remainder of his days . He should therefore propose , as an amendment , that instead of the words 10,000l . those of 20,000l . be inserted . He assured the house , that though he had spoken warmly on the subject , he was not at all acquainted with Dr. Jenner , nor any of his immediate connexions , but was actuated by a thorough conviction in his own mind that the doctor was fully entitled to this additional remuneration . The hon . and learned gent . concluded by moving his amendment . most cordially seconded the motion . spoke in favour of the amendment . He said , he thought , in such a case as this , the house should have regard to what had been done in former cases of original discoveries . In that of the discovery of the longitude , they had offered 20,000l. , and he was of opinion , that for a more extensive and more advantageous discovery , they should not think of voting a lesser sum . said , he was one of those who , on a former occasion , had voted for the lesser sum , because he wished , as far as they were compatible , to act at the same time on the principles of liberality and economy . An hon . gent . had said , that this differed from all other discoveries , because it came out at once matured and ripe for practice ; this he believed to be truly correct , for a medical friend of his 1013 had assured him , that he had received a particular account of this discovery from Dr. Jenner 10 years before he made it known to the public ; which shewed that he had not suffered himself to be hurried on by any private advantage , but had wisely deferred bringing it forward till it was in a state which was susceptible of immediate and general practice . If he had brought it out for his own private advantage. , he might unquestionably have made a fortune by it ; but he was above such self-interested considerations , and , from the first publication of it , he was always desirous to instruct every practitioner how to proceed with the best prospect of success . Dr. Jenner himself had never experienced any failure in his practice , though others had ; but that was not to be wondered at , when it was considered what vast numbers of apothecaries and other practitioners there were throughout the country , and how very different and unequal their abilities in the profession . Dr. Jenner had thrown the discovery at once before the public , which had rapidly been conveyed to all countries , and , from the simplicity and perspicuity of the process recommended by him , in the short space of ten years , it had been spread to all parts of the habitable globe . It had made its way , and was universally adopted in Turkey , in the East Indies , and the immensely extensive territories of China ; in all which it had met with the most unexampled success , and had saved the lives of millions of people in those various populous countries . If Dr. Jenner had acted thus generously and thrown himself on the liberality of the public , he ought to be rewarded ; and that such reward might be commensurate to his merit , he should be for the larger sum , and support the amendment ; but , if it should meet the approbation of the committee , he owned he would rather prefer a farther amendment of his own , and propose , that an annuity of 1000l