body who might be appointed by magistrates , such as had been described , persons from whom arms were taken had nobody to look to for restitution . He considered that all the arms so surrendered should be deposited in certain places in the county , and restored when the troubles were over . considered that it would be unsafe to convey those arms through a disturbed country , to such appointed places for keeping them , and did not know how actions could be brought against a district . although he had not disapproved at first of the principle of the clause , yet after what he had heard from his right hon . friend , he conceived it his duty to oppose it.—The clause was then negatived . then proposed , as an amendment , that instead of two years being mentioned as the duration of it , it should be one year . observed , that the motion was not regular in that stage of the bill , as it would be an amendment upon an amendment . then said , that he should propose it on the third reading of the bill , and he considered it of such importance , that unless some such amendment were agreed to , he might perhaps think it necessary to take the sense of the house upon the bill itself . As the bill had now been much altered by the various amendments , he moved that it should be printed in its amended form . had no objection to the printing the amended bill , in order to give the fullest information to the members , but he would not pledge himself to postpone the third reading later than Monday , even if the bill should not be then printed.—The bill was ordered to be printed . rose to ask , whether it was the intention of his majesty 's ministers to make any communication to parliament on a circumstance which was at present the subject of much conversation , he meant the report of hostilities having actually commenced be- 927 tween this country and the United States of America ? He should rejoice to hear that the report was untrue ; and if that was the case , he was sure the noble lord on the opposite side ( lord Hawkesbury ) would be glad to have this opportunity afforded him of contradicting it ; but if so great a calamity had really taken place , he trusted that his majesty 's ministers would lose no time in laying before parliament the grounds of the dispute between the two countries . Indeed , he trusted that parliament would in this case insist upon having full information , and that so unfortunate an event had not occurred without ministers having done every thing in their power to avoid it . said , that the only answer he could give was , that he had no authority to make any communication at present on the subject to which the noble lord had alluded . That noble lord , however , did him no more than justice when he supposed that every thing had been done on the part of his majesty 's ministers to avoid so unfortunate a result as hostilities between this country and the United States of America . No one could lament that event more than he would , if it should take place ; but in that case he should certainly feel it his duty to lay before parliament , at as early a period as possible , every information which would be necessary for them to form an opinion on the subject . Their lordships , however , he was sure , must be sensible of the impropriety of any premature communication , and therefore would nut expect any from him at this moment . in explanation observed , that it was not his wish to urge his majesty 's ministers to any premature communication . He was only anxious to take the first opportunity of expressing his sense of the calamity which was said to have occurred , and his hope that parliament