fact was , it had put an end to itself . The question now was , shall we break up a solid system for the sake of gaining a temporary advantage ? —Where was the emergency which rendered such an injurious measure necessary ? —A word or two now as to the volunteers . There was no system which owed its existence to zeal alone , that could 966 long maintain any thing like a constant number . Take away their zeal , take away the impression of the moment , by which alone zeal could be excited , and they would dwindle in point of numbers , as well as sink into complete inattention and indierence . He would still maintain , that the volunteers under the present system , could never be made to display to advantage that spirit and energy which individually , no doubt , the greatest part of them possessed . Even with the assistance of the sinister attempts of the hon . gentlemen opposite , their physical strength and moral courage could never be brought into action in a way to tell as they ought to do . Before he concluded , he could not help remarking to the house , as one characteristic of the system which he had been concerned in , that there was not a job in it from one end to the other . He should certainly have been as happy as the hon . gent . to have provided for old , worn out , and meritorious officers , by recommending them to appointments under the volunteer system . He claimed as merit to himself , that such was his feeling ; but he claimed likewise as merit , that he had , in compliance with what he thought his public duty , suppressed the institution ( the inspecting field-officers ) , by which opportunities would have been afforded him for that purpose . The hon . gent . looked to a far better fortune . They restored the means of their own patronage and hoped at the same time to be applauded for what they had done . He charged the opposite side of the house with having not only taken advantage , when they came into office , of the cry of `` no popery , '' but of having turned the cry of `` no volunteers '' also to some advantage . When the general election came on , they appealed to the volunteers , telling them they had been degraded and insulted by their predecessors ; but now was the time to shew their loyalty , by voting for ministers and their friends , and they would , in return , restore them to their former splendour . thought that there was no ground for supposing that the present measure would completely counteract the operation of the plan of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) ; occasions would frequently occur in which it would be necessary to make an exertion for procuring a considerable accession of force ; but such emergencies could only produce a temporary obstruction to the measure , and would 967 by no means subvert it , as had been maintained . He , however , could not approve of the present plan , and in particular objected to it on the ground that while it called for a supply of force from the militia , it proposed to fill up the deficiency created by an immediate ballot . He thought that the proceeding implied an opinion in those who proposed it , that the militia was not a proper force for home defence , for it was for home defence only the present measure could be thought necessary , as the country already possessed a sufficient force for foreign service . could not forbear making a few observations even at that late hour of the night . He lamented to meet with such opposition from different quarters , and on such different grounds . Some did not think the emergency so urgent as others , and therefore were for adopting no measure at all . Some