poor , provided it was coupled with religious instruction . He objected also to this measure , on account of its expense . objected to the amendment , as tending to render the measure itself perfectly nugatory . The Chancellor of the Exchequer professed himself a warm friend to the moral and religious instruction of the poor ; but he thought that , by adopting the amendment of his hon . friend , the house would part with the measure for the session in a state infinitely preferable to that in which it would otherwise be . He agreed with an hon . baronet , that it was not advisable to couple proselytism with education ; but he hoped that no fear of being suspected of such an intention would ever induce the house to separate religion from education ; for he was convinced , that by a religious education alone , the people could be made good subjects , and their happiness be established.—After some further discussion , a division took place ; For the amendment 33 Against it 12 Majority 21 The compulsory clause was therefore lost.— On the re-admission of strangers to the Gallery , we found , speaking against the bill . He said , he could never admit the justice of laying such an impost as two millions a year , the amount of the charge according to his 859 own calculation , upon one class of the community , namely , the landed interest of the country , to educate another class . But whatever advantage , in the way of morality , might arise to the poor from learning to read , he could see neither utility nor morality in teaching them writing and arithmetic , and he begged that gentlemen would just turn to the preamble , and substitute the words `` writing '' and `` arithmetic , '' in place of the Word `` instruction , '' and see how the matter would then bear in their own minds , as to the feasibility of the position , `` Whereas great advantages to the lower orders are likely to arise from teaching them writing and arithmetic . '' immediately rose . He said , the hon . gent . had attempted to cast a degree of ridicule upon the preamble and the intent of the bill , which , in his opinion , it did not deserve . The hon . gent . asked , would any man say , after considering the principle in the way he had put it , whether morals were likely to be improved by writing and arithmetic ? He ( Mr. W. ) was the man that would now stand forward , and answer , that they would ; and he was ready to vindicate his opinion , but should be glad to hear the hon . gent . defend his own . He would assert , without fear of contradiction from any rational man , that writing and arithmetic , so far as they tended to exercise and improve the human understanding , tended also to improve morality ; and that every vestige of knowledge , in progression from the humblest to the highest and most refined , operated proportionably to the improvement of morality amongst mankind.— After some farther discussion , the bill was gone through , reported forthwith , ordered to be printed as amended , and to be taken into further consideration on Monday next . presented a petition from John Alcock , esq. , praying for an enlargement of the term for entering into recognizances on the petition complaining of an undue return for the borough of Lancaster , on the ground of the indisposition of one of the sureties . He then moved , that the time of entering into recognizances be enlarged to Monday next . Sir J. Newport and Mr. P. Moore opposed the motion , on the ground that the time had passed for presenting such petitions . Mr. Dent pledged himself in a few days to bring before the house a scene of iniquity on 860 this subject of a very extraordinary nature . After