It , therefore , became an indispensible measure . Was there a similar reason now ? No . Had there existed any difference between the two houses , regard- 603 ing the confidence in his majesty 's present ministers ? No . There was no idea entertained of withdrawing public confidence from ministers . The alarm was therefore ill-founded . Was it not dangerous to expose parliament to the contempt or derision of the people , by a dissolution for which there was no cause , whether considered as to manner or time ? Certainly . The more confidence the people reposed in parliament , the greater became the respectability of parliament . One noble lord had spoken in favour of annual parliaments ; but such a dissolution as that lately experienced was even shorter than annual parliaments—scarcely half of that period . He was a friend to rational liberty , but he was an enemy , to every measure which would tend to the introduction of anarchy or confusion . Annual parliaments might in the minds of some men have their attractions ; but he , for his part , was not friendly to such a system of representation . Annual parliaments would not only be troublesome and burthensome to the people , but by no means productive of the advantages which were promised from the imaginations of some projectors . He denied the truth of a noble lord 's hypothesis , that the dissolution of 1806 was no more justifiable than that of 1807 . If seriously and gravely asked what period he would sooner select than that of any other for the dissolution , he would answer , that of the year 1806 , because the minds of the people were not in a state of fermentation from the agitation of any particular measure . From every view of the dissolution of the year 1806 , he had not only no cause to regret it , but was confident the act was approved of universally . With regard to the postponement of the private business by the last dissolution , ministers had been guilty of a gross breach of faith with individuals . If ancient forms be necessary in the conduct of parliament , why was the latter taken by surprize ? Why supersede the common usages of parliament ? If forms or usages be outraged , there is not only an end at once of parliament , but an end of the responsibility of ministers . Such wanton abuse of power not only called aloud for condemnation , but also for reform . His lordship , among the enumeration of several acts which had severely suffered by the interruption in consequence of the dissolution of parliament , mentioned the measure which he had the honour of proposing for the better administration of justice in Scotland . It , had been universally acknowledged 604 by intelligent men , that abuses existed in the administration of justice there , which ought to be reformed . The bill to which he alluded , he proposed to submit again to the consideration of their lordships in the course of a few days . Let ministers then take care of their characters , for he would do his duty . Among other gross inconveniences which would arise from the dissolution , was the serious interruption or blow which the revenue of Ireland would receive . The bill for the management of that revenue expired on the 5th of July . The revenue must either cease to be raised , or those concerned in its collection , must be guilty of a violation of the constitution . Another criminal violation of law and the constitution arose from a certain act between America and this country being now about to expire : the duties , therefore , on shipments of goods from America to this country , could not by law be collected . Did ministers know that the act expired on the 1st of July ? They ought not surely to plead ignorance , as a reference to the expiring acts on the journals of the house of commons would inform them