the counties of Clackmannan and Kinross ; and also of the warrant granting a pension to lord Cullen , one of the senators of the college of justice ; together with copies of all representations and official correspondence relating thereto . was desirous , that the letters and applications of the Sheriffs Depute for these counties should be laid before the house . Without meaning to throw any imputation on the respectable individuals who had occupied the new offices , he termed their appointment an unnecessary or wanton expense . To prove this , he entered into a history of the sheriffs depute of Scotland ; they were divided into 5 classes ; each class receiving a salary proportionate to its labour ; by the new arrangements , the sheriff of Sutherland , who was placed in the last class but one , because no peculiar difficulty attended his situation , was to receive a higher salary than some of those in the first class . The sheriffs of Stirling and Fife had , it seems , resigned , to gave an opportunity for the new arrangements . He would like to know if they were not solicited to do so . With respect to the pension granted to lord Cullen , he would not follow the learned gent . in his detail on that subject , but he was surprised that if it was thought advisable to take such a step , it was not done in such a manner as to preclude the necessity of bringing it under the consideration of the house of common . He concluded by some severe remarks on the creation by his majesty 's late ministers of two new professorships in the University Of Edinburgh—that of Medical Jurisprudence , and that of Military Surgery . defended the institution of the two new professorships . There was scarcely a college on the continent , which had not long had a professor of medical jurisprudeuce , and the advantages of having a distinct professor of military surgery were obvious . declared , that a more honest , upright , and able judge than Mr. Williamson , the Sheriff Depute of Stirling , could not exist . He happened to be with him when he received a letter from lord Spencer , requiring him to resign , protempore , in order that a distinct sheriff might be appointed for Clackmannan . Mr. Williamson declared to him , that such an appointment was wholly unnecessary , and exclaimed , in his Northern dialect , `` Gude God , Maister Johnstone , did you ever see sic a job ! '' ( A laugh . ) With respect to the pension granted to lord Cullen , the reversion . to Mrs. Cullen was a gross insult to the morals and feelings of the people of Scotland . never heard of the least necessity for the appointment of the new sheriffs . As to lord Cullen 's pension , the character of that learned lord certainly stood very high ; but when he was thus selected from a body of men , and shewn peculiar indulgencies , he thought if indispensible that more specific grounds should be stated for such a measure than what had hitherto been advanced . defended the appointment of the sheriffs . The question was not , whether the sheriffs of Stirling and Fife declared that there was nothing to do in Clackmannan and Kinross , but whether the people of Clackmannan and Kinross were satisfied with the sheriffs not coming there to do any thing for them . He had never understood that lord Cullen was a very particular friend to the last administration , and he could not therefore see the justice of imputing the grant which he had received to party motives . Adverting to the arguments urged by a learned lord against the appointment of the two new professorships at Edinburgh , he observed , that similar arguments might have been applied with equal force against the appointment of Dr. Blair , as Regius Professor of the Belles Lettres ; or of Dr. Walker , as Regius Professor of Natural History