, if the clamour which has been raised , if the outcry which has been circulated of the danger arising from the catholic bill be in any part , or to any extent , justified , that has been substantial danger to your establishment , to your army , to your religion , for , the last 14 years . Nay , your country has , for that period , been in a great degree defended by those whom the alleged supporters of Church and State have presumed to represent as their country 's enemies . If has been their constant and unceasing cry , that ruin , inevitable ruin , would be the consequence of repealing the disqualifying statutes against the Irish catholics . Let us examine the validity of this apprehension , and ascertain the length to which it , runs . If ruin be the consequence of Catholic indulgence , then I answer , you must retrace your steps , you must undo what the king 645 and . the parliament have already enacted for Catholic liberation , you must again recur to your penalties , and annul your grants . For by such a reasoning , to this inference we must come , that if the hon . gentlemen , the friends of Church and State , refuse to repeal those grants , they must give up their argument , and if they repeal them , they must abandon their army . For , however it has been the interest of those who opposed the Catholic bill , as introduced by my noble friend , to misrepresent it , yet in their face , and in the face of this house , I assert , that the measure introduced in the last parliament did not go one step farther , either in its provisions , or its extension , than the Irish bill of 1793 . The case is plainly this , that in opposing the late bill , you admit this strange principle , that disloyalty does not exist amidst the lower classes of the Catholic Multitude , but that it does pervade the higher and more respectable description of that persuasion . They are already tolerated , it will be said ; they are permitted to enjoy the full exercise of their religious feelings . This , I say , is not sufficient , nor is it the proper or enlarged view of that great and important subject . The Catholics of Ireland are identified with the constitution of the empire . They are our equals , our brethren , fully entitled to the participation of civil rights , and the enjoyment of constitutional blessings . When , therefore , we are told , that they exist by sufferance , we are giving ear to an opinion which attacks a fundamental branch of the state and of the national security . The measure of the Union between the two countries made no change between the relative rights of the people . It made no alteration nor admitted of any infringement in the existing claims of the Irish subjects . You took the Irish Catholic with his privileges , and can now find no pretext for destroying them . The dangers which have been attributed to this measure ; are chimerical ; if they are real , they go to destroy the treat organization of your military system . Indeed the argument is , so false , that no drunken boaster , or corporation orator , with all their prejudices or their passions , could seriously give utterance to these alarms , which have been both mentioned and propagated by some apparently great politicians . For reasons , even they are inclined to admit that the bill was innoxious but that the minister who propounded it was dangerous . The , noble lord ( Castlereagh ) and the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Canning ) could not consistently with 646 their former conduct and recorded pledges ; war with the principle , they therefore have directed their present hostility against the minister ; who had the sincerity to act upon that principle . The