men had been sent out under general Craufurd to America . These troops , from the manner in which the expedition had been conducted , had been nine mouths at sea . The troops which had been employed in foreign service , were the best of the British army . There was an army likewise in the Mediterranean , from which the expedition to Egypt had been detached . That expedition he felt it difficult to appreciate , nor should it have his approbation , unless it could be proved to him , that under all the circumstances of the case the project was well concerted and the force dispatched fully adequate to its object . From the circumstances he had stated , it appeared that a recruit for the army was necessary . The regular force in Great Britain and Ireland at present , was 15,000 less than even last year . It would be obvious how necessary it was in the present situation of the world , to concentrate the British army in these Islands with all possible expedition . As that was impracticable with respect to the distant troops , he agreed to the use of the ballot 878 to raise a considerable force ; but he thought the ballot should be employed to raise an army of reserve , which would be disposable for the protection of Ireland , rather than to recruit the militia . The Army of Reserve act , and the other defensive measures which he had formerly brought forward , were only so many great steps towards making the country a military nation . He had long been a militia officer , but should not suffer his natural partiality for one branch of the military establishment , to prevent him from stating his opinion on it freely as a part of the whole . The militia had done much service , but was not now adequate to the object of its establishment , for it was not numerous enough . The number of the militia had been calculated upon the exigency of the wars in which this country had been heretofore engaged , and was consequently inadequate to the present crisis . A much smaller establishment was sufficient , when the most formidable expedition that could be equipped against any country , in 1744 , which was composed of 30,000 troops , under Marshal Saxe , assembled at Boulogne , than under all the circumstances of the present war . Besides , the war had continued now 14 years with little intermission , and the officers of the militia , who had submitted to considerable privations and inconvenience , in order to make themselves soldiers , would not be disposed to continue during a war , of which they saw no end . He did not think it therefore possible that proper officers could be obtained for the militia during such a length of time . There were at present 56 second battalions in the country , which generally did not consist of more than 250 men each . It would , of course , be necessary to send 750 men to each to complete them , and all the men which were proposed to be got from the militia would not be sufficient to complete 36 of them . He should , therefore , propose that the remaining twenty should be added to the nine garrison battalions that were nearly complete , and that then the ballot should operate to fill those 29 garrison battalions . The advantage that he would propose from this would be , that instead of 25,000 men gained for the regular army for the defence of the country , there would be 46,000 . As to the objection of his noble friend , that the ballot for the reserve would be productive of expence , by raising the price of substitutes , he was sure his noble friend must have been misinformed 879 upon that head , because undoubtedly the ballot for the reserve in the former instance , had not the effect of raising the bounties for substitutes for the militia . As to the