to that effect . was extremely glad , that up on further consideration the right hon . gent . had thought it wise to abstain from a measure that must naturally have proved of the most dangerous and mischievous tendency ; nor could he think , that the right hon . gent . had so satisfactorily accounted for this change of opinion . rose to order , and submitted to the noble lord if would not be better to postpone all observations of that nature until the question was regularly before the house , as , if such proceeding was admitted , the gentlemen on the other side would feel themselves justified in even being irregular while answering to such irregularities . proceeded to observe upon the right hon . gent 's statement ; the right hon . gent . objected to the additional grant the other day , and now assented to it , be cause he had learned what on the first day he ought not to have been ignorant of , that the buildings had been already begun , and yet the right hon . gent. , after assigning , that reason stated that he would for the future object to it , because it was in fact doubling the Maynooth establishment . If the right hon gent . did not at first know that the building were already begun , his ignorance of that fact , could . have had nothing to do with doubling the establishment , and if such a grant did double the establishment , the actual commencement of the building could not be any argument why the grant shout be now acceded to . rose to order , and insisted that it was quite unparliamentary to enter into the merits of any measure to be proposed , of which notice had been only then given . thought it better that any thing to be said upon the subject should be deferred to the time appointed for the discussion thereupon , as the subject was not then before the house . said , that he certainly felt it his duty to bow to the decision of the chair , at the same time that he should take good care to enforce the strict exercise of the rule that had been now applied to him . and upon all occasions , for the future , when a notice was given , he would take care that that notice should not be followed up by any further question or comment whatever . He was certainly fully aware how troublesome it must be to the right hon . gent . to have questions put , which it might not be convenient to answer . moved the second reading of the Parochial Schools bill . The question being put , rose and said , that while he was willing to allow the hon . gent . who brought forward this every degree of credit for the goodness , of his intentions , as well as for his ability and assiduity ; still , upon the best consideration he was able to give the bill , he must totally object to its principle , as conceiving it to be more pregnant with mischief than advantage to those for Whose advantage it was intended , and for the country in general . For , however specious in theory the project might be , of giving education to the labouring classes of the poor , it would , in effect , be found to be prejudicial to their morals and happiness ; it would teach them to despise their lot in life , instead of making them good servants in agriculture , and other laborious employments to which their rank in society had destined them ; instead of teaching then subordination , it would render them factious and refractory , as was evident the in the manufacturing counties it would enable them to read seditious pamphlets , vicious books , and publications against Christianity ; it would render them insolent to their superiors and , in a few years , the result would be , that the legislature would find