to keep the sea . Several material spars were sprung , which in a gale of wind on shore would cause their inevitable loss . I think they said the foremast and bowsprit or fore yard were sprung . Besides , in blowing weather the Atalante made upwards of 20 inches of water an hour.—Although a survey had been held by some carpenters previous to this , I thought it proper to mention circumstances as they had been reported , and as they appeared to me , to the commanding officer off Rochfort ; for I well knew , that the minds of persons of their description under the system of terror , were impressed with fear lest a vessel surveyed having gone into port , might possibly be found not quite so bad as represented . Their usual plan , therefore , is , to say that she can keep the sea a while longer ; knowing that if lost it will only be reckoned an excess of zeal on their part for the good of his majesty 's service . So much impressed was I with the bad state of this vessel , that I said to the builder of Plymouth-yard , in the presence of Admiral Sutton , on my arrival there , that the first news we should have from off Rochfort , if they had a gale of wind there , would be the loss of the Atalante . Under the harrassing system of 8 and 9 months cruises men get tired of their lives , and even indifferent as to choice between a French prison and their present misery . I shall make no further observations on this subject until the papers are produced.—Another paper that appears necessary , is an Abstract of the weekly accounts of his majesty 's ships and frigates employed off Brest , and of ail his majesty 's ships and vessels employed off Rochfort , from the 1st March , 1805 , until the 1st March , 1807.—From this , sir , we shall be able to ascertain the number of men in each vessel , the number of sick , the time ships have been kept at sea , and the time they have been allowed in harbour to refit the vessels , and to recruit the crews . First , it will appear that the ships have been greatly short of effective men . Next , the extreme length of cruises and hardships that our seamen have suffered , which the low state of the enemy 's navy did not require , and which in its most flourishing times had never been put in practice , because well 757 known to be highly injurious . The Plantagenet , for instance , was 8 months within 4 hours sail of England ; she was forced into Falmouth , and remained 12 days wind bound at one time ; but an order existed , which I shall presently make the subject of a motion , by which neither an officer nor a man dared to stretch his legs even upon the gravel beach within 20 yards of the ship.—As a subject connected with the foregoing , and to shew how little benefit has been derived from supplies at sea , as a substitute for the refreshments the crews were formerly suffered to enjoy in port , I shall next move , — '' That there be laid before this house an Account of the quantity of fresh provisions expressed in days allowance , received at sea by each of his majesty 's ships and vessels employed off Brest and Rochfort , from the 1st March , 1805 , to the 1st March , 1807 . `` — Formerly , Mr speaker , when a ship had been out till the provisions with which she had been supplied were consumed , the return of that vessel to port was the natural consequence . For Channel service the time was 4 months , and the officers and men with satisfied minds looked forward contemplating with pleasure the little relaxations and indulgences they might then enjoy . But now , sir ,