If this measure had not failed , it must be because some new definition had attached a different meaning to the word failure . He knew of no criterion of failure in any undertaking , but that of not doing what it had intended and engaged for . The Parish Bill had engaged to raise 40,000 men in about 15 months , that is , by the 1st of October 1805 : in about twenty months , that is , by the 1st of March following , it had not raised 13,000 ; and during its whole continuance , it never produced to the amount of 16,000 . This , according to common ideas , would be called failure . But had it succeeded ever so well , it never could ultimately have furnished to the regular army more than 9000 men a year . Nay , there was a degree of success which would have prevented even that , and have put an end to the measure altogether . If all who had been raised under the bill , had agreed to extend their services , and to enter the army , fulfilling thereby the very purpose which the measure had in view , the bill from that moment would have ceased to exist . It could not continue but by failing in part to execute what it intended . In that way it might , it was true , continue to operate , though its success was for its maximum limited in the way which he had stated , and had for its minimum no limit all , but might be reduced to the supply of the casualties on a portion of the Army of Reserve , however small . No further failure need indeed be looked for in the bill , than its being one which , from the burthens it imposed , the injustice which it committed , the serious oppressions and abuses to which it led by converting into an engine of recruiting all the parochial government and smaller police of the country , was rejected by the general voice , was thrust out of the statute book by the universal conviction of its unfitness to continue there The Parish bill therefore died a natural death , and was not put an end to prematurely by any desire on the part of the ministry of the time , to make way for a favourite measure of their own , It ended as all its predecessors had done , if not like some of them , by having absolutely run itself out , and having reached the point beyond which it could not stir a step , yet by shewing , that , after all that could be hoped for from it , the evils attending were such as to make its continu- 890 ance no longer tolerable . The proof is , that no one has ever thought of reviving it . If its merits were what the hon . gentlemen had so often contended , if it really was that system of recruiting which had accomplished the object so long sought for , and discovered a source of recruiting on which the army might safely rely , why , in God 's name , did not the hon . gentlemen propose to the house to re-enact it ? It was in vain for them to say , that the remission of the penalties under the former bill had rendered this impossible . To make any thing of this , they must shew that the remission of these penalties was avoidable ; that four or five hundred thousand pounds , he believed , of penalty , incurred by acts for which the parties were not blameable , inasmuch as the service required was wholly out of their power , for which many of them were even meritorious , inasmuch as the impossibility arose from the restriction which they had imposed upon themselves of not breaking the law , could be levied without a degree of injustice which nothing could authorize . If this could not be shewn , the return to the measure was not