of their value . He had seen none that had not honourably executed the duty intrusted to them . But there were abuses both in this establishment and in permanent duty , which he severely condemned , namely , the field-officers ordering the six inspections , during the summer months , and corps going on permanent duty , from one city to another , not ten miles distant—they should go at least thirty miles—should be assembled in brigade , under the commanding officer of the district , and at a reduced expence , and should be all directed to learn the light-infantry exercise.—With these impressions and convictions even his noble friend would allow , if he believed him sincere , that it was impossible for him to support this measure , indeed impossible for him to abstain from resisting it . Other gentlemen who felt equal reluctance with himself in opposing any measure of government at such a moment , would agree with him , that this was not a time to be complimenting away the safety of the country . Had only a little been 959 proposed to be done , without a concomitant greater evil , it should have had his support , at the same time that he would have urged his majesty 's ministers to greater exertions . But this was doing worse than nothing . At an early period of the present war , it was matter of complaint ( not universally admitted to be a most unfounded one ) , that the government of that day , which was unceasingly employed in calling forth all the energies of the country , that they had not done enough , and when the danger was comparatively trifling . He had not forgot an unanswered statement by his noble friend opposite to him , made six months before the dissolution of that government , that we had at that time 700,000 men in arms , and in the eighth month of the war . Had we that number now ? Had we any thing like it ? —we ought , therefore not only to make up that deficiency but to go infinitely beyond it . And yet , says a right hon . gent . `` do nothing . '' His answer should be , `` leave nothing undone . `` — '' Think nothing gained , till nought remains , '' nor consider the country safe , till all her means are brought into action . Did gentlemen recollect what was the enemy with which we had to contend ? unfortunately we had but one , and that almost the whole of Europe , under subjection to , or under the controul of our formidable and irreconcileable adversary . Since the period to which he had been adverting , we had seen that mighty conqueror , for so he must call him , advancing with rapid strides to universal dominion ; in successive year marching straight forward to his object whatever it might be , looking neither to the right or the left , unchecked by difficulties , unappalled by dangers , always proportioning his means to his views , and , though bravely opposed , always successful and triumphant ; in the midst of his conquests ever looking to England as the ultimate object of his ambitious views , and making his conquests on the continent the instruments and the means of accomplishing our ruin . In 1804 , Holland was only the ally ; she might now be considered as an integral part of France . Spain was then neutral , now her naval force was thrown into the scale ; happily , indeed , immensely crippled by our splendid naval achievements . We might have other enemies—we might have them in a quarter to which at present he dared only advert.—To look at this approaching storm without anxiety , would be worse than madness—without hope , if 960 proper efforts were made to meet it , would be worse than folly . Of the latter , however , he for one should feel but little indeed , if he saw good reason to