question being put , a division took place , For reading the bill a 2d time now , 35 Against it 10 The bill was accordingly read a second time , and ordered to be committed on Monday . The order of the day being read for the second reading of the Irish Glebe Houses bill , said , he should wish the bill to be postponed for further consideration , Thursday next . He conceived the bill to be superfluous : an act having passed in the year 1803 granting the sum of 56,000l . the same as proposed by the present measure , for building Glebe Houses in different parts of Ireland . All , therefore , that was required , was to carry that act into execution ; and it was with the view of enquiring into the causes of its having hitherto remained a dead letter , that he proposed to put off , for a few days , the second reading of the bill now on the table . understood the reason of not executing the act passed five years ago , to be the want of sufficient securities for the due appropriation of the money . This was , however , a very unsatisfactory reason , because the clerical livings might be taken as securities . Something ought certainly to be done in the business . At a time when the extension of the privileges of the Catholics was so much objected to , surely means should be taken for spreading more generally the Protestant worship , by increasing the facilities of attendance upon it . He had no doubt that the residence of the established clergy in their respective parishes would be productive of many converts to the Protestant faith . Upon this point he could speak from a fact within his own knowledge . What was considerered the pattern regiment of the artillery at Woolwich consisted of Irish Roman Catholics , and of these , as there was not a Roman Catholic Chapel within a convenient distance , a very considerable number of them spontaneously attended the established church . Of the dissenters , very few , if any , did so : but that might arise from there being several meeting houses in the neighbourhood to which they might resort . Among the Roman Catholic troops at the depôt in the Isle of Wight , he believed there were few who frequented the established church , because they had an opportunity of attending divine service at Cowes , according to their own system . Here he could not but advert to an expression which fell the other evening from high authority ( the Lord Chancellor ) . Their lordships had been told , that the Catholics were within 838 the pale of the constitution . If he was rightly informed , an instance had occurred , in which the Catholic soldiers at Cowes were compelled , under threats of punishment , to attend the established church : and if such a proceeding was to be permitted , it was clear that the Catholics were not within the pale of the constitution.—The earl of Hardwicke 's motion was then put , and agreed to . then rose to state , that before he left town , on his necessary avocations , he should feel it his duty to address their lordships on the military defence of the country . He was apprehensive that the proposition to be brought forward in the other house would come before their lordships too late to admit of his delivering his sentiments upon it . He should therefore state what he had to say on Monday . He begged leave to remind the house that his advice had been followed in many of the points which he had repeatedly urged on their attention . There still , however , remained much to be done towards an efficient system of defence . He must at the same time intimate , that some of the observations which he might have to make , were of so delicate a nature , that he was apprehensive he should be under the