nature of this particular transaction may have been , the present ministers are no more responsible for it than as the representatives of the government . In the present stage of the business , I have nothing more to say upon this question but to add , that the British government have not received , either through its minister at the American court , or through the American ambassador here , any official communication whatever relative to the transaction alluded to by the hon . gent . 1173 Ministers received the first authentic account of this affair through the American newspapers , transmitted by our minister , which contained the president 's proclamation , and in consequence of this publication I thought it my duty , no later than this day , to enquire of the American ambassador , whether he had any official communication from his government to make upon the subject ; but was answered in the negative . In such circumstances , of course , ministers have no communication to make to parliament on this topic.—Upon these two points , with regard to which the hon . gent . professed to be particularly anxious , I have endeavoured to answer as fully and satisfactorily as my duty enabled me to do . With respect to the other points to which the hon . gent . referred , the house must feel that it would be impossible for me , consistently , to state any thing with regard to the measures which he supposes ministers to have taken in consequence of the Prussian Treaty with France , or as to the object of the expedition which government has lately sent out ; particularly as no intelligence has as yet been received from that expedition . Upon another subject of the hon . gent . 's allusion , I mean Turkey , I shall only repeat the words of his majesty 's speech at the commencement of the session , namely , `` that his majesty has taken such measures , as may best enable him to take advantage of any favourable opportunity for bringing the hostilities in which he is engaged against the Sublime Porte , to a conclusion , consistent with his majesty 's honour and the interests of his ally . `` —The right hon . gent . observed , that he had communicated as fully upon all the points adverted to by the hon . gent . as he was enabled to do consistently with his duty . Having no official communication to make to parliament ; seeing no probability of an event that should render an immediate communication with parliament necessary , and considering that the public business was over , he could not conceive the reason of acceding to a principle so new , as that of continuing the attendance of members—of preventing a prorogation , particularly at the present season , when , according to the ordinary practice of parliament , his majesty exercised his unquestionable prerogative in allowing to both houses a certain recess . expressed himself obliged to the right hon . secretary for the candour with which he had answered the 1174 questions he had thought it his duty to ask , but disclaimed any intention to interrogate the right hon . gent . as to those points , which he could not be consistently expected to answer—he meant particularly with respect to the destination of the expedition . With regard to his majesty 's prerogative to prorogue parliament , he had no intention whatever to question it . But at the same time he must repeat , that the exercise of it in this instance , under the circumstances which he had stated , would be extremely ill advised.—The motion , that the house should at its rising adjourn till Thursday , was then agreed to . moved the second reading of this bill . said , he should move , that the bill , instead of being read a second time now , be read a second time this day 3 months : first , because he thought the preamble of the bill absolute nonsense ; secondly