. The hon . gent . then warmly urged the claims of the West-India proprietors on the legislature , agreeing with the hon . member who preceded him that the dissolution of parliament had been the cause of inconvenience in this respect ; and contending , that the justification of that measure was unsatisfactory to the West-India interests , as well as to many persons in that house , who had no ambition to obtain any place in the administration.—The resolution was then put and agreed to . brought up the second report of the committee of finance respecting the Bank . The report was ordered to lie on the table ; but on the motion that it be printed , the hon . gent . thought it necessary to say a few words . It was not in consequence of any inattention on the part of the committee , that this report had not been presented sooner , but , from the various details into which it was necessary to enter , it had been found impossible to present it sooner to the house . Yet if the report had been laid before the house as early as he at first had reason to expect , it was not his inten- 1154 tion , nor , he believed , that of any member of the committee , to ground any motion upon it in the present session , because it would require much time for gentlemen to make themselves acquainted with the whole of the circumstances . As an individual member of parliament , and not as a member of the committee , he might feel himself called upon to submit some resolutions to the house on the subject , though such a proceeding might , and probably would , be rendered unnecessary by the regulations which might be adopted by the governors of the company.—The report was then ordered to be printed.—The hon . gent . next presented the third report from the finance committee , respecting sinecure offices , places , and pensions , held under the crown . After the report was brought up and read , the hon . gent . observed , that this report had been prepared by the committee pursuant to an instruction from the house of the seventh of last month . Immediately on receiving the instruction , the committee had issued its precepts , and the return to these precepts formed the matter of the report which was just read . It would be for the house to judge whether any vote should be founded on the report , and he did not know whether he should move that in its present state it should be printed , because returns had been received only for a small part of Scotland , and but one or two from Ireland . He hoped , however , that the whole would be completed by next session , when he should be able to take such a course as might seem most eligible.—The Report was then ordered to be printed . observed , that he had a Petition in his hand containing matters of a very grave and serious nature . The statements in the petition were such , that though no man was more disposed than he was to lay any complaint before the house , he would have hesitated to present it were it not that it contained matter of great moment to the public in general . The petitioner Nathaniel Highmore had studied the civil law for 11 years at Jesus college , Cambridge ; had performed his exercises with applause , and taken out his degree of doctor . The grievance was , that he was not permitted to practise in Doctors Commons , in consequence of the refusal of the archbishop of Canterbury , to give him the proper authority . He had applied for redress to the 1155 courts of law , but could not be heard ; he had , therefore , no appeal , though rejected without any reason assigned . This was an affair of so serious a nature , that if the allegations of