subject , he hoped they would not expect any peculiar novelty . He acknowledged that he had not made any very great discovery : he had indeed avoided every thing that appeared mighty ingenious , because he knew very well , that on all subjects , and especially on military subjects , these ingenious and complicated theories , although they might look extremely well on paper , were found to be sadly deficient when attempted to be put into practice . He was persuaded , whatever his opinion of the military plan of the right hon . gent . was , that at all times , and in a state of war above all other times , it was infinitely better to adopt the military establishments of the country as they stood , and to fortify and support them , than to weaken and throw them down for the purpose of substituting some speculation , of which experience alone could prove the superiority . There seemed to be this simple alternative on which to decide . If we were to raise a great number of men by ballot , the country must be called upon either to submit to a ballot for men direct for the regular army , or to submit to a ballot for men for the militia , with the view of our drawing from the militia that aid which the incomplete regiments of the line required . He would state the grounds for the option made by his majesty 's ministers , and shew why they thought it the less advisable measure to raise a number of men by ballot direct for the regular army . It was true that the act of 1804 ( the Army of Reserve act ) , to which he might consider himself a party , was for the purpose of raising men by ballot direct for the army ; and it was also true , that if ever a military measure was beneficial to the country , it was that act , from which , in a very short space of time , most important advantages had been derived . If , therefore , the country stood in the same situation , as that in which it stood in 1804 , he should certainly have thought it the duty of his majesty 's ministers to submit to parliament some proposition , analogous to the Army of Reserve act ; but it was impossible not to feel that the circumstances of the country were essentially different now from what they were then , and that they were now precisely such as to afford strong reasons for a preference of the other mode of increasing our military strength . In the first place , from the magnitude of our force ( however yet inade- 864 quate ) we had more nearly approached to those bounds by which every country limited in population , must necessarily be prevented from furnishing more men for its military service , or at least from furnishing them without considerable difficulty . If , therefore , a mode offered itself of procuring men with more facility than in any other way , that mode ought to be adopted . There was another striking difference between the situation of the country when the Army of Reserve act was passed , and the situation of the country at present . Just before the former period , the regular militia had been balloted , and had been called into service ; now , their period of service had expired , and would terminate with the termination of the war . Whatever supplies , therefore , might now be drawn from the militia for the regular army , would consist of men whose services would be otherwise approximating to a conclusion , while the new levies , to fill up the deficiency thus occasioned in the militia , would consist of men commencing a term of service of 5 years . Thus the country would obtain a military protection ready for a new war or any other emergency , and would enjoy a diminution of those burthens which must otherwise be incurred