answer . ] Well , the time for answering was not yet come perhaps . However , nothing in the world had been more misunderstood in this respect than the motion which he had submitted . Gentlemen seemed to suppose that he had censured the passing of the late bills , and thereby called upon the house to censure its own acts . He never had such intention , nor could his motion by any one who took the trouble to attend to it , be supposed to carry any such meaning . He had distinctly declared in his speech , that he had no such intention . But , it might be said , that though not in his speech , it might be in his motion . What , then , was his motion ? — '' That the house should take such measures as would render the provisions of the bills , lately with reluctance passed , unnecessary . '' What did his right hon . friend and his hon . friend over the way ( Mr. Herbert ) object to ? They could not surely object to the word `` reluctantly . '' His hon . friend over the way said , that he would join with him if he would strike out the latter part of his motion . What was that ? Why , that the permanency of such measures would totally destroy the constitution . Did any one object to this ? Then , he would be glad to see the man who would stand up in his place , and say that such enactments ought to be permanent , or that , if permanent , they did not completely overturn the constitution . These acts were to be in force for 3 years ; and under these circumstances there was at least a reversion 1214 of the constitution . But , if you thought that the permanency of such acts did not infringe the constitution , then you ought to make them permanent at once , for in that case where was the use of hesitation ? Such enactments could not be considered in any other light , than as infringements of the constitution ; and therefore it was the duty of every man to limit their duration , as much as the necessity of the case would allow.—He felt it necessary to make some observations on what had fallen from the hon . gent . on the bench below him . With all the respect he had for that hon . gent . 's ( Mr. Lockhart 's ) abilities ; with all his deference to his means of information , and to the authority which he appeared to have with some , yet , not being intimately acquainted with the hon . gent. , and not having an opportunity of observing those talents and information that had been ascribed to him by those who knew him better , he was perfectly excusable in not giving him that entire confidence that had been given by others . That hon . gent . had said , that he had listened with great anxiety to his speech , because he expected that he ( Mr. S. ) would have first stated the evil , and then the remedy . The hon . gent . might have listened to his speech with anxiety , but he had certainly done so with more anxiety than attention . He said , that he ( Mr. S. ) ought to have pointed out the grievance . Certainly not . He never thought that he was bound specifically to do that in the present instance . When ministers came to him , asking him to give his assent to such regulations as these , the onus probandi lay with them . They were to shew what grievances called for such measures and that , too , before the measures were passed . `` But no , '' said the hon . gent. , `` pass your bills first , and then let us hear of grievances . '' Enquiry ought to have preceded the passing of these enactments