wish to keep him longer in confinement . If , then , the hon . gent . would alter his motion , and move for his being called up , not to be examined , but to be discharged , the personal inconvenience would be removed from the individual , and the rules of the house would be preserved . thought this would remove the objection . He might be discharged to-morrow , and an order might be then made that he should attend for the purpose of being examined on Thursday , that the house should go into the business . said , that he should be perfectly satisfied under those circumstances , that Mr. Brundrett should be called up tomorrow , for the purpose of being discharged . It was then ordered , that Mr. Brundrett should be called up to-morrow , for the purpose of being discharged . moved the order of the day , for the second reading of the Poor Relief Bill . and said , that although there were some parts of the bill to which he objected , yet there were some provisions of it so important , and so conducive , as he conceived , to the interest and comfort of the labouring poor , that he trusted the house would feel disposed to adopt them . The first feature of the bill , which he decidedly approved of , was the empowering magistrates to grant warrants of relief for those whom they knew to be proper objects . He also highly approved of the relief being given to the poor occupier of a cottage , simply furnished . As the law now stood , a person must sell his house , his furniture , his bed , and even the tools of his trade , before he was recognized as an object of relief . Those things , however , were as necessary as food itself ; and it was only increasing the burthen on the parish to reduce the pauper to such an extremity of distress , that he should not 847 be able to do any thing for himself . He was sure that this part of the bill would meet the general feeling of the house . He considered that it would increase considerably the estimation of the magistrates , if they were not merely held up to the poor in the way of terror , as the enforcers of the penal code , but if they should be also held out as the dispensers of the national bounty and charity . He approved of the extension of the facilities to obtaining settlements , but disapproved of some of the clauses of the bill . He objected to creating a vestry jurisdiction , and would much rather those matters were trusted , as at present , to an overseer of the poor , whose decisions were still subject to appeal from every petitioner . Neither did he approve of the rewards that were held out at a distant period for the encouragement of industry : he thought those rewards were very well from private agricultural societies , but that national rewards should only be given for splendid services to the state , done at the hazard of life ; or else for valuable discoveries . He thought the common duties of society brought with them their own reward . Upon the whole , there were so many points in the bill of which he much approved , that he hoped the bill would go into a committee , where it might undergo any alterations that were thought proper . would also vote for the second reading , but had strong doubts as to the propriety of the proposed relaxation of the laws of settlement . rose shortly to reply . He was extremely sorry his hon . and learned friend behind him ( Mr. Morris ) disapproved of many points in the bill , which he himself conceived highly essential to a satisfactory amelioration of the poor-laws . There were , however , several of the clauses , which his hon . friend did approve ; and if