productive than the preceding period , but that was accounted for by the additional number of recruiting parties appointed , and the threat of dissolving the second battalions , unless they procured a certain number of men by a given time . The casualties of the whole army were about 18,000 men , and this was all the plan provided for , without taking into account the number who would claim their discharge . The number of desertions , too , appeared to be equal among the recruits under his plan and the former system , though the last six months was rather in favour of the former . begged to call the attention of the house to the conduct of the present ministers , vho never rested their measures on their own merit , but always went to comparisons . When in opposition , they had perpetually called for his right hon , friend 's plan before he had been two months in office , and yet , after a lapse of 4 months , they themselves had come forward with this magnificent measure ! They had taken care , too , to bring it forward at this late period of the session , and had 1042 * reserved the most obnoxious clause—that of granting an option to enlist for a term of years , or for life , which destroyed in a great measure the effects of the plan of his right hon . friend , till the committee , that there might be no opportunity to consider it on the second reading , which was the time for debating it . The consequence was that many had gone out of town with a wrong impression of the nature of this measure . He then entered upon a defence of his right hon . friend 's system . It was intended to supply the whole casualties of the army , in which the former system was grossly deficient . But this was not all the effect of the plan ; it would have a much greater , in his opinion , whatever the noble lord opposite might think and say of it . It was natural for the noble lord to smile at a philosophic measure , as he tauntingly called it , who had never conceived any grand scheme in his life—who never could generalize—who from two figures before him could scarcely draw a legitimate conclusion—who could do nothing but go on in the common routine way , and endeavour to impose himself on the multitude as a great statesman , but who had only this in common with his colleagues , that he was as great a statesman as he could be . The right hon . secretary had made allowances for the former method of recruiting , but none for that of his right hon . friend . He forgot the diminished bounties , and was for putting the boys out of the question , because he knew that , in this view , the advantage would have appeared greatly on the side of his right hon . friend 's plan . He then talked of his right hon . friend 's forgetting his measure . The right hon . secretary well knew there were offices which that plan had to go through—offices to which one set of ministers might be more agreeable than another . At all events the dispatch did not entirely depend on his right hon . friend . But this was the way of ministers , they always set up a vague and indefinite cry . Sometimes the church was in danger , sometimes one mode of recruiting was good , sometimes another . But his right hon . friend long ago had felt the unfitness of temporary expedients for permanent evils . Even in the school of the great founder of expedients ( Mr. Pitt ) , he had not entirely approved of these , but had only acquiesced in giving them a trial . Ministers talked of emergency , but there was no end of their emergencies , and in 1043 * stead of having a permanent system to