conjunction with his colleagues , he had advised his majesty to dissolve the parliament at the earliest moment , when that measure could be resorted to without any material interruption to public business ( Hear hear ! from the Opposition ) . He repeated , that it was the duty of his majesty 's ministers to advise the dissolution under the existing circumstances . The noble lord had enumerated the circumstances under which that measure was 629 adopted , for the purpose of condemning it ; but he was prepared to contend , that these very circumstances were a justification of it . The noble lord had stated , that the parliament had been then but recently chosen , and that that was a reason why it should not have been dissolved ; but in his mind the circumstance of its having been so recently chosen , and the circumstances under which it had been elected , were a good ground for the dissolution . The noble lord had argued in support of the preceeding dissolution , that it was necessary to give to our allies ; and to Europe , a proof that the king and his government were supported by a united parliament and a united people . The noble lord , whilst in office , with a parliament in which he encountered no formidable opposition , except upon the iron tax , when ministers usually divided in the proportion of two to one against their opponents , felt it necessary to dissolve parliament , in order to shew to Europe that we had a united parliament . But the noble lord could see nothing in the last parliament to justify such a measure ; nothing in the manner in which the question that led to it had been brought forward , nor in the manner in which it had been supported ; nothing in all these circumstances to shew any ground of apprehension the permanence of government ; nothing to shew that his majesty 's government might be prevented from the efficient administration of the public affairs . But he would appeal to the house and to the country , if any reason existed on this ground for the dissolution recommended by the noble lord , which was not strengthened and confirmed , as applied to the late measure , by the manner in which it had been opposed . On that ground alone he might rest the necessity of calling a new parliament . But the house must see that this was a question upon which his majesty 's ministers must have decided before they came into office , and not after . They were not so blind to the situation in which they would be placed , as not to have made up their minds , in case it should be necessary , to call a new parliament , and to appeal to the sense of the people ? What would be the situation of the king , if his ministers had not made this appeal to the sense of his people ? Had not his majesty been held up as the sole obstacle to an extension of indulgences to a great portion of his subjects , and against the opinion of his late ministers , who had pressed the measure as indispensably necessary to the interests of the empire ? Had 630 not the king been represented as the sole barrier against this measure ? Under these circumstances nothing was so necessary to the character of the king as such an appeal to his people , in order to shew that it was not the king alone who was the obstacle to the indulgences , but the great majority of the nation . On these grounds it was , that the dissolution had been resorted to ; on these grounds he was convinced that it would appear not to be objectionable . It might be a question , whether such a measure was justifiable at any particular time ? And here he must observe , that , if the opinion of the people was to be taken upon the bill introduced by the late