and leading branch , the very basis and trunk he would almost say , of every system of military measures , which it would be right to adopt in the present circumstances of the world . An army is the great instrument by which a country must act , whether for foreign wars or for home defence . But an army must be supported , and , what is more , an army must be supplied . An army itself may want the co-operation of other less regular force : for which purpose , part of his system would be , as it had been , to keep on foot an establishment of corps similar to our present volunteer corps ; that is to say , corps that should act as such , and under the immediate command of their own officers . But a further and still more important use to be derived from the population of any country , was to keep them in that state in which there 895 might be a sufficient portion ready at all times to supply the deficiencies , and make good the losses of the regular army , that is to say , in which there should always be a certain number of men ready enrolled and liable by law to be disposed of for those purposes , and in which the men so enrolled should be in a certain degree prepared for the service assigned , by having received as much training as it might be convenient or possible to give them . The enrollment and the legal preparation might be always complete . The training would vary according to circumstances , and must at all times be to a great degree imperfect . But a bill for such purposes must always exist , and be more or less acted upon , as long as the circumstances of the country and of the world should continue what they were . Such were the objects of the present bill , and which as far as enrollment went , the first and main object , —was already complete or nearly so . The country had at this moment , in virtue of that bill , 200,000 men , whom his majesty might immediately proceed to train , and whom he was immediately authorized to dispose of for the purposes of defence in his regular regiments , or in any other way that he should think fit . Such a body of men so circumstanced would be no bad present to the country , even though to as late a period as that at which the preparations of the enemy should have actually begun , not a man of them should have had a musket upon his shoulder . But why was that to be their situation ? The bill , if not prevented , was proceeding in its natural course , and would soon give to these men as much training as the circumstances required , as much at least as it was thought desirable to attempt consistent with a due regard not to render , the measure more burthensome or vexatious than was necessary . Difficulty , he denied there was any , more at least than must attend every measure of detail , when tried for the first time . If more training was necessary than the bill had provided , let more be given . As much had been done as seemed to be wanted at the time when the bill was brought in.—This part of the plan of the late administration , which the noble lord seemed inclined to overlook , was , on the contrary , that one of the three members of which it consisted , which operated in the most directions , and did , more than any other , give to the whole its character of unity and system . It was not 896 a little which the Training bill was likely to do for the recruiting service : the volunteer establishment , such as it was meant to be under the late acts , would grow out of it altogether . This last fact