, the messenger of the great seal as to the general proceedings about the issue of writs . objected to the examination the messenger of the great seal , who could speak to nothing beyond the practice of his office . The messenger of the great seal , was particularly instructed to take no fees but those that custom had established ( perhaps without right ) ; five guineas for a writ for a borough , and twice as much for 977 a writ for a county or city . The principal remedy for the abuses complained of was to provide for the immediate delivery of the writ to the sheriff.—It was then resolved , that W. Spurrier was guilty of a breach of the privileges of the house , and he was ordered to be committed to the custody of the serjeant at arms . took occasion to state , that the committal of Mr. Brundrett to Newgate on a former night , was grounded on his unqualified refusal to answer questions . This was an offence , without the immediate punishment and correction of which , the house could not proceed in any of the investigations and enquiries essential to its constitution . The nature of the case enquired into , depended upon the facts that should be disclosed and discovered , and admitted of quite a different course of proceeding . stated , that the messenger of the great seal , and the other persons ordered to attend at the bar , were not at all implicated in the criminal part of the transaction . He therefore moved , that the order for their attendance be discharged . then moved , that the deputy messenger of the crown be called to the bar . This was opposed by sir John Sinclair , and the gallery was cleared for a division , but , after some discussion , the motion was withdrawn . The house having resolved itself into a committee of the whole house , on the Militia Transfer bill , rose . The emergency to call for a measure so oppressive as this , was not , he said , made out . If the French fleets had been victorious , then indeed there might have been a ground for some strong compulsory measure . The militia was the constitutional force of the country , and ought not to thus tampered with and degraded , especially when the object at present was not to procure a force for foreign service , but for the defence of the country . It Was impossible now to look for conquests on the continent , or to expect to stop the progress of Bonaparte . At the first establishment of the militia the service was in a great measure of a personal nature . Now , however , it was merely a tax on the country , and a tax which , by the operation of the ballot , Would be most partially and most unjustly levied . It was levied entirely on the landed property , and not on the whole , 978 but on a part of it , Peers were exempted , and clergymen and infants , and lands mortmain . And on this account he would always object to the militia , except so far as they formed a garrison for our homes . It ought also to be considered whether the families of those who volunteered in this manner , were to be chargeable to the parishes , in the same manner , as if they had still continued in the militia . Whether they were or not , the present measure was equally objectionable . It they should be entitled to the relief , then this would be imposing a most grievous burthen upon the parishes , which would be charged both with their families and with the families of those who were to replace them . It their families were not to be provided for , it was a most cruel injustice to the men , and to those families which might thus be left destitute . But he had another strong objection