he could not assent to the noble lord 's motion . If the noble lord had any good grounds of complaint , they should be referred to the admiralty , who would , no doubt , give them all the attention they deserved . declared , that no grounds whatever had been made out for the motion , which it was so seriously to be lamented that the noble lord had thought it his duty to bring forward . The house of commons would ever be anxiously alive to the welfare and interests of the brave men of whom our navy was composed ; but he was convinced , that it would at the same time be very backward in adopting such motions as the present , unless the perion who proposed them could distinctly state that he had taken all other means of redressing the grievances complained of unsuccessfully . coincided completely in opinion with the right hon . gent . who had just sat down , and contended , that besides the just reasons for opposing the motion , which that right hon . gent . had stated , the noble lord had in no way whatever proved his assertions , but had been completely contradicted by the gallant admirals . He made an eloquent panegyric on earl St. Vincent , the history of whose whole life was a most brilliant answer to the accusations of his enemies . observed that the highest encomiums were due to that illustrious character earl St. Vincent . Illustrious character he must call him , because whatever opinion might be entertained of his civil services , there could be no difference of sentiment as to the glory of his professional career . He admitted also the high professional character of the noble lord who made the motion ; but he was sorry that such a motion had been brought forward in this house , before complaint had been made through the proper channel . No man could cherish more than he would the power and the right of this house to examine into abuses ; but when there was a channel by which application ought to be made in the first instance , he thought it unnecessary and improper to bring complaints before this house , before any effort was made to have them corrected in the most natural and ready way . in reply to the implied 764 censures of the noble lord upon the late administration of the navy , observed , that since the reign of king William no one had done so much for the navy as the late administration . The first act of the noble lord below ( lord Howick ) , when he came into that department , was to examine into the state of the seamen ; and he came down to the house for an increase of the number and the pay of the petty officers , thinking this one of the best methods of rewarding distinguished service among the men . All this he did gratuitously , without waiting for an application—a measure which had not a little increased the confidence of the seamen in the government , an object in the highest degree desirable and advantageous . The noble lord had not stopped here . He also extended this beneficial measure to the Warrant Officers , without any application , a thing which had never been done since the days of king William . Neither did the noble lord stop here ; he had followed the aged , the decrepid , wounded , and worn out seamen , to the obscurity of their cottages ; chaced poverty and wretchedness from them , and diffused health , cheerfulness , and comfort . He had raised their allowance from 7 to 18l . a-year , and made seamen look with confidence towards the government which thus paid attention to their situation unasked . He had also followed up the measure , by an increase to the masters , lieutenants , and commanders . In short , every attention was paid by the noble lord to the interests of the service , a conduct