the domiciliary visit was admitted on all sides , and the question simply was , whether `` a reasonable time '' were words better fitted for the purpose had in view than the words `` ten minutes ? '' he for his part thought they were , and put different cases , each of which he thought bore him out in his opinion ; some of those cases might not be thought very probable ; but , surely , any of them were more probable than that put by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Grattan ) , of the lady or the female in her bed-chamber . He did not , he confessed , feel so nicely on the subject as that right hon . gentleman . said , that the learned gent . had told the committee what it ought to argue upon , and what it ought not to argue upon . It was good in that learned gent . to give the committee the aid of his instruction : but is the gentleman , said Mr. Grattan , quite sure of being himself altogether right ? In the first place , all the other questions are not wholly gone by ; for I may agree to the clause or its modification , or reject both , and afterwards agree to or dissent from the principle of the bill itself . Again , has the learned gent . been right in his statement of the question ? He has argued on the propriety of vesting the magistrate with the discretion of judging of the `` reasonable time ; '' but this is not the question . It is , whether you vest any commissioned ruffian with that discretion ? Here , then , the learned gent . mistated what he was to argue upon and then did he even argue fairly on that mistatement ? —No ; for he takes that as impossible which I myself have known to have taken place . He says , such ruffians as I describe could never have been officially employed , and have made their office the pretence of wanton ourage : but I have known such ruffians to have been employed , and such outrages to have been committed— [ Hear ! hear ! ] —that delicacy of the other sex has been grossly obtruded on and wantonly insulted—this was no light matter—there was more in that sentiment than a joke could do away—the honour of a female in any class—it was wrong to make it the subject of parliamentary jocularity . and sir S. Romilly followed on the same side , both gentlemen 's ating , that their right hon . friend ( Mr. 915 Grattan ) had put the question in its true light . It was not investing the magistrate , but his menial bailiff , with a dangerous discretion.—Mr . Laing having proposed the amendment in its original form , Mr. Croker said , that as he had not withdrawn his amendment , he should not give it up . —The committee then divided , For the `` ten minutes , '' 30 For `` a reasonable time , '' 71 Majority 41 On the following clause , `` Provided always , and be it further enacted , that when a verdict shall be given for the plaintiff in any action to be brought against any justice of the peace , peace-officer , or other person , for taking or imprisoning , or detaining any person , or for seizing arms , or entering houses under colour of any authority given by this act , and it shall appear to the judge or judges before whom the same shall be tried , that there was a probable cause for doing the act complained of in such action , and the judge or court shall certify the same on record , then and in that case the plaintiff shall not be entitled to more than 6d . damages , nor to any costs of suit , '' moved that the whole clause be omitted , as grossly unjust and unconstitutional . admitted that the