the subject of the warrant for granting a pension to lord Cullen , and expressed his regret that the sub- 722 ject should come forward in the present shape , more especially , as on that day , or on the next , the barons of the Courts of Exchequer in Scotland would come to a determination upon it . He passed the highest eulogium on his noble friend , and declared , that a more enlightened scholar , a more profound lawyer , a more agreeable companion , and a more perfect gentleman , never existed . He would shortly state the circumstances under Which the warrant was granted , and he was sure , he should satisfy the house that what was proposed to be done , was not more than what ought to be done . In Oct. 1805 , he received an intimation from lord Cullen , that having spent a day with the Duke of Portland , at Bulstrode , his grace expressed a wish to Communicate with him ( Mr. Adam ) on the subject of a pension for lord Cullen for life , with a reversion to his wife . The change of administration , which soon after took place , prevented the completion of this business . In 1806 , it was natural for lord Cullen , who had been connected with the late administration , to bring his case again under consideration . He did not contend that in any case , it was fit to grant a pension to a Judge for life , but he contended that the crown should have the power of doing so , and he contended , that in cases in which a Judge was involuntarily involved in embarrassments , it was incumbent on the crown to endeavour to relieve him . Lord Cullen was the eldest son of D. Cullen , one of the greatest men that Scotland ever produced , and who had raised the reputation of the Medical School of Edinburgh , to the height which it then stood . Dr. Cullen , however , died poor , and left a large family ; the younger branches of that family were in a great measure provided for by the public ; but lord Cullen , the eldest son , could not guard himself from the effect of the embarrassments which descended to him front his father , and was in consequence obliged to give up two-thirds of the revenue of his Situation , to relieve himself in some degree from those embarrassments . Those circumstances were taken into consideration by the late ministers , and there was every reason to suppose that in August last the affair was completed . However owing to the official delays , the warrant for granting a pension of 400l . a year to lord Cullen for life , with a provision of 200l . a year to Mrs. Cullen , was one of the last acts of the late administration . From that period until Monday last he had heard nothing more about it . He had no idea that the warrant 723 was for any thing else but a provision for life ; he was sure lord Grenville Meant it to be for life . If when the grant was produced it should appear on the face of it , that it was during pleasure , he would contend that it was an error ; the very circumstance of the reversion must shew it was an error . As he had before mentioned , the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland , were at this time employed in considering the subject , and he deeply regretted that it had been mentioned in the house of commons , until their report had been made . As it was , however , he thought it his duty to move that an humble address be presented to his majesty , that he will be graciously pleased to give directions that there be laid before the house copies of the appointments of the sheriff depute of the county of Sutherland , and of the sheriff depute of