the petitioner had obtained judgment for 1013l . but that execution had been stayed by a writ of error brought by the said Mr Mills , to evade justice , and in order to escape the payment of his legal debts ; that as no bail can be taken to an action pending a writ of error , the said Mr. Mills was in custody of the marshal of the King 's Bench , when he was returned to the present parliament as a representative for the borough of St. Michael 's ; that the petitioner was informed that Mr. Mills had it in contemplation to apply for his liberation to that house , he having a considerable colonial property in the West 734 Indies , with a view to withdraw from the jurisdiction of the courts , and for the purpose of evading justice ; that under these circumstances the lord chancellor would not grant the writ `` Ne exeat Regno ; '' that if the said Mr. Mills should be discharged out of custody by that house , the petitioner would be greatly injured ; and that the petitioner therefore prayed that honourable house that it would be pleased to take such measures on the premises as to its wisdom should seem meet , and that petitioner might be heard by himself or his council , to prove the facts and allegations in his petition —This petition was ordered to lie on the table , as were also similar petitions presented against the same gentleman , by Mr. Cochrane Johnstone , from Mr. Allen , of Bondstreet ; and by Mr. P. Moore , from a creditor , to the amount of 19,200l.—The petitions were ordered to lie on the table . rose and addressed the house as follows : —I am not , Sir , altogether unaccustomed to address this assembly . During the number of years I have had the honour of a seat among you , it has been my lot to bring forward several important propositions , some of which have experienced a favourable reception , but the greater part a determined opposition . Yet never have I been in the habit of making any apology for the insufficiency of the proposer , however strongly I felt it , thinking it better to rely on the solidity of the grounds upon which my propositions rested , than to attempt conciliating attention by apologies . But I must confess on this occasion , whether from the growing diffidence of the public in public men ; whether from the manner in which I have been recently spoken of in this assembly ; whether from the nature of the debates which have lately taken place amongst us , in which a spirit of attack and recrimination has been manifested , by no means calculated to raise the character of this house [ a loud cry of hear ! hear ! ] whether from the disastrous state of the times , or whether from all these feelings combined , I never rose with so great a degree of diffidence and solicitude . If in my endeavours to bring back the gravity of debate—to get rid of the spirit of recrimination which has too long prevailed amongst us , and to retrieve the falling fortunes of this mighty empire —Here of Mayo , moved the standing order for the exclusion of strangers ; in consequence of which the gallery was immediately cleared , and strangers 735 were not re-admitted during the remainder of the evening.—Notwithstanding the above circumstance , we are , however , enabled , from an authentic source of information , to communicate to our readers the following outline of this important debate . proceeded to lay grounds for the motion he intended to offer , and stated as the reasons and objects of inquiry , the state of our Sugar-colonies , and the danger to which our East-India empire was exposed ; he alluded to the mutiny at Vellore , and seemed to think it arose from a deeper and more general feeling , than the impolitic and ill-judged military regulations which had been assigned as