He had prepared a bill on the subject while he was Treasurer of the Navy ; and so far was it from being an election trick on his part , that he did not mention the subject during the last election till the 12th day of the poll , whereas , had he meant it as a theme through which to court popularity , he would have set out with it from the beginning . If it was desired , he should be ready in the committee to go into a string of cases , the substantiating of any one of which , he was convinced , must render it impossible for gentlemen of honour , feeling , or humanity to doubt the propriety of what he proposed . He proceeded to state the case of a woman , whose father and mother had been for fifty years in one house , in which they had uniformly maintained an unblemished character . She had succeeded to her parents , and supported in it , with the same propriety , a family of 7 children , five of whom were entirely dependent on her industry . Being summoned before the magistrates , and informed that they could not renew her licence 1100 —on her attempting to remonstrate , the only satisfaction she could procure was , `` woman , you have had your answer . '' Her license was accordingly withdrawn , and she and her family are now reduced to a state of extreme poverty and distress . This case was not unknown to , and had attracted the commiseration of a noble lord and right hon . gent.—But he ( Mr. S. ) denied that it was consistent with the constitution of this country that any man , in any profession , was to be told , that at the discretion of any one man , he and his family were to be deprived of their livelihood , and reduced to misery . He had , he declared , thirty instances of a similar kind , which he should , if required , bring forward in the committee . He had several instances too , of persons having been deprived of their licences for voting for sir Francis Burdett , for Middlesex . They had even been told that this was the reason ; and , he would ask , were publicans , at the will of a magistrate , to be deprived of the free exercise of the elective franchise more than the other inhabitants of this country ? He alluded to another case which had occurred at Fulham , where a house remarkable for the usual decorum of its keeper had been deprived of the licence , merely because on one occasion , a few Welsh girls returning to their own country had been indulged with a fiddle and a hop . These were arbitrary powers , which , he submitted , were not fit to rest with one or two individuals , without the person accused being acquainted with the charge against him , and allowed to defend himself . Neither , he maintained , was it even then fit that they should exist without appeal . All he asked was , that every person so accused should have the charge against him furnished to him in writing , and that he should be heard in his defence ; and , afterwards , that he should have it in his power to appeal to the quarter sessions . He could not think it possible but that the magistrates themselves must be pleased that an appeal lay from their decision . If not actuated by personal motives , the knowledge of such appeal must be consolatory to their feelings . All he wished at present was that the bill should extend to Middlesex and Surrey . He confessed that he had received letters which would more than cover the table , containing similar complaints from every part of the country , so that he might be fortified in maintaining that the alteration should extend throughout . But still , high as was the respect in which he