no supply of transports . The total dismantling of that department might have been contrived to fall in with the plan of finance of the noble lord ( H. Petty ) , which proceeded throughout on fallacious data , being built upon the supposition of a continued war expenditure of 32 million , when the war expenditure was , in fact , in no one year so little . This was a false economy , leading evidently to great and not distant profuseness , accompanied with much greater mischief . An order had been sent by the late government to the transport office , to pay off all the transports then engaged . This produced a representation of the great expence that would attend making good all the contracts , to the expiration of the terms of engagement , when in a few days it would be necessary to take up other transports for the public service . The mandate of dismissal came from the treasury , though the transport office properly was under the secretary for the war department , the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Windham ) was therefore not to blame for the order , which coming from the treasury was probably intended to promote the objects of the grand plan of finance to which he had already alluded . The order was executed so far as to dismiss all transports but those necessary to the communication between G. Britain and Ireland , and Guernsey and Jersey . The saving made did not amount to 40,000l . but only to 4,000l . a Month ; and after the quantity of transport tonnage sent abroad on the distant expedition of the right hon . gent . there ought to have been an increase rather than a diminution . Government had received 60,000 tons of transports from its predecessors . If the late ministers did not mean to abandon all connection with the continent , they ought to have kept up a sufficient supply of tonnage . Then as to the question , why the present expedition was not dispatched in May , rather than in July ? the answer was , the complete state of destitution in 1036 which the present ministers found themselves in on entering into office , with respect to every preparation for a continental expedition , rendered an earlier dispatch impossible . The first thing done was , to give orders to prepare transports ; but from the active state of our trade , they could not be sooner collected , and thus it had been impossible to send to the king of Sweden the aid of cavalry which we were bound to afford . With respect to the question of the hon . gent. , if such a number of troops were now embarked in a fortnight , why were they not embarked before ? the answer was , a wise government always had its arrangements made in such a manner , that it could carry into effect its military enterprises in so short a time , that those who were the objects of them would only hear of the preparation when they felt the blow . But if no preparations were left , our military strength could only be exhibited in an inert and inactive state upon our own shores , till the deficiency should have been supplied . If the preparations had been made , the military energy would have been exerted without delay . He trusted that what had been done now would prove a lesson to every future government , a lesson not to postpone preparation till the moment was come for striking the blow . If the necessary preparations had been left by the late ministers , the exertion might have been made at an earlier period , when it might have contributed to ward off what had happened . Russia had expected our co-operation , and if the late government did not give that aid , it was owing to a false economy which , for the object of a trifling saving , crippled the means of the country , at the moment when it was