right hon gent . the chancellor of the exchequer , can not adopt the principle of his colleagues , because it appears big with danger , and replee with ruin . I condole with him for his fears , but can give no credit to the validity of his statement . I can not for a moment admit the validity of a statement , the most hostile to the particular interests of Ireland , and the general security of the empire . I can not , I say , as the friend of my own country , as solicitous for its fame and fortune , give credit to a proposition , monstrous in its conception , and destructive in its effects . As a member of Europe I protest against this unjustified , dangerous argument , which tends unavoidably to deprive it of the means of rescue and recovery from the alarming and impending calamities with which it is threatened . I feel proud that with all the temptation , with the endeavours which have been so unwisely and so improperly made , the expedient has not only proved unsuccessful , but hopeless . There is not , I say , any disposition on the part of this country to quarrel with their Irish brethren on account of religion . The good sense and liberality of the people have prevailed against the misapplied zeal of the bigot , and the interested speculation of the miserable politician . It is the victory of the unadulterated good sense of the English people , over religious discord and unchristian rancour . All Church cries , have , in every stage of society , been mischievous ; calamity has ensued , although the objects of their propagation was not accomplished . Though they `` like the , tall bully lift their heads and lie , '' yet the annals of our history prove that they have injured . In the reign of Charles I. and II . they created a party which overturned the establishments of the country , and shed the best blood of its people . In the reign of queen Anne , they paralysed , the energies of the nation , and rendered unavailing the great victories of the duke of Marlborough . The religious animosities of England aggrandised the power , of France , and led to that disposition of Europe , which now alarms us with its tremendous effects . In 1780 , the cry of `` No Popery '' was nearly successful , in defending the church , by burning the city . Religious alarms are not the efforts of great or comprehensive minds ; they originate in low malicious cunning , and operate on ig- 647 norant irritability . It is not on religion they are founded , because they are generally the expedients of the depraved . They are hatched with the hope of delusion , and are the worst political vices baptized . There is nothing , profound , nothing wise , nothing dignified in their influence ; nothing to excite public spirit , or to stimulate to great exertion . They call forth no proud or honourable energies , and have not embattled on . their side , even the manly vices of the country . I rejoice to find that the people of this kingdom have not fallen into the snare , which was laid with so much art and duplicity to entrap them . In my country the wicked attempt has not only failed , but the opposite principle has triumphed . The people of Ireland have not only , scouted the abominable yell , but have avoided a policy which might , have been dangerous to the general interest . They have not answered folly by folly ; when you wrote upon your walls , `` No Popery ; '' they did not retort the cry of `` No England . '' They left an idle bugbear to perish by its own imbecility an unfounded calumny to be defeated by its appropriate incredibility . They disdained to make a serious comment upon senseless cant . I do not pretend to say