Veteran Battalions between the years 1804 and 1807. said , he should not inquire into the reasons which had induced the rights hon gent . to take on himself the present statement , when , if there was any thing in 719 it , the Committee of Finance or Commissioners of Military Inquiry , were , as he himself stated , the proper persons to inquire into the circumstances of it . At the time the right hon . gent . originally made his motion , he ( lord T. ) explained to him , that there were a great many of the letters referred to contained in the minutes , it would therefore be unnecessary to produce them , and in this the right hon . gent . seemed at the time to acquiesce . There was at that time other information and other letters on the subject , which , being of a private nature , and not addressed to him in his public capacity , he did not feel himself authorised to produce . He now , however , had certificates of the facts , contained in those letters , and which he thought material . Mr . Box had cloathed the battalions in question for 15 years previous to the time of Mr. Courtnay 's having been employed . Shortly after he ( lord T. ) came into office , complaints were made to him of the badness and smallness of the cloathing . In consequence of these complaints , inquiry was made , and a comparison was also taken of a suit of them with a suit belonging to another corps . They Were found to be badly made up , and from this circumstance , joined to their being of an under size , the contract was given back to the man who had executed it for 15 years . Two things were to be considered in a contract . It might be too dear , or it might be too cheap . The inadequacy of quality and size was in this instance , found to be by no Means counterbalanced by the lowness of the price . There was a difference between the two estimates of 19001. which surely the public could not reckon any object when put in competition with the health , warmth , and comfort of those brave men who had been wounded in their service . His lordship proceeded to read a letter and a certificate from the major of the second battalion , and from the quarter master of the battalion at the Tower , stating that the cloaths furnished by Mr. Courtnay were by no means fit for men wounded in the service , who required large and comfortable cloaths , but might be fit enough for stripplings . They were in general too small , some of them had to be cut down to join out others ; 600 could not be fitted out of 1000 suits : some of those furnished by the former clothiers , were required to be issued to supply the deficiency ; 200 were obliged to be returned ; and when remonstrated with as to the unfitness of the cloathing , the answer by Mr. Courtnay was , that he would be a great loser by the contract . 720 The noble lord referred to his successor , if applications had not been made to him , from more than one battalion , not to change the old clothier . admitted that applications had been made to him , but the mode was now changed , being by advertisement for estimates . If the noble lord had been at all hurt by the agitating of the present question , he could not help thinking he had himself alone to blame , in carrying away in his pocket such evidence as seemed to support the step which he had taken , and leaving behind him in the office only such evidence as went to condemn him . complained , that these charges were preferred without giving his noble friend the opportunity of a fair trial , From the information his noble friend