, that means might be devised to obviate any cases of individual hardship that might occur ; though he was afraid that the practical consequence of acting upon such a principle , might be injurious in another way , by interfering with the regular recruiting for the army . could not concur in the sentiments expressed by the hon . gentlemen , who had for the first time addressed the house that night , ( Messrs. Willoughby and Lockhart ) though he was anxious to concur in any measure that might be deemed necessary for the security of the country , in the critical situation in which it was placed . Before he could agree to the proposition of the noble lord , he must first look at the situation of our national force ; at the pretext for the noble lord 's plan , and at the plan itself . When he found that the force already on foot was , if properly organized , arranged and regulated , sufficient to save the country , he was anxious to spare his countrymen that compulsion , which the noble lord considered necessary . If he was persuaded that the existing force was sufficient for that purpose , he was justified in opposing the noble lord 's measure . Before he proceeded in his argument , he should beg leave to make one or two observations upon the volunteer force . He was fully sensible of he zeal , the spirita due sense of the country 's danger , with which the volunteers had come forward in its defence , but he could not sit silent and hear charges brought against his right hon . friends of the late administration , that they had by their measures diminished the vo- 936 lunteers . If gentlemen were but to examine the papers on the table , they would find that any diminution which the volunteer force might have undergone had not arisen out of the measures or regulations of the gentlemen with whom he acted , but was the natural consequence of the institution [ a cry of no , no ] . He begged gentlemen to examine the papers . In the year 1805 , the volunteer force was upwards of 400,000 ; but , at the commencement of the year 1806 , that force was reduced to 318,000 ; and this was before his hon . friends had come into office , before any regulations which they afterwards made existed , and therefore the charges so constantly urged against his hon . friends was not borne out by the documents . Every body must be aware that it was the nature of such an institution to be fluctuating , and it was evident from the documents on the table , that from the time when his hon . friends came into office to the latest return , the reduction of the volunteer force did not exceed 28,000 . Any gentleman who looked to the fact , and compared that diminution with what had taken place in the antecedent year , mst be sensible that there was no foundation whatever for the charge . As to the inspecting field-officers , both he and his hon . friends admitted , that it was necessary that there should be some organ between the volunteers and the government . But there was a complete staff in every district , who were nearly idle , and who , by performing this duty , might cause a considerable saving to the nation . It might be said , that the saving would be small : he contended , however , that the effect on the country , by attending to every necessary principle of economy , would be considerable . He asked too , why those inspecting officers had not been taken from the half-pay , rather than from amongst those that had quitted the service ? It was somewhat remarkable , that of the 70 inspecting field-officers , only 16 were in the army . Did not that look like a desire to extend patronage ? It certainly wore to him the strongest appearance of