that which had so lately been the topic of mutual charge and recrimination in that house . As to the plan of the noble lord , which was to operate by filling up the places of the men who should volunteer from the militia by the ballot , what was that but a conscription to supply the army ? If such a measure was necessary , it would he much better to employ the ballot to procure men for a more 937 enlarged sphere of service , as in the case of the army of reserve . This he should prefer to raising the men for the militia , and waiting till they should become desirous of a more enlarged sphere of service , while the disposable force of the country was , in the mean time , squandered and dispersed . But what was to become of the militia during the process ? It would be June next before the men raised for the ballot would be fully trained and effective , as the militia regiments are at present , so that the noble lord 's measure would , without any adequate necessity or object , paralyse that important arm of the public force . To shew that there was no necessity for this , it would be sufficient to take a view of the force now existing applicable to defence . There were in Great Britain and Ireland at present , of regular troops , 183,000 : militia , 77,000 ; naval troops , seamen , and marines , which , by being employed round the coasts , were applicable to defensive purposes , 120,000 ; artillery , 20,000 ; amounting together to more than 400,000 men . There were , besides , 300,000 volunteers in Great Britain , which , with the sea fencibles , and the volunteers of Ireland , made an aggregate amounting to nearly one million of men in arms for the defence of the country , and afforded by our limited population . With such a force as that in arms , could they not provide for the security of the country without harassing the subject with a conscription or ballot ? If they did not conceive that force sufficient , they were more apprehensive of the power of the French arms than he was disposed to be . The plan of the noble lord would , no doubt , procure a valuable supply for the army , but the militia was to be filled up by a ballot that would fall heavily upon a particular class , and the ballot always resolved itself into a bounty , so that it would thus become a heavy and oppressive tax upon a class least able to bear it . It was not just to procure the supply for the army from any particular class . For his part , he should much rather have the men raised by bounty from a public fund . When the volunteering from the militia had formerly been resorted to , it rested on totally different grounds . The noble lord had stated , as a ground for the measure , that the regular force of the country had been scattered and dispersed by the predecessors of the present administration . But that noble lord had not stated , that the present ministers were sending more troops in one ex- 938 pedition , at least in the two armaments they had been preparing , than all their predecessors had sent out . They certainly had collected more men and transports for their expedition , for which it was less difficult to find any thing than an object , or an officer to command . When the volunteering from the militia had taken place in 1799 , there was a considerable foreign expedition in progress . Again , in the year 1805 , there was some plausible pretext for the measure , though he had felt it his duty to oppose it at the time . The noble lord had stated , that it was not his intention to take any measure that would affect the militia , bu was