distinguishing whether the same arises from a certain salary , or from any average amount ; that this inquiry do extend to the whole of his majesty 's dominions , and that said com- 747 mittee be empowered to send for persons , papers , and records. '' —Mr . Cochrane Johnstone seconded the motion . thought the information desired by the noble lord desirable in many respects ; but it would be neither practicable nor proper to pass the order in its present shape . There was no precedent of such an order on the Journals , though the house had frequently thought it right to interpose and check the excessive or improper distribution of salaries , pensions , and emoluments , derived from the public . So extensive a field of inquiry could hardly be reduced to any of the known rules adopted by committees of the house . The places held by members of parliament were besides known , and the pension list was either regularly laid on the table every session , or might be on the motion of any member . The committee in which he had the honour to preside ( the Committee of Finance ) had ordered the pension list to be laid before it , and would proceed to examine the circumstances connected with it in the next session . It was invidious and improper to convey to the public an insinuation , that members of parliament were influenced by considerations of private advantage for themselves or their dependents . He knew no ground , for casting at the present time an imputation never cast at any former time . For it was most essential , that at this critical period , the character of the house should not be degraded or depreciated . It was also unfair , as well as impolitic and unpatriotic , to depreciate the resources of the country , as the noble lord had done , by stating that we were on the verge of bankruptcy . Though sensible of the difficulties of the times , and of the relief arising from the judicious suspension of taxation , every man of judgment , who considered the situation of the country , would allow there were ample resources to meet the difficulties that we had to encounter . He did not see how the advertisements for the purchase and sale of seats , in a certain assembly , should be construed into an argument of the general corruption of members of parliament . He agreed with the noble lord , that the public servants , and particularly those of the higher classes , were rather under than overpaid . There was only one species of pensions , which it was necessary to inquire particularly into . Within the 3 last years the several public departments had got into the practice of granting pensions within themselves , 748 without complying with the provisions of Mr. Burke 's act , that all pensions should be from the Exchequer only . Some of the public departments had withdrawn themselves even from the controul of the treasury in this respect . On the whole , however , anxious for enquiry and desirous to afford the public information , he could not consent to pass the noble lord 's motion in its present shape . had hoped the noble lord 's motion would have passed without a dissenting voice . He had hoped some measures would be taken to put an end to the disgraceful scenes that had formed the subject of such discreditable crimination and recrimination a few nights since . It was no objection that there was no precedent ; the unprecedented state of the thing was a stronger ground for the investigation . When the exigency of the times was such as to require the exertion of every arm , the want of precedent was not to be pleaded in bar to the satisfaction due to the public mind . The Finance Committee had an extensive range of enquiry before it , and ought not to suffer a day to elapse without reporting something . That committee was not constituted