had received , he was not only justified in transferring the contract as he had done ; but he would have been highly culpable if he had not transferred it . He knew not whether the clothing of the marines was furnished by Mr. Courtnay ; but he had heard while at the admiralty very general complaints of the marine clothing . thought the statement of this night entirely owing to the noble lord 's own conduct . If he was inconvenienced he had himself alone to blame . thought that though the , right hon . gent . might be justified in bringing forward the measure , he could not be justified in not now proceeding in it . approved of the mode in which the business had been brought forward . wished to know if the noble lord meant to say that the substance of the letters were contained in the Minutes , or only that they were referred to in them ? answered the question by reading a part of the minutes . begged the house to consider its own dignity . If this practice of recrimination was to be perpetually resorted to ; if when a charge was to be made against one party , it was answered by a counter complaint , there never would be an end to any debate in that house . He thought the subject ought to go before a committee of inquiry , without further ceremony . read extracts of letters from various commanding officers , expressing their satisfaction with the manner in which Mr. Courtnay had executed his contract . The late ministry had written a circular letter , 721 inviting complaints against the clothing , and the uniform answer was in its favour , instead of complaining of it . But they did not wait until these answers were received ; the fact being , that the new contract was hastily closed before they had received a single answer to the pompous inquiry they had affected to set on foot , previous to the dismissal of the former contractor . said , this was one of the neatest jobs he ever heard of in his life . He was glad the house had taken up the subject of the army clothing , as it would lead to the discovery of a great many abuses in that department , and tend to better the condition of our brave defenders.—The motion was then agreed to . to make his promised motion on the above subjects . He entered into a description of the office of Sheriff Depute in Scotland . It was a selection of local jurisdiction of the highest importance , and one in which it was extremely necessary that the duty should be performed with as much dispatch as possible . The Shrievalties of Sutherland and Caithness were formerly united , but , in consequence of the inaccessibility of the former county , it had been deemed necessary to separate them and to appoint a sheriff for each . This occasioned an expense of only 350l . a year . Sutherland was a county containing 26,000 inhabitants , and he appealed to all who knew Scotland , whether the appointment of a separate Sheriff Depute did not stand recommended on public grounds of advantage . He then explained the situation of the counties of Kinross and Clackmannan , neither of which had a Sheriff Depute . The Sheriff Depute of Stirling had jurisdiction in Clackmannan , and the Sheriff Depute of Fife in Kinross . In the latter county , as long as he remembered , the Sheriff Depute never did himself discharge the duty of his office , but appointed a substitute for that purpose , who , though a very respectable man , possessed no legal information . It became necessary to remedy these evils , and on public principles of utility , Sheriffs Depute were appointed for those two counties of Clackmannan and Kinross . To effect this , it became necessary to obtain the formal resignations of the Sheriffs of Fife and Stirling , who were afterwards re-appointed with their salaries.—He next proceeded to