of facility to a minister to dissolve parliament , in every case in which its temper and disposition might be adverse to his views . It was true , there had been a strong opposition to the late ministers on the two questions that had been tried touching the manner in which they had come into power . He had been one of those who had opposed them upon these questions , and he lamented that the decision upon them had not been different ; for as it was , it tended to endanger the security of the crown , and of the country itself . He was sure , however , that no vexatious opposition had been intended ; and if there had been , he would not have been a party to it . He lamented the inconveniences to private persons resulting from the dissolution ; but though he wished to alleviate those inconveniences , he could not consent 672 to relieve them by opening door for public mischief . coincided in what had fallen from his hon . friend near him . However desirous of remedying the inconveniences occasioned by the dissolution ( and every day shewed those inconveniences to be so great , that the period seemed to have been purposely chosen at which they must have been the greatest ) , he could not easily bring himself to consent to the measure now proposed to remedy those inconveniences . The magnitude of the inconveniences might indeed be well estimated , from the extraordinary nature of the remedy proposed . That remedy went to suspend and repeal for the time , the forms by which the privileges of the house of commons , and the rights and the property of the people , were secured and protected . However highly he might be disposed to commend the liberality of the clerks , it was not a very pleasant situation in which to place the house or the country , to make them dependent on that liberality . However it might answer in cases in which there was no opposition to allow the bills to proceed , without the necessity of bringing up witnesses , in cases of contest and opposition , the vast expence attending such cases must be again incurred . The necessary notices were not to be insisted upon , and individuals might find their property invaded , without any intimation to put them on their guard . It was impossible for him , in these circumstances , to consent to the arrangement proposed . If the right hon . gent . would but allow himself a pause of 24 hours , he would not think of pressing a measure , not only differing widely from all precedent , but violatory of every parliamentary principle . He recommended at least the appointment of a Committee to search into precedents . In 1784 , though the expedient of forwarding the bills without fees had been adopted , no standing order had been violated . He again expatiated on the mischiefs attending the dissolution . He disclaimed all idea of vexatious opposition . Though there had necessarily been a decided opposition on the questions immediately touching the change of administration , and involving great constitutional principles , the decision that had been formed upon which he feared there would be cause to regret , there would not have been another division in the course of the session , unless something new had been brought forward . The Inclosure bills could not possibly be carried into effect , when passed at so late a period of the session . 673 The precedent was totally novel , and dangerous in its principle , and therefore he could not assent to it . said , he could not hope to alter the noble lord 's opinion , nor that of those who acted with him , as to the merits of the late dissolution . He was happy to think , however , that there was a great majority of the house , who were of opinion with him , that the prerogative was properly exercised in that instance