. should be voted , in addition to the sum of 10,000l . in the original motion of that evening . His reason for this was , that in consequence of this discovery having become so universally known and adopted , Dr. Jenner had become a person of great fame and character abroad . No man was so much or so speedily enquired for by foreigners , on their , arrival in this country ; no man more sought alter , He was , of course , under the necessity of being accessible to them ; and it was impos- 1014 sible to be so , without incurring considerable expence . This annuity , in addition to the sum originally moved for this evening , would enable him to enjoy , through life , his country 's grateful sense of the benefits derived from his labours and his talents . He had , by dedicating so much of his time to divulging his discovery in the most extensive way , lost his practice at Gloucester and at Cheltenham ; and he begged gentlemen to recollect , that when this subject was formerly before the house , it had been said that Dr. Jenner would be able to compensate himself by his practice ; but the contrary had actually been the fact , and he had made the practice so universally and so clearly known , that he was frequently less consulted in town than many others . Dr. Jenner generally attended his ( Mr. Wilberforce 's ) children ; but on one or two occasions , when there was thought a necessity of applying for medical assistance , and Dr. Jenner was not immediately in the way , he had instantly sent to another person , without any apprehension of his not being completely acquainted with the whole system . Under these circumstances , he would vote for the larger sum , but should prefer his own plan of an annuity . approved highly of the system of vaccination . Although no country could give too much as a reward for such a benefit , yet there ought to be limits . In the present case , it was the misfortune of the inventor , that the extent and value of his discovery was so great , because the magnitude of that extent and value rendered it difficult to determine how much he merited . He should vote for the larger sum of 20,000l . and principally from taking a view of the subject totally neglected by those who had spoken before him . These right hon . members had forgotten that the tendency of the vaccine inoculation was to exterminate the small-pox completely , and thus to free mankind from the most dreadful scourge inflicted by the hand of Heaven . thought it material to state , that an annuity could not be voted without the previous form of a committee of the whole house , or without a message from his majesty . Under every consideration of the subject , he thought the sum originally proposed was just what ought to be voted . He commended the care taken by the Speaker to disseminate the conviction of the established authenticity of this discovery , by causing an 1015 extraordinary number of copies of the report of the college of physicians to be printed , and to be judiciously distributed through the country . He again defended the originally proposed vote , as most reasonable and proper . thought , that in order to constitute the grant or reward , the expences Dr. Jenner had been at ought to be previously paid . Dr. Jenner could prove , that he had expended more than the original sum voted to him , in propagating the discovery , before the vote had passed . He cited from a Madrid gazette of October last , an account of the honours done to a medical person , sent to communicate the vaccine inoculation in all the foreign possessions of Spain , upon his return from his mission . He cited reports from various parts of the world , stating the success of vaccination