offices for life that had been usually held during pleasure , could be considered as such . His noble friend ( lord Holland ) had told a ludicrous story about a method for having a row . He also recollected a story that was somewhat in point . A person wishing to have a quarrel came up to another who was standing with his back to the fire and feeling very comfortable , and said , `` You lie , sir ; '' `` truly , '' said the other , `` I did not speak . '' `` No matter , '' said the quarrelling gentleman , `` you lie , sir . '' So the last parliament stood with its back to the fire ; it did nothing offensive , and yet it was dissolved . But if parliaments were to look with apprehension to ministers instead of ministers having a proper respect to parliament , then the house of commons was destroyed , and there was an end of the constitution . If , when the people Were so much burthened with taxes which they cheerfully paid when convinced that the public service required them , if in these circumstances they should be compelled to believe that they had no security in their representatives , what would be the consequences . Convinced that they had no safeguard against the exactions of ministers , no security for the proper application of the revenue , they had begin to think that their burthens were heavier than the public service required , and having no remedy for the grievance , they might be apt to become desperate . This was the origin of revolutions , and was a state of things which ought to be carefully avoided . It was ridiculous and unconstitutional to set the addresses of corporations and meetings against the opinion of the house of commons , which was the proper organ to convey the sense of the people to the crown . If these addresses were favourable , then they were held up as the sense of the people ; if unfavourable , they were said to be seditious , and trials for such addresses might be recollected . If the ad- 595 dresses were not favourable , then the grapes were sour , and they could not eat them . He concluded by declaring his assent to the amendment . observed , that the king 's speech , instead of being previously read at the Cockpit as formerly , was now read at private meetings , so that noble lords could not be prepared , and therefore he thought it might not be improper to adjourn for twenty-four hours , in order to have time to consider the speech . He adverted to the conduct of the ministers since they came into power . Their first act was to have recourse to the assistance of lord Melville , notwithstanding the resolutions on the Journals of the house of commons . But that and other things dwindled almost to nothing in comparison with the unconstitutional act of dissolving the parliament . The present momentous crisis required a firm , an able , and an efficient ministry . Whether the present ministers came under that description , parliament must determine . But he thought they afforded but an unfavourable specimen of their future conduct , by shrinking from the responsibility of having advised the dismissal of the late ministers . It was a constitutional maxim , founded in wisdom , that the king could do no wrong ; for if he could , what scenes of bloodshed must ensue before he could be brought to do justice . The parliament , he said , had done nothing that could require a dissolution . The reason alledged for it was , the expediency of taking the sense of the people . That , he contended , was the late ministers , and instanced the great county of York . His lordship then adverted to the accusations against the late ministers , for opposing the government . One would think , he observed , on hearing these , that