of the present act , and yet the clogging it with one clause similar to that now objected to , might render it so unpalatable that many gentlemen who , like himself , were not otherwise unfriendly to the measure , might rather wish to see Ireland take its chance than thus relinquish one of its dearest and most valuable rights . It was hardly possible , but that in the execution of such an act as the present , innocent persons should suffer wrong . Their country , however , would still be naturally dear to them , and they would cheer themselves with the hope that they had still a remedy left ; that they had still a jury to protect them , and to redress the wrongs they had sustained . If the clause now objected to , however , should pass , they could have no such consolation . They might appeal to a jury ; a jury might give them redress ; but they might then find the judge interpose , and deprive them of that recompence for their wrongs to which they were justly entitled . He would ask , could a man in this situation have the same feelings towards his country as if no such clause had found its way into the present bill ? related two cases in which the precipitancy of the magistrates had been the run of two worthy individuals ; the one , that of a merchant who was taken upon suspicion ; 100,000l . bail was offered for his appearance at the necessary time ; this was refused ; the man 's business was 919 ruined for want of his own presence to conduct it , and he became a bankrupt . He afterwards went out to America ; he carried with him the disease of the mind which had thus been occasioned , became melancholy , his senses were deranged , and he made an attempt upon his life . Another person was apprehended in the county of Tipperary , because he was guilty of having a piece of French manuscript in his pocket , and by order of the sheriff he was flogged , because the sheriff in his extreme loyal zeal concluded that the manuscript must be seditious , or it would not have been written in French , a language which he did not understand . He therefore intreated gentlemen to look a little at the other side ; to feel a little for the injured individual as well as for the erring magistrates . always considered the principle of the revenue laws a very deplorable departure from the general principles of British legislation , and could not readily be induced to think that we ought to adopt what must be in some instances an unjust exception , instead of what was an acknowledged , just , and liberal established rule . The case of Sutton and Johnston was a singular exception not extremely worthy of imitation . was afraid this excellent bill was in danger of being frittered away . said , that if this clause was omitted , all the preceding clauses might be cancelled also . spoke , from his own experience , in support of the clause . declared , that in every principle of justice we were bound to administer relief to the injured individual , even though it should not be done at the expence of the magistrate . reprobated severely the injustice of the measure : as a matter of policy even , it was to be considered , that such a measure would naturally irritate men 's minds—when they felt that they had suffered damage , when they appealed to a court of justice , and a jury awarded them some compensation in damages , and yet it was not in the power of the jury to extend to the in ividual that justice to which they knew he was entitled . When he saw the verdict of the jury superseded by the decision of the judge , was that a way to reconcile the feelings of Irishmen ? was that a way to bind