deeply regretting that such circumstances should have occurred . He highly approved of that , part of his majesty 's speech , which desired that the inquiries into the public expenditure should be resumed , and agreed with the noble earl , that it was an additional incitement for expressing their attachment to his majesty , which he hoped would be expressed unanimously . for the purpose of moving an amendment , when he considered the manner in which the last parliament was dissolved , and the speech which had been now put into the mouth of his majesty , his lordship said he could not avoid expressing his greatest surprize at the conduct of his majesty 's ministers . The last parlialiament , beyond any other , had teemed , with measures of the greatest importance to the country , many of which were interrupted by its sudden and abrupt dissolution—a dissolution which had also been productive of the greatest inconvenience and distress to numerous individuals , from the interruption given to a great number of private bills . It had been urged by the supporters of the present ministers , that this inconvenience might be easily remedied by taking up those bills at the stages where they were left ; but this operated to establish a principle pregnant with the utmost danger to the country , and he did not believe that the noble and learned lord upon the woolsack would defend the principle of resorting upon such an occasion , to a suspension of their standing orders . He could not forget the solemn mockery with which the Scots Judges were ordered to attend at the bar of the house , when it must be well known to his majesty 's ministers that the bar would be , as it was , closed against them by the king 's commissioners coming to the house to prorogue the parliament . Viewing all the circumstances under which the last parliament was dissolved , he could only consider that dissolution as a strong and arbitrary measure—a measure to which those ministers alone were entitled to resort who possessed the confidence of the country . What pretensions had the present ministers to the 582 confidence of the country ? they had already been tried in the public balance and had been proved wanting . They had only received the accession of a gentleman , certainly highly respectable , who had quitted his own profession to embark in politics , and who had since chiefly distinguished himself by fulminating anathemas , not only against Catholics , but against all descriptions of meeting-houses , nay , even against Synagogues ; in short , against every person who would not sign the test of the infallibility of the present administration . After the parliament was dissolved the most Jacobinical means were resorted to , to inflame and irritate the country , a cry of `` no popery '' was set up , commencing with an address to the electors of Northampton , bursting into open riot at Bristol and Liverpool , and extending over the whole country the most irritating and inflammatory influence . It was , indeed , fortunate that the horrors which were witnessed in the metropolis in the year 1780 , had not been revived ; but no exertions seemed to have been spared to produce that irritation , which only fell short of the same horrible results . The noble earl who had moved , and the noble lord who had seconded the address , had spoken much of their attachment to his majesty . He did not mean to dispute their attachment ; but he trusted they would not claim a monopoly of loyalty and attachment to his majesty . He revered his sovereign as much as these noble lords could do ; nor would he be outdone in that affection and attachment which were due to his majesty 's public and private virtues . He could not , however , suffer himself to be blinded by that attachment into a neglect or compromise of the principles of the constitution ; and when he saw these principles violated by