been paid , and that they then had fallen to the ground . What expedient was to be resorted to in this case , he knew not ; he should be glad to that individuals could be relieved from inconveniences occasioned by the misconduct of his majesty 's ministers . But the house must be careful that in remedying a private inconvenience , they did not open a door to public evil , and afford facilities to subsequent ministers to dissolve a parliament , without having a stronger necessity for the dissolution , than what had been described by the noble lord and the hon . gent . opposite . So much for private inconvenience : with respect to public business , many useful measures had been depending on the dissolution ; some might be resumed ; others could not . The Reversion bill was one , perhaps , which might again be brought in . His noble friend 's finance plan , good faith to the public creditor demanded should be speedily discussed and renewed . With respect to the Finance Committee , the hon . seconder seemed to be surprised that ministers should be supposed to have any wish to stop inquiry . Without imputing to the ministers any such wish , this he knew ; that the dissolution had impeded the progress of the committee , and that there was no likelihood of its labours being completed in the present session . It was a Committee of Enquiry ; and if many new members should be added , to it , they would , perhaps , not arrive at the result which the last committee had reached , without a fresh investigation of the evidence . As the committee was to be revived , he trusted that , as nearly as could be , the same members would be appointed , and that the would be chosen openly and not by ballot ; in this case , they might , perhaps , prosecute the chief objects of their enquiry with effect , notwithstanding the serious interruption which they had experienced . With respect to the members of which the committee was to be composed , some facts had been lately developed in the fourth Report of the Commissioners of Military Inquiry , which might render necessary some change in the members . Still more , on the 27th of April , parliament was dissolved ; on the 24th of April , there had been alarming accounts laid on the 618 table , of the finances of the East India Company . What time gentlemen opposite purposed to do , he knew not . It had been in he contemplation of his majesty 's late ministers , to propose some expedient by which the company might have been relieved without imposing any additional burdens on the people . The proposition having been made , it might have remained a subject for consideration until the next session of parliament ; but by the course which his majesty 's present ministers pursued , in not proposing any measure before the 27th April , and thus by allowing no time for investigation , they had reduced themselves to the necessity of adopting , at present , almost any thing which offered itself . With regard to the state of the supplies at time dissolution , the necessary votes for the different services , and the sanction which his noble friends plan had obtained , nearly set that subject at rest ; but still the Irish money bills had not been passed , and the consequence was , that there was not now sufficient time to pass those bills ( the Irish Custom bill in particular ) ; consistent with those forms which parliament had wisely provided , and which never yet had been departed from . Either the Collection of that part of the revenue must be suspended , or the forms of parliament must be violated ; a circumstance which he strongly deprecated . Should ministers take upon themselves to collect without the authority of law , a tax on the people of Ireland , they would be highly reprehensible