crimes . was disposed to vote for the more severe punishment , on account of the answer which the petitioner gave to the house yesterday ; but on account of his age and infirmity , he should not oppose any lenity which might be proposed to be shewn to him . thought the house had been somewhat remiss in not promulgating the law upon this subject , and was therefore disposed to be lenient in the present instance.—The house then divided . For the original motion 45 ; for the amendment 29 ; majority 16 . The house having re- 1008 solved itself into a committee of supply , rose to call the attention of the committee to the Report of the Royal College of Physicians , respecting the mode discovered by Dr. Jenner , of preventing the small-pox , the severest infliction , as a disease , to which mankind was subject . Whatever might have been the origin of the discovery , it had never been known , before that gentleman made it public , that the Vaccine disease could be communicated by inoculation . If that discovery should prevent the smallpox , it was hardly possible to characterize its value in terms too strong . When the committee considered the advantages that had already resulted from it , and that would in future result from it , when the prejudice that existed against it should subside , he was sure the committee would not consider the proposition he meant to make extravagant , but liberal and just to the individual . Nothing was so difficult as to fix upon any standard , whereby to measure what should be the grant of that house upon such an occasion . The subject had been under the consideration of parliament some years since , but then there had not been time to satisfy the house of the value of the discovery , and therefore only 10,000l . had been voted to Dr. Jenner , instead of 20,000l . which his friends had proposed . The enquiry that had been recently made , was perfectly satisfactory to his mind , and consequently he proposed to move a grant of 10,000l . which , with the sum already granted to Dr. Jenner , would amount to the sum originally proposed by his friends to be voted to him . It was unnecessary for him to urge any more arguments in support of his proposition , to those who had read the Report . If they assumed , that the inoculation for the small-pox was a benefit to mankind , they might then be able to estimate how much greater a benefit this discovery was , which , as appeared by the report , Was a certain security against the small-pox . It appeared , that of those who had that disease naturally , one in six died , whilst of those inoculated for that disease , only one in 300 died . But of 164,381 cases of persons vaccinated , only three had died , which made the mortality only one in 54,741 . It would be impossible after that statement , to represent more favourably the advantages of the discovery . And when the deaths and all the cases of inconvenience that had occurred , in that number of cases were 1009 taken together , they amounted to 179 only out of the 164,381 , Which was an infinitely smaller proportion than the actual mortality by the inoculation for the small-pox . But it was not this country alone that was benefited by the discovery , the whole World participated in the advantages resulting from it . An objection might be made to the utility of the discovery , because it tended to increase population , but he should prefer the principles of practical humanity , in preserving life where it existed , to the encouragement of those checks mentioned by Mr. Malthus , whereby population might be kept down . If they were to go into a calculation of the number of lives that had been saved by the discovery , and the expence to the public spared by the