of a million which was to have been paid to Prussia , if the campaign had gone on . The house , which had voted away much larger sum for subsidies within the last 14 years , with so little benefit , ought to be particularly jealous of any considerable expence on that head now . His noble friend , now absent had decidedly disclaimed the policy of inviting the continental powers , by the temptation of subsidies , to enter into wars in which they were not previously disposed to engage ; but finding them engaged in a war for objects that concerned the common interest , the policy of assisting them with subsidies , granted on sure grounds and with good discretion , would lie open . But the first consideration in granting a subsidy was , what was to be got in return , and what possible means had the king of Prussia , at the time this treaty was entered into , to perform any service adequate to the million he was to receive ? Was it not physically impossible that he could bring into action a force proportionate to it ? It was rumoured , moreover , he knew not on what authority , that the sum that had already been paid to Prussia in the prospect of this subsidiary service , had been expended for purposes to which this country Would not willingly contribute a single shilling , for the purpose of maintaining certain establishments at Berlin , with the expences of which Bonaparte charged the king of Prussia , and for which those about that monarch had engaged him to pay . If the king of Prussia was in a situation to submit to have money extorted from him by the emperor of France , that certainly was not a time at which this country ought to advance money to the king of Prussia . He thought it would be possible to frame an address to his majesty , so as to cause the treaty to be laid before the house . Next , with respect to the engagements 1030 with Sweden , it was said that his Swedish majesty had not so many troops as his first subsidy bound him to furnish ; he was glad to hear from the right hon . gent . what he had ; but the means and the utility of making the augmentation were still uncertain . though he could not say he was prepared to second an motion the hon , gent . might make with view to obtain information , was yet willing to give him every possible facility with respect to the object he had in view . The advance of 100,000l . would not have been made , except in the prospect of the contingency on which the treaty turned , nor till the exigency became so pressing , that it came to the alternative , whether the king of Prussia would be able to make a further struggle or not . With respect to the security of the due application of the money to services not foreign to British interests , the advance was made when the removal of the ministers devoted to the French government , and the appointment of baron Hardenberg to the head of the Prussian cabinet , afforded a sufficient guarantee . As long as there was reason to suppose that any sums saved from the wreck of the Prussian treasures at Berlin , remained unexhausted ; as long as there was room to suspect that any sums at the disposal of the Prussian government were applied to any purposes inconsistent with British objects ; so long all advances had been withheld . It was not till all these objections had been removed , that British liberality had been extended . He had further to assure the house , that till the very end of the campaign , the king of Prussia had had a considerable effective force , which lord Hutchinson stated to be most vigorously and effectively employed . Whatever might have been the result of this unfortunate campaign , it was at least a