the recruiting for the regular army , by causing a competition . When the militia was on the original plan , raised for only 3 years , and serving principally in their own counties , then the balloted men often served , and acquired military habits , which induced them afterwards to enter into the regular army ; but when that old practice was changed , and they were marched out of their counties , and kept on the footing of regular regiments , then the men who were balloted no longer served , but obtained substitutes , at large bounties , which injured materially the regular army , by the competition which it gave rise to . maintained the propriety of our having different descriptions of troops , particularly with a view to home defence . But as the power of making effective attack was among the most powerful means of defence , and as our regular army was the only offensive force that we had in addition to our navy , he thought an increase of the line most necessary in this momentous crisis . The noble lord took a comparative view of the effects of the measures of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) for recruiting the army , and the Additional Force Act , and contended that this latter would have been equally productive if allowed a fair trial . Considering the state of Europe , and of the British empire , menaced with all the rage of the conqueror ; the state of Ireland too , for though he counted much upon the loyalty of the Catholics of Ireland , and was convinced that they would repel with indignation the seducing appeals of the bishop of Quimper , yet he could not help thinking that Ireland was vulnerable , acid therefore to be watched with peculiar care , and guarded with an ample fore : —under all these circumstances the exigency was obvious , and this was the best means of providing for it . began by saying that he was anxious to express his sentiments of the bill before it went into a committee , because he had not yet heard that made out which ought to have been proved in the first instance , namely the necessity of the case . He had heard nothing to convince him that such emergency as had been stated existed at present , and until he was convinced of that , he could not assent to the bill in its outset . And here he could not help making one observation , that in the whole course of those wars so protracted , when that house was so often and so solemnly told by Mr. Pitt , that not an hour was to be lost , that the wisdom of the country must at once and for ever resolve upon the best means of bringing forth its strength , and that after all those warnings , and consultations , and measures proposed , agreed to , and acted upon , that still we were now as we were at first ; that from the year 1793 to 1807 , nothing had yet been effectually done in the way of determining upon some satisfactory mode of national defence . This was extraordinary , but it was not unaccountable , for upon a review of all those different plans and schemes , it did appear that they were calculated to act only on great emergencies . They were provided against incidental events , and therefore were not of that permanent nature necessary to the progressive improvement of a wise and comprehensive system of military defence ; therefore it was , that the plans of that statesman , as to the defence of the country , were not found to answer . The Additional Force Act , considered as a measure of security , entirely failed . And , now , what were they about to do ? merely to provide , as it was said , against an emergency . But then , the present could not be said to be one of Mr. Pitt