were for making greater , others less drafts from the militia ; while others again deprecated the touching it altogether . The militia was allowed to be in a higher state of perfection , and to be more complete in officers , than at any former period for these 14 years . Why , then , did it not furnish more facilities than at any former moment towards the object which it was now so necessary to attend to and to accomplish ? Our military force was now more scattered abroad than at any former period : it was therefore more necessary to feed and compact that force than before . He did not flatter himself with a nearer prospect of peace than the gentlemen on the other side : but this he felt , that our military system should be adapted to both situations , and partake of either prospect . When so calculated , it might be framed and kept up at a smaller expence . As to the right hon . gent . who spoke last but one , he seemed to lose sight altogether of the dangers which he formerly dreaded from France . His apprehensions on that score seemed wholly to have vanished , and all his faculties seemed now to be absorbed in the admiration of his own military plan , which he seemed to think had succeeded beyond his most sanguine dreams . Still , however , all that happy result was yet to come . We were to look for it at the distance of two years ; and in the interim , it seems , were to expect that Bonaparte would become grey , and be no longer anxious for any thing but peace ; and then we should be able to defend the country without any measure like that he 968 had the honour to propose . Such , however , was not the opinion of that great man ( Mr. Fox ) , who was now no more , and whose extraordinary talents added such authority to any opinion he expressed . He thought it necessary our military force should be raised to the utmost pitch , and such as should surpass the proudest periods of our military renown . Let us compare , however , the dangers of the country , even at that day , with what they now were , and how would they appear increased ? when the powers of the continent were so much less able to assist us , and when we had an enemy to contend with , so much more confident of victory and flushed with new triumphs . Besides , our disposable force under these aggravated difficulties was rendered less available by the late administration , who had scattered it in so many directions , and who had made no preparation whatever towards averting these dangers . On the 24th of January last , the moment when they should have been preparing for some active enterprise to open the campaign , they dismissed from the public service every transport that was not absolutely necessary for the ordinary routine business of the Channel service , and nothing was left for offensive operations . Whatever expedition , therefore , it might have been prudent to undertake , not a shadow of preparation was left to support it . By the former administration , not a single exertion was made to rescue Prussia ; she was suffered to perish before our eyes . Such was the situation in which they had left the present ministers , with nothing to inherit from them but weakness , difficulties , and distress . expressed his surprise , that , after his majesty 's ministers had deprecated all personal allusions , the noble lord should have made charges of a nature similar to that with which he concluded his speech , and should have taken the opportunity of making so uncandid an attack , when all the members of the late administration had spoken in the debate . Whatever was to be regretted in the distribution of the public force by the late government , he contended