could confidently say , that he never saw any scarcity whatever of medicines , surgeons stores , or provisions , on board any ship that came under his observation . never rose with more regret , because he did feel the utmost apprehension , that the effect of such a discussion as that provoked by the noble lord , would do material injury to the discipline of the navy . No redress had ever been applied for to the Admiralty upon any of the grounds stated by the noble lord ; and in what condition , he would ask , was the navy to be placed , if an inferior officer could bring his commander in chief to the bar of that house . With respect to the time a ship ought to be at sea , that depended on 762 the necessity of the case , and not on the will of a commander in chief . But a good officer would not be forward to complain of such a thing . His hon . friend who spoke last was 13 months off Cape Finisterre , and his hon . friend who preceded him , was 5 months off Rochefort ; yet neither were ever heard to complain . No ; they knew their duty too well , and , like good officers , were reconciled to it . As to the injury to the health of the men , by keeping ships at sea , he would maintain that nothing was inure erroneous than the notion of the noble lord ; for the fact was , that it always so happened , that seamen came ashore to get sick , and went to sea to get healthy . [ A laugh , and cry of hear ! hear ! ] As to the charge about fresh provisions , the hon . officer maintained , that nothing could be more untenable ; for fresh provisions were sent to the fleet as often as they could be necessary , and in the best state that was practicable to convey them . With regard to surgeons stores , they were supplied under the administration of lord St. Vincent , precisely according to the plan originated either by lord Melville or lord Barham , he could not recollect which ; and this was the first day he had ever heard it stated , that there was any scarcity whatever of those stores . If , however , such stores were wanted , why not apply to the executive government , and not bring it forward in that house ? Unless such an application was found ineffectual , he contended that such a business ought not to be brought before that house.—As to the order for having persons reviewed , by the surgeon of the commander in chief , before they were sent to the hospital , he explained that to be with a view to prevent men to he disposed of who were fit to serve . For while officers could send men to the hospital on the Mere certificate of their own surgeon , they , naturally anxious for a good crew , were too apt to make use of their influence with the surgeon , to send any man to the hospital whom they did not happen to like.—The allusion to the residence of the commander in chief in London , could derive no influence but from delusion . He did so on account of his health . Besides the Channel Fleet was in different divisions , and the fact was , that for the purpose of communicating with each , the noble lord had better be ashore than at sea . Indeed , unless he took the station of junior admiral , he could not consistently join any of the divisions . For that noble earl he could only say , that he had no objection whatever to 763 the production of any paper or document that related to his conduct ; but for himself , he must observe , that disliking the whole discussion , or the introduction of such a subject at all in that house ,