electors or the elected . It was to that house , which could not be affected by the dissolution , that he seemed to look . They could not be dissolved , and from them his lordship seemed to expect a redress of all the evils he supposed to exist . He desired of the noble and learned lord to look to the year 1806 , when parliament had been formerly dissolved ; there had then been no embarrassing circumstances to render the dissolution necessary ; there had been no votes of either house , which indicated a wish to impede the Measures of government ; yet that ministry , of which the noble and learned lord formed a part , had chosen to advise a dissolution of parliament . He wished to know in what respect the present ministers were more to blame for having recourse to such a measure , than the late ministers had been . The enquiry into which the late ministers bad forced the two houses of parliament , he considered the most unconstitutional proceeding in which that house had ever been engaged . The permission of his majesty to bring forward this statement , so far from mending the matter , made , it infinitely worse . It was using his majesty 's own permission to drag him to the bar of parliament . Such permission ought never to have been asked , and never to have been acted on . His majesty 's conduct , however , had in consequence been made a subject of enquiry in both houses of parliament , in a manner which had never formerly been witnessed ; and nothing , he presumed , could be more natural than , after such a discussion , to submit the subject to the sense of the country , while the circumstances were fresh in the recollection of the people . A firm and vigorous administration , it was ad- 780 mitted , was necessary for the country . He had no hesitation in declaring it as his opinion , that the present was as firm and gorous as the late administration . It was his wish to render it as firm and vigorous as possible ; and with this view , he . had no hesitation in acknowledging , that he was probably one of the most strenuous advisers of his majesty to the dissolution of parliament . His lordship contended that so far were the acts of parliament against Roman Catholics , from being calculated to exclude them from the pale of the British Constitution the only way to secure that constitution both to them and to every other class of subjects in the country was . to maintain these acts . Toleration and power were very different . The British constitution gave toleration to every class of its subjects ; but the very nature of the thing rendered it necessary that that power should be vested where it was most calculated to produce and to preserve the good of the whole . If persons who by refusing to qualify themselves for offices of power and trust , had still complete toleration allowed them , they had the benefits of the British constitution . With what consistency , however , he would ask , could the noble lord stop with the officers of the army and navy ? why should not the immunity extend to the lawyer also , and to every officer in the civil government of the country ? Granting all that the most zealous friends to Catholic emancipation could desire , he was convinced would not produce unanimity in the country . At all events , little would be gained if , in conciliating the Catholics , government should lose the veneration of the Protestants . contended , that . the , order , of council was a violation of the law and the constitution , springing out of an act as ill judged as it was unnecessary , meaning that exercise of the prerogative in the dissolution of the late parliament , which ministers so unfortunately , in his opinion , advised . It was a