on them without partiality . For all these reasons , my lords , I think the volunteer system is inferior in equity as well as in efficiency , to the system of training the people at large , first laid down by the act of 1803 , commonly called the Levy en Masse Act . That act , though its principles are in my opinion unquestionably just and important , has unfortunately not been carried into execution , and was replaced last year by a new training bill , differing from it in no essential point , and in scarcely any that can be deemed an improvement . Both acts , however , distinctly lay down and proceed upon the great and important principle , that military , service for the internal defence of the kingdom is a general duty on all the subjects of the crown—that it is the right of the state to call for that service , in any way that may be deemed most proper and expedient.— 1136 The rules for apportioning this service among the people , appear to me to be founded in juster principles in the act of 1803 , than in that of last year . A classification is made of the male population of the kingdom , within the ages of military duty , according to the age and domestic circumstances of each individual ; and it is the clear intention of the act that the youngest of the men who are come to the age of maturity , and those who are least incumbered with families , ought to be the first called on for military service . The evident propriety of this principle is such as to need no commentary ; but in the application of this principle I would incline to deviate in a small degree , from the provisions of the act to which I have alluded . By this act , the first class is to include all unmarried men between the ages of seventeen and thirty . The age of seventeen is perhaps too young : —that of eighteen is low enough to be taken as the standard of manhood : and I should think the first class sufficiently extensive , if it included all from that age to twenty-four or five . Within these limits it does not appear necessary to make any distinction of married or unmarried . The number of married men of this age will not be very numerous : and there is no probability that they should have such numerous families , as to call for any relaxation in their favour . Those who have paid a due attention to the valuable speculations of Mr. Malthus , certainly will not think it a politic measure to make any distinction , that might operate as a temptation to premature marriages among the common people ; and , since we must consider the measures now to be adopted as of permanent continuance , these remote effects are not to be overlooked . At all events , the number of married persons of this age can not be so considerable as to occasion much inconvenience , even though it were necessary to adopt some means of providing for their families at the public expense ; and this would be preferable to the allowance of an exemption , which might have the effect of deranging the whole system.—Calculating upon this principle , from approved tables of the ordinary duration of human life , the population of Great Britain would afford nearly 600,000 men between the ages of eighteen and twenty-five ; and from the returns made under the Levy en Masse Act , there is ground to believe that , after deducting sea-faring men and all others exempted by that act , there 1137 will remain liable to military duty upwards of 500,000 men within the description of the first class here laid down . This number , my lords , I am inclined to consider as sufficient for the object in view ; and on this account it appears to be unnecessary to extend the first class any further . Perhaps , however