perhaps of some favoured guest ) shall furnish an occasion for falling upon them with redoubled fury . It was not to be expected that militia officers , who had made such sacrifices in the service , and bestowed such pains in disciplining their respective regiments , should not be disgusted at having their best disciplined men taken from them . It was still more provoking to hear , that this was done for the purpose of erecting a force for home defence . It was not , as had been well observed by his right hon . friend , for foreign expeditions that this measure was resorted to , but for home defence , for which the militia had been expressly formed . If the crisis called for such a measure , he was convinced the militia colonels , who had already made so many sacrifices in the service of their country , would be willing to submit to this also ; but , then , they had a right to expect that the necessity of the sacrifice should be proved : as the country also had a claim to be satisfied , that it was necessary and proper for the purposes of immediate defence to begin by breaking up so large a portion of the existing force.—This , however , was only the first effect of the noble lord 's measure . The further and more lasting consequence was the destroying the ardour and confidence of the militia service for years to come . What could the men in the militia think of their offi- 884 cers , or what could the officers think of themselves , when they were told , that , if invasion was really to come , it was necessary to put the men under other leaders , and that those who had hitherto been at their head , who had been devoting their lives in preparation for a crisis such as was now arrived , were not the persons fit to conduct them into action , but must give way to others more proper for that office ? If this was not an indignity , he was at a loss to know what was ; or how it was possible to do more to put down , from this time forward , all zeal in the officers of militia to improve their regiments , and all belief on the part of the regiments that it was worth while to improve them , or that they could ever be brought to a state in which they should be able to face the enemy.—But , to return to the immediate effects of the measure , and abandoning for the moment all consideration of its future consequences , how was it to tell for its professed purpose of immediate defence ? For a certain time to come , the effect of this measure of strength could be no other than weakness . In whatever degree the hon . gentlemen might choose to describe the superiority of a regular regiment over a regiment of militia , they would hardly go the length of saying , that the worst of the first class was superior to the best of the other . They would not pretend to say , that there was not a period , and perhaps a pretty long one , during which the regular regiment , with its new recruits , would not remain inferior to , what the militia was before these recruits were taken from it ; and during this period , whether of longer or shorter continuance , the country must be the weaker . Thus far , therefore , there could he no plea of necessity ; for it never could be necessary for a country , with a view at least to any immediate pressure , to make itself weak . But a time will come , it seems , when the measure will make us strong . And with a view to this it is that we are to begin to calculate , comparing the degree of strength to be thus obtained , and the length of time during