, 1098 whatever the necessity might be now , that necessity might be at an end within a 12 month . At all events , the ease was doubtful , and the Irish people should have the benefit of that doubt . Enacting the bill for one year did not preclude its revival , should it appear necessary , any more than the revival of the Mutiny bill , which , from the same considerations which actuated his mind upon this occasion , parliament had taken care to pass annually , although its necessity was undisputed and its principle unquestionable.—The house then divided upon lord H Petty 's amendment , and the numbers were Ayes 34 ; Noes 79 . List of the Minority . Barham , J. F.Milton , lord Bouveric , E.Petty , lord H. Bernard . T.Pigott , sir A . Brand , T.Parry , L. P. J. Calcraft , J.Ponsonby , J. Craig , J.Romilly , Sir S. Cavendish , W.Russell , lord W. Cuthbert , J. R.Sheridan , R. B. Dillon , H. A.Somerville , sir M. Dundas , W.Smith , W. Elliot , W.Sharpe , R. Hibbert , G.Talbot , R. Jervoise , J. C.Windham , W. Lamb , W.Ward . J. W. Lubbock , sir J.Whitbread , S. Millar , sir T.Tellers . Moore , P.Creevey , T. Martin , H.Dawson , R. Maxwell , W. moved the second reading of this bill . He could adduce , he said , instances of the most atrocious oppression practised by the magistrates on individuals of this trade ; he did not say designedly , but from carelessness and inattention . All that he wished was , that , when a publican was charged with an act which was to be esteemed sufficient to deprive him of his license , he should be informed of the nature of the crime imputed to him , and should be heard in his defence not that he and his family should be deprived of their livelihood by a whisper . This , he maintained , was not a situation in which an Englishman should be placed . It had , he believed , been objected against him , that this was the mode he had taken of canvassing Westminster . How truly this was alledged might be gathered from this simple fact , that one of the first measures moved by him in parliament was of a similar nature . Shortly after the riots in the year 1780 , he 1099 himself originated a measure against the Westminster Justices , in which he had the satisfaction of being supported by a most respectable minority . Shortly after this , the late duke of Northumberland put an additional number of gentlemen into the commission of the peace , among the rest himself , ( Mr. S. ) .—General Fitzpatrick , lord R. Spencer , and other gentlemen on that side of the house , finding , during the immediately succeeding election for Westminster , that the publicans , through fear of the magistrates , all of whom were in the interest of government , could not be induced to open any houses in favour of Mr. Fox , though they had not previously qualified themselves as magistrates , they resolved to do so , and immediately advertised , promising their protection to such publicans is should act impartially by opening their houses for the independent candidate . In this determination they could only find one of the existing magistrates who would join them , and add his name to their corps . [ A laugh from the ministerial benches . ] Gentlemen , Mr. S. remarked , might , if they pleased , think it a subject of congratulation , and that it conferred honour and respectability on the magistracy of Westminster , that not more than one man could be found among them to add his name to a resolution expressive of their determination to act fairly and impartially . He had only stated this , however , to skew that the present was not an idea which he had now taken up for the first time .