be well to enter into the consideration of such of them as would require commissioners to be sent to Ireland , in order that the commissions might act during the vacation.—The several orders were then discharged , and , beginning with the petitions complaining of double returns , the various petitions were fixed for consideration , on the 9th , 1Oth , 11th , & c , of September . rose , and expressed himself happy to see a noble lord ( Hawkesbury ) in his place , from whom he felt desirous to obtain an answer to a question , respecting which his uneasiness every day increased . The object of that question was to learn from the noble lord , if it was the intention of his majesty 's ministers to propose any new measure for the Defence of the Country , or to follow up , on a more extended scale , the system that had already been adopted , so as to make it bear some proportion to the increasing dangers of the empire . He felt it his duty to take this step , in order to relieve not only his own anxiety , but the anxiety that every one must feel at a moment so alarming as the present : should he have the satisfaction to receive such an answer as he expected , then he should have to request the noble lord to state the time when it was likely such a proposition could be brought forward , adding his wish that it might he on an early day ; for as the danger increased every hour , he thought it a matter of the most urgent importance , that it should be provided against without delay . was happy to be able to assure the noble viscount and the house , that the subject of the military state of the country had occupied the attention of ministers from their very entrance into office . It might not be proper at the present moment to enter into any explanation of the principle , or of the details of the measure they should have to propose , but the day was not distant when such an explanation should be amply given , and when reasons should be adduced for having deferred it till now . Indeed , on this very day it was expected that a notice would be given in another house , of the introduction of the measure to which the noble viscount had alluded . intimated the necessity of doing now much more than had as yet been attempted , towards the defence and security of the country . He had observed , with the greatest satisfaction , that on the part of the coast which he had lately visited , the system of the Martello towers had been considerably increased . moved the order of the day , for the second reading of the bill to indemnify ministers for continuing in force the provi- 770 sions of the American trade bill , which had expired during the recess . The noble earl defended the measure , on the ground of policy and precedent . He allowed that the law had been violated by ministers , but that violation was justified by the reasons of public advantage and benefit which resulted from it , and which parliament had almost uniformly received as a satisfactory justification of such a conduct . Indeed , were it not a violation of the law , why should the crown surrender its prerogative , and come to parliament for a bill of indemnity , when it was obvious no law had been infringed ? He could safely deny that the rate of duties had been raised or diminished in any material degree , or where it would have been safe to have acted otherwise . As to the allowing American ships to carry certain articles contrary to the navigation act , that permission was justified by the same policy and necessity ; for it would have been much to the detriment of our trade if American ships were on a sudden prohibited to carry such articles