such a question , than one who enjoyed an office that had devolved upon him by a reversionary grant . He had never understood that it was in contemplation to deprive such persons of their offices , and he was therefore at a loss to conceive , why persons of that description might not as well as any other persons exercise their discretion upon the general question . The individual to whom the hon . gent . alluded ( lord Arden ) , and of 1164 his connection with whom he had himself reason to be proud , had on this and every other occasion exercised his own judgment with a view to the public interest . Nothing could be more unfounded or ridiculous than the statement , not that he had heard in that house , but that had reached his ears from another quarter , that , instead of manfully opposing the measures themselves , ministers had sent others down to reject it . It that statement had made any impression either there or in the country , he was glad to take that opportunity of removing it . There was no candid mind that would not allow , that if he were to be actuated by such feelings , he could never have selected a worse person for the purpose , than one so nearly connected with him as the person that had been alluded to . He was ready , however , distinctly to state , that he certainly had known that it was the intention of that person to oppose the measure , on what appeared to him great constitutional grounds of objection . This he had known from a conversation which he had with that person on the subject , in which that person had expressed surprise that he had suffered the measure to pass that house without opposition . But , if he could not produce any change in that person 's opinion , so neither had any been effected in his own , and he admitted that he had felt surprise at the active opposition made to the measure from that quarter . Nothing could be farther from his thoughts than to influence any person on the subject ; so far from it , that he had assured his hon . friend in a communication which he had with him since , that whether he should bring forward his motion for an address or not , no act on the part of his majesty 's government would be resorted to , that could interfere with his views . Before the present motion was brought , he had given his hon . friend his assurance , that even if he should not bring forward any motion , the practice of granting places in reversion , should be discontinued until the subject should come again fairly before the consideration of parliament . If the motion , however , appeared to him at all to interfere with the just respect due to the other branch of the legislature , he should have resisted it ; but it appeared to him to have no such character , he gave it his sincere support . expressed his difference in opinion from the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , as to the importance of the bill to which the motion then before the house referred . That right hon . gent . as of opinion , that it was a matter of extreme doubt , whether the prerogative of the crown received any additional strength , or was diminished by the provisions of that bill ; and also , whether considered as a matter of public economy , it was to be considered as being advantageous or disadvantageous to the interests of the public . In fact , that right hon . gent . thought it to be so unimportant , that he was rather inclined to believe that he did not attend in his place in that house , on the different discussions which took place upon the subject . Now , he ( lord H. Petty ) was of a very opposite opinion