have made returns of a few corps , the great mass of the returns , which by the law were to be made every three months , would still rest on the same authority as the returns to which the hon . bart . had alluded . Mr. Shaw Lefevre contended , that if any relaxation had taken place in the zeal of the Volunteers , it was because there did not appear the same occasion for their services , and that , when the enemy should again appear on the coast , they would again rally round their standards . If the Volunteers had been worked , as formerly , he was sure their numbers would have diminished . The measures of the late administration respecting them , he insisted , were wise . He felt warm on this subject , because he had commanded Volunteer corps ever since 1794 , and he knew them to be attached to their sovereign and the constitution . Whilst he had a limb to stand upon , he should be found at his post , and he was persuaded the Volunteers would be found to adhere steadily to the principles upon which they associated . replied , and contended that such discouraging language as `` armed democracy , '' `` depositaries of panic , '' & c. which had been applied to them in parliament , had principally tended to diminish the numbers of the Volunteers . It was impossible for them , having the feelings of men , to be insensible to terms of reproach , and it required all the influence of their officers to keep them from shewing their sense of them by withdrawing from their corps . He had raised the corps he now commanded , in 1794 , and had the satisfaction to state , that whatever provocation might have been given to the Volunteers , his corps had not been in- 833 fluenced by it.—The motion was then agreed to . moved the order of the day , for the second reading of the East-India Company 's Bonds bill , On the question being put , rose , not to negative the second reading of this bill , but to move that the second reading of it be put off , till the East-India accounts now printing , should be in the hands of members . The house was not in possession of any documents to prove the expediency of agreeing to such a measure . This was the first instance in which that house had been called upon to pass such a measure , without previous enquiry into the grounds upon which it was founded , by having the petition referred to a committee of the house to examine into its allegations . There were at present two budgets in arrear , and the last accounts of the India company , to which the house could resort for information , shewed the affairs of the company to be in a ruinous state . By these accounts it appeared , that there was an excess of above two millions in the company 's foreign expenditure over their revenue , and a loss of 2,200,000l . in their trade at home . Under these circumstances , and whilst the company had a debt of seventeen millions at home , payable at the option of the holders , he did not think that parliament would do right to pass this bill without enquiring what means the company had of discharging , as well their former debt , as this new incumbrance . He should therefore , notwithstanding the prospect held out by the hon . director opposite , of a permanent peace , and consequent prosperity of the affairs of the company , move as an amendment , that the bill be read a second time on this day fortnight . replied , that though the hon . member might be actuated by a desire to promote the public interest , he took the wrong course in his speech , for his arguments were founded in ignorance , not in his knowledge of the subject . The sole