general election , the transaction would have much the appearance of one . Whatever the volunteers might do in a campaign against Buonaparte , they were an effective army in an election campaign . They were a good instrument , and the gentlemen opposite had , even when in opposition , played upon it . He looked upon the destruction of the late system , as having its full share in the object of the ministers in bringing forward this measure . His hon . friend had well said , that the clause introduced into the bill was of no use to it ; but was he sure that the bill itself had not been introduced to receive the clause ? The whole country was with the system brought forward last year , and certainly one half of it was against the present plan . Ministers had been in office many months without bringing forward this measure , till the session was nearly over , and many gentlemen had left town who would he desirous of discussing it . But the defeat of the Russians had produced an emergency to call for the measure . Had they not sagacity to foresee that event ? They seemed to be in the situation of persons walking about in a pleasure ground and coming on what , in the language of modern gard- 1066 ening , is called a sunk-fence , but which , he remembered , used to be called , with reference to the exclamation of surprise that it was supposed to call forth , a ha ! ha ! . Ha ! ha ! said the hon . gentlemen , so the allies have been beat ! I protest I never could have thought it . The French have actually been successful ! could any one have looked for such an event ? Then they are all confusion and bustle , the watch must be called , their rattles sprung , and next in regular order , the dismantling and breaking up of the militia . The measure adopted was calculated to break up all existing establishments ; but he thanked God , that the system of last year had existed long enough to have a right judgement formed of it ; and he should be satisfied to go down to posterity With no other claims to merit than that afforded , as compared with the systems of the right hon . gentlemen opposite . Like the eminent Italian musician , who had a piece of music inscribed on his tomb , or the Dutch mathematician who had a calculation for his epitaph , he should desire no other monument as a statesman than that system . He lamented the measure before the house , more from the effect it would have in destroying the existing system , the benefits of which had begun to be felt , than from any consideration personal to himself , or his hon . friends with whom he had shared in bringing forward that system . On these grounds , therefore , he protested against the present measure.—A division then took place on the third reading . Ayes 76 . Noes 19 . Majority 57 . —The Militia Completion bill was read a third time . On the question for passing the bill , urged the propriety of forming a local militia not to be called out except in cases of imminent danger . With this militia he should like to see amalgamated as great a portion as possible of our volunteer force . He should wish the services of the regular militia to be extended to all parts of the empire . With these provisions we should be safe against any possible invasion . Notwithstanding the very general erection of fortifications there might be many exposed points . There should be depots of arms in central situations , in which a trained population would find a rallying point . The enemy , if he could assail us , would bring a force that would require all our means of defence . said , it was the fixed determination of his majesty 's government