remission of the penalties he had disapproved of that measure , but he could not agree with his noble friend , that it would be an objection to the effect of a bill for raising a similar one now , because it would equally apply to the militia acts , which had not been impeded by it . He had never thought the Defence act which he had brought forward perfect , but he had always considered it as a step taken upon the country towards its military organization . When he brought it forward , he had looked to it more as a stimulus to the volunteer force to keep it up to that amount , which would be adequate to the necessity of the times , than for any immediate effect from its own operation . He did not think that the militia should be reduced below 30,000 , and therefore he wished that after it should be reduced to that number , the militia should be left in that state , and another force arising out of the general training act should be engrafted upon it . As to the observations of his noble friend with respect to the employment of the constable under the training act , he should only say , that as all these measures were new , it had not been thought advisable to subject the persons to be trained to the mutiny act , but rather to try how much the country would bear , and to leave the discipline to be maintained by the constable , who , in former times , was a person of even considerable military command . But he saw no reason why the persons , who should be called out as he proposed , should be subject to the new mutiny act in the same manner as the militia in time of peace . They might be taken out for a fortnight in spring , and a fortnight in autumn each year , and disciplined by the militia regiments , which should be marched into their counties for that purpose . A levy of 200,000 or even 100,000 armed and clothed , and thus engrafted upon the militia , though not to be regularly embodied till the occasion should arrive that called for their service , would compose a most formidable defensive force . This idea was not new , for a similar course had been adopted in 1796 , with respect to the supplemental militia.—He had thought it right to state thus freely his sentiments upon this question , and was confident the country was ripe for such a measure as that he had proposed , if the parliament should set the ex- 880 ample , and that in consequence , by Christmas next , the country would be in a situation to defy all danger . In stating his sentiments on the subject , he had discharged his duty . He saw that the military system of the country was far from perfect ; he was afraid they talked too much on these subjects , whilst so little had been done . He had hoped that they had done with discussions of this description ; but as the subject had been again broached , he trusted the house would take effectual measures for procuring a great army , which , added to our naval pre-eminence , would enable us to bid defiance to the tyrant , who had trampled upon the independence of so many of the continental states . coincided in most of the sentiments expressed by his right hon . friend , though he could not help being surprised at his having introduced into his discussion topics that had no immediate connexion with the question then under consideration . He contended that the measure of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) was adequate to the purposes for which it had been intended , though it might not be sufficient to afford an immediate supply , such as the crisis demanded . His noble friend needed not to apologize for having made his proposition to parliament ; the apology should