for any great length of time . The operations of the enemy may , however , render it indispensable to require this sacrifice from the persons who compose our defensive force . Previously to their grand attempt , the enemy may harass us by frequent false alarms . The volunteers may thus be fatigued by long-continued preparations , or may be disgusted by the frequent recurrence of a summons to the field , repeatedly terminating to no apparent purpose ; and , under the impressions to which this may lead , they may perhaps be remiss in their exertions at the moment of the serious attack . This disadvantage would be in a great measure avoided , if the persons who compose our defensive force were of a different description . A young journeyman , or farm-servant , might certainly be spared from his occupation and his home with infinitely less inconvenience than his master ; and he would probably fight as well , and stand the fatigues of service much better . There is another important consideration , which leads to the same conclusion . Since lives must be lost in the defence of the country , either the risk ought to tall equally on all ; or , if any difference is to be made , those ought to be exempted from the post of danger , whose lives are of most consequence to the good of society . In the volunteer system , the very opposite to this rule takes place : those who are selected to be exposed to the weapons of the enemy , are chiefly men of the middle classes of society , upon most of whom there are many other individuals dependent for their maintenance and their welfare . By any great slaughter among men of this description , the œconomy of society would be deranged , infinitely more than in proportion to the mere numerical amount of lives lost . Such a loss upon a class of men , the peculiar pride and distinguishing feature of our country , would be a national calamity not easily to be repaired ; and in this view the 1135 employment of a military force , composed as the volunteers in general are , must be considered as a species of profusion , for which no pecuniary advantage can sufficiently compensate . Lastly , it does not seem equitable that those who are , from their age and circumstances , the most suitable persons to defend the country , should be exempted from this duty , merely because they are not so well disposed as others , who are perhaps by nature less qualified . Still more must it be reckoned unfair , that the pecuniary burthen of the defence of the country should be made to bear harder on the loyal and zealous , than on those who are otherwise . In the establishment of the volunteer corps , a preference was shown , from very natural motives , of public œconomy , to those corps which agreed to serve on terms apparently the least burthen-some to the public revenue . It can not however be overlooked , that any advantage which could thus be gained to the revenue , could only arise from the individual volunteers taking upon themselves a greater share of the actual expense of their own establishment . The burthen , to which many of them have thus subjected themselves , is of very serious amount , and is evidently a real and effective tax , not less than if it were collected from them , and paid out again from the exchequer , and this tax is levied exclusively from the liberal and the zealous . It must surely appear more consistent with justice , that the whole expense of the defence of the kingdom should be paid by the public at large , and raised from every man according to his pecuniary means ; and also that the personal service required should be fixed by law , —that a general rule should point out the description of persons on whom this duty ought to fall , and impose it