ballot accompanied , as ours now is , with the power of substitution ; but it is evident , that this effect , arises from substitution and 1149 not fromballot , —that no such effect would arise from a ballot , if the individuals balloted were to serve in person.—I know my lords , that the power of serving by substitute is considered as necessary , for mitigating the severity of the ballot , and for obviating the excessive hardship which might be occasioned in particular cases , it the individual whose name is drawn were under the absolute necessity of quitting his home and his business . But this hardship may be obviated by other means less objectionable than the power of serving by substitute . I would propose , my lords , as a commutation for this power , that those who are anxious to avoid the necessity of serving in person , should be allowed , upon payment of an adequate pecuniary fine , before the ballot takes place , to take their name out of the list of those subject to be drawn . When every individual has thus an opportunity of withdrawing himself beforehand from the operation of the ballot , there would be no necessity of leaving any power of serving by substitute , and those whose names are actually drawn , should be bound to serve in person . It is evident , that by this arrangement , we should avoid the pernicious effect of the ballot , in drawing off , as substitutes , persons who would otherwise be disposed to enlist into the troops of the line . At the same time , it does not appear that such an arrangement would occasion to individuals any greater oppression than the present form of ballot , since the payment of a fine before the ballot would not be a more severe tax , than the burthen of paying a substitute after it.—I do not mean , my lords , to argue , that this arrangement would be sufficient to do away every objection to the ballot . That is certainly an institution which I think it would be very desireable to avoid altogether ; and I would anxiously wish that the supply of men , for our regular force of all descriptions , could be trusted entirely to the operation of voluntary enlistment . If , however , that is impracticable ; if a compulsory levy must be made , and if ballot must be resorted to , I can not but consider this as a less objectionable form of ballot than that now established . Perhaps , by some further ameliorations , the oppressive severity of that institution might be still more alleviated . The age of the men subject to the operation of the ballot should be reduced , and ought not , I think , to extend beyond twenty-five years : the period of service imposed should also be limited 1150 to three years , as in the original institution of the militia . The unavoidable hardship of the ballot , its interference with the personal liberty of individuals , ought to be compensated by great liberality in pecuniary bounty . In particular , all the fines paid for exemption from the ballot , ought to be applied , by the magistracy of the district in which they are levied , to the use of the balloted men , or of their families.—The ballot , thus mitigated , would be liable to infinitely less objection than it now is ; and might perhaps be used for obtaining a much larger addition to our regular domestic force , than that now proposed by his majesty 's ministers . There are some parts of the empire , to which a local militia , such as I have proposed , could not perhaps be safely extended . The inhabitants of these parts would thus be exempted from the burthen of a military duty , imposed on the rest of their fellow subjects ; and as a commutation for this duty , it may not be improper , that the corresponding class of