, in the 917 case of Sutton and Johnston , that the question of `` probable cause '' was a question for the judge . There the defendant would have an acquittal , and of course his costs from the plaintiff ; here the plaintiff was to have a nominal verdict , even although the judge was of opinion that the probable cause was with the defendant . The duties which magistrates would have to perform in the present state of Ireland , were of a most invidious nature , and he thought that this was not too great an indemnity to allow them in the discharge of such duties . contended that the hon . and learned gent . ( sir A. Pigott ) had gone too far in treating the proposed resolution as so great a novelty , and as so grievous an infringement of the law and constitution of this country . If the hon . and learned gent . had consulted the statute book , he would have found that similar resolutions as to Ireland had been passed repeatedly before this time , nay that at this moment such formed a part of the law of the land . If the hon . and learned gent . had found the enactment in question so very obnoxious , why did he not come forward in his official situation , when he was attorney-general , and move that it be expunged from the statute book ? He had no doubt that the hon . and learned person , when in office , agreed with his friends in the ministry in thinking the clause in dispute essential to the well-being of Ireland . He ( Mr. Boyle ) recollected being in the house on the evening when the present bill was introduced , and remembered perfectly well that gentlemen on every side agreed in the necessity of the measure , except one hon . gent. , whom he now saw in his place , ( Mr. Sheridan , ) who declared , he had no doubt most conscientiously , his resolution to oppose the bill in every stage . declared , that he had not heard a legal or constitutional sentiment uttered on the subject , except what had fallen from his hon . friend behind him , ( sir A. Pigott ) . He had , indeed , heard something like an attempt at a legal defence of the measure , by shewing that such practices also prevailed in revenue questions . But would that render the power more agreeable to law or to the constitution ? Was it not known and acknowledged , that our revenue laws were infractions of our constitutional liberties , and were only tolerated as acts of necessity , which , indeed , was the 918 only attempt at a vindication of the present measure ? The necessity of the revenue laws we must all be aware of , a great revenue could not otherwise be expected to be levied ; but of the necessity of the present provision , he confessed he was by no means convinced . An hon . gent . ( Mr. Boyle ) had , however , treated the provision as part of the existing laws of this country , and had asked , why , if so obnoxious to his learned friend ( sir A. Pigott ) , he had not moved to have it expunged from the statute book ? A provision to the same effect he ( Mr. Whitbread ) admitted , did make part of a statute of the parliament of Ireland , which would expire on the 1st of August . It would have been too much however , he suspected , for his learned friend to have come forward here , and moved to have that enactment expunged . At all events , an enactment of the Irish parliament could not act as a precedent for that house , or afford any such argument for now adopting it , as if they had been re-enacting a former legislative measure of their own . There might be a general conviction of the necessity