of the serious fact . His lordship wished to learn how far , ministers would be justified in the collection of the revenue arising either from American goods , or in Ireland ? It was not merely for refusing to pay ship money that Hampben sustained a trial , but to ascertain whether or not he lived in a free country . If acts of revenue be allowed to be suspended one month , why not six ? If six , why not twelve months ? Some might say , that they lived in a free country , but they might with some propriety affirm , when referring to these outrages of the law , that it was not so . These are the chief grounds , said the noble lord , on which I think that his majesty 's ministers have been guilty of criminal misconduct . Has the outcry of `` No Popery '' answered the purpose of ministers ? It certainly has not , for those who were deluded have returned to their sober reason . Have ministers been guilty of exciting these outcries and prejudices ? We have not as yet heard any of them disclaim the charge . But the people have long ere now discovered the imposition upon their credulity . Therefore his lordship ironically wished to learn , how his majesty 's ministers meant to acquit or justify themselves on the occasion ? Had they acknowledged their faults or deceptions to their constituents ? He wished to know if the Chancellor of the University of Oxford had written to his constituents , the members of 605 the University , acknowledging his mistake or delusion in giving them a false alarm ? Had his majesty 's chancellor of the exchequer written to his constituents of Northampton , acknowledging his error ? Had he declared that all the hand bills of `` No Popery , '' & c. were not sanctioned by his signature , but were forgeries ? Had he assured his constituents , that no cause had ever existed for their fears and alarms ? Had the Chancellor of the University of Dublin ( the Duke of Cumberland ) written to his constituents , acknowledging not only the forgery imposed upon him and the London Gazette , which had caused the strange erratum that some days ago appeared in that paper , but acknowledging also the delusion which had nearly frightened the members of that respectable University from their propriety ? —His lordship said he had been told that the Secretary of State had received an address conveying sentiments of a very illiberal nature , saying that the catholics ought not to be trusted with arms . He hoped it was not true that such a dangerous address had been presented from any incorporated body whatever . His lordship expressed his surprize how it could be possible for the noble viscount to mistake the import of that part of the speech in which mention is made of the expedition to Turkey ; and he would put it to any noble lord whether he believed that the person who framed the paragraph alluded to , did it merely for the purpose of detailing the facts , or whether they did not believe in their hearts it was done for the purpose of misrepresentation ? He was far from wishing to avoid inquiry and investigation . On the contrary , he wished ardently for the arrival of the period when whispers could be circuculated with comparatively as little avail as garbled publications . He desired only , in justice to the characters of those naval and military persons employed , that judgment should be withheld until their details of the transactions were before them . In prosecuting inquiry he would afford every assistance in his power . He wished that the whole subject might be brought under investigation without reserve , for he knew of none that was necessary . to explain . He said that he had read over the paragraph alluded to by the noble baron with the greatest care and attention , and he did not find one sentence which appeared to