for the better education and instruction of the poor of the said parish . Something to this effect , he thought , would be better than any compulsory method ; for certainly the inhabitants of each parish were better judges of the claims of their own poor , and their own means to judge of and provide for these claims , than 854 gentlemen in that house could possibly be . said , he was not at all sure that the house could pass this measure in the form of a law this session , but it might perhaps be expedient at least to make it take the shape and form of a law , as they were all agreed as to the necessity of instructing the poor . It was giving power to the churchwardens to do , under the sanction of parliament , what they already were in the habit of doing ; and as he approved so much of the principle of the bill , he should support it in its present state . thought it was certainly the duty of parliament to provide regulations to instruct the poor ; but to get them to receive it , was a very different thing . In many parishes , the office of school-master would become a perfect sinecure . It would be extremely difficult to find any number of parishes to which the same law would properly apply . Some contained 10,000 inhabitants , while others contained only 30 . Some were flourishing in their manufactures and trade , and others decaying . Some were supported by agriculture alone . Some had no endowments , while others had charitable institutions and free-schools . While he disapproved of the measure , he at the same time gave the hon . gent . who had brought it forward , great credit for his patriotism and zeal for the public good , but he really thought parliament had not come to a sufficient investigation of the subject , to enable them to come to a law , even although this had been an earlier period of the session . was glad to perceive that his own opinion , as to the desirableness of not passing the bill during the present session , seemed to accord with the general disposition of the house . It was certainly more important that this subject should be decided upon , than that it should be decided upon soon . It was highly to be wished , that there should not be any appearance of forcing this plan upon the people , and he regretted to find upon conversing with many magistrates , and other country gentlemen , that they were not so well disposed towards it as he was himself . At the same time , he could not approve of the amendment proposed by the hon . gent. , because , if the voluntary measure which he recommended , should be unsuccessful , it would be very difficult afterwards to carry the compulsory one into execution . The necessity of instruction among the lower classes in the south 855 and west of England , and in Ireland , was strikingly obvious ; in the latter particularly , he was convinced that on the instructing and enlightening of the people depended the very safety of the empire itself . Still , although general instruction might be very practicable , he was not quite prepared to agree to the sending out a parliamentary edict for that purpose . He thought that sufficient pains had not been taken to avail ourselves of the voluntary institutions for the education of the poor , and was of opinion , that it would be a great improvement to the measure , were it only to operate where those institutions were deficient . Having instanced several cases in which the detail of the bill might be improved , he recommended that the bill should be made as good as possible , and be then sent to the country for the general sentiment . Parliament ought not to be hasty in this business : they ought to recollect that they were legislating