wishes , that they might save the country at the present momentous crisis . He should therefore support the amendment . maintained , that the conduct of his majesty 's present ministers was strictly justifiable in having recommended the dissolution of the late parliament . The catholics would now see , that notwithstanding their cause was supported by a powerful and respectable party in this country , yet that the opinion of their sovereign was against them , and that in that opinion he was supported by the general-sentiments of the people . said , he had no doubt , that the authors of the speech that day delivered to their lordships were the authors or advisers of the dissolution of parliament . It appeared , that the authors of the speech bad some idea of shrinking from responsibility , because they had not only been guilty of a violation of the ancient forms of the Constitution , but had that night remained silent on the subject of their misconduct . A noble lord had said , that on examining the Journals of the house , he had not been able to discover , in the course of 25 years , more than three amendments to the address . But that noble lord had not explained the cause why so few amendments had been brought forward in the course of that period . He would , how- 602 ever , tell the noble lord : the minister who had framed or sanctioned the addresses for that period , had been careful to conciliate the good wishes of parliament . In this instance , however , all attempts at conciliation had been carefully avoided . The wording or composition of the speech , his lordship observed , instead of being of a conciliatory nature , was the very reverse . As to the speech of the lords commissioners , not that of his majesty , for he could not consider it in any other view—it was , in his lordship 's opinion , of a most violent and acrimonious nature . It was any thing but conciliation . With regard to the dissolution of parliament , it was a measure which could not be too severely reprobated . The king 's prerogative ought certainly to he freely exercised ; but the secret advisers of a measure , for which there was no national necessity , deserved the severest censure . Some of the adherents of the present ministers had expressed a belief that the dissolution would pass without much censure ; but his lordship always remained fully persuaded , that it was impossible men should not be found who would slim their utter indignation , nay detestation , of such an act ; and that parliament was about to declare its disapprobation of the unconstitutional measure . Those who had no ground to justify the dissolution ; but wanted some pretext for expressing their sentiments in favour of the administration , recurred to the parallel case of the year 1784 , and therefore drew the conclusion , that as a dissolution had then taken place , a dissolution in the year 1807 was also justifiable . Such an observation was , however , erroneous in the extreme . A dissolution might be justified in the year 1784 , and yet not be justifiable in the year 1807 . In referring to the dissolution of 1784 , an insinuation had been advanced against a noble relation of his ( the marquis of Buckingham ) , now absent from the house . With regard to that noble marquis , his conduct had always appeared to him so pure and unimpeachable , that he might take it upon him to say , that there was no act of his life , of which he ( lord G. ) as a relative and a man would not be proud . Respecting the dissolution of the year 1784 , and that of 1807 , there was , as had already been shewn , a very wide difference . The grounds for the former dissolution arose from a serious difference between the two houses of parliament .