was the necessary result of the impolitic measures of their predecessors . He also remarked , that before they could be justly censured for any of their measures , they ought to be permitted to disclose the general plan , of which those measures were perhaps only parts . He did not pretend to have a knowledge of what 969 had passed in their councils , but this much , however , he could say , that he understood the late administration had an expedition in contemplation , that would have been worthy of them and of the country , and which the present ministers would not dare to look at . stated , that the late ministers had left to their successors a much greater number of transports than had been received from them . If the noble lord thought the late ministers had failed to do their duty in any particular , he wished him to bring the matter before the house , when they might have an opportunity of vindicating their conduct.—The question was then called for , when a division took place , For the second reading of the bill 187 Against it 90 Majority 97 Whilst strangers were excluded from the gallery , the bill was read a second time , and ordered to be committed . Upon the gallery being re-opened , we found opposing the Irish Insurrection bill , most particularly on the ground that he could not think it advisable to confide to the hands of any man , however respectable , the power of overturning the decision of a jury . proposed to restore the clause inflicting a penalty on magistrates who shall omit to give a return of those who act under them in cases where any subject may think himself injured , either in person , property , or family . This was not admissible , consistent with the forms of the house , unless an engrossed clause were ready for that purpose . proposed that in consequence of the lateness of the hour ( nearly half-past four o'clock ) , the further proceeding on the 3d reading should be postponed till to-morrow . Upon this , a division took place ; we could not learn the numbers , but the motion was lost by a considerable majority.—By this time the clause was engrossed ; upon the question , that it stand part of the bill , there was another division nearly the same as on the last question . then moved the alteration of the duration of the bill from two years to one ; upon this a third division took place : For the motion 28 ; against it 112 . A long debate next ensued on the question that the bill do now pass . expressed strong doubts as 970 to the propriety of agreeing to the bill , after every attempt to amend it had been rejected . He was particularly astonished that the house had negatived the amendment on the duration of the bill , and asked what the people of this country would think , were the Mutiny bill to be passed for more than one year , though it was doubtless as necessary as this bill could possibly be ? He , however , acknowledged that the great weight of the authority ( Mr. Grattan 's ) which the house had heard in support of the bill , induced him reluctantly to vote for its passing into a law . was decidedly against the bill , and was determined to oppose the motion for passing it . said , he could not agree to the bill in any shape ; but most particularly the amendments , which would make it in some degree palatable , were rejected . If , said he , the time of reading the bill a third time had afforded me the best possible opportunity of delivering my sentiments on it at such length as I chose , I should not have profited by the advantage . I certainly did wish , and mean , to have selected the fittest occasion for giving fully my reasons for the