the only efficient part of the Training bill , and which the right hon . gent . had contrived very much to disfigure . A fundamental objection which he entertained to the Training bill , was , that the time of service was too short . It was impossible to train men , unless they were organized ; and when so organized , he thought that they ought to be liable to a longer service . What with the registering , balloting , & c. & c. the year appointed by the Training bill would soon vanish , and the ballot would soon be to recommence . If the volunteers should find themselves unable to continue a sacrifice , which was unquestionably a severe one , which had reflected the highest honour on their character and conduct , but which , in many instances , would scarcely be expected to be permanent ; in this case , in the Training bill , or rather in the Defence bill , might be discovered a basis on which the military establishments of the country might be founded . Instead of balloting the men to be trained for a year , he would propose that they should be balloted for two years at least ; indeed , three years would not be too long a period . If parliament consented to this , they might gain two objects ; in the first place , the discipline thus diffused would be greater , and would qualify the subjects of it for the regular army if wanted ; in the second place , looking to that amount of force which parliament had declared it was necessary , should be six times larger than the militia , or , in other words , 200,000 men , the seeds of a permanent military force might be planted in it , which might grow up as the volunteers might decline . His notion was , having laid the foundation of this force , to enable his majesty to direct 871 that , where the volunteers were not in this proportion of six times the number of the militia , a local militia should be created , by ballot , out of the men disciplined by the Training bill , to be officered out of the regular militia . He meant to propose that this local militia in peace , should be disciplined the same number of days as the regular militia , but that they should never serve out of their counties , except in cases of rebellion or invasion . Thus would be produced a regular and organized force , out of that which , according to the measure of the right hon . gent. , could create nothing but embarrassment . By this , the Training bill might be rendered useful , for he entered his solemn protest against throwing down any great public establishment , for the mere purposes of speculation . Here was the difference between the right hon . gent . and himself ; when the right hon . gent . came into office , he most unwisely did every thing in his power to relax the volunteer system , for the purpose of introducing his Training bill . He ( lord C. ) on the contrary , was not desirous to subvert any thing done by that right hon . gent . ; the fact was , indeed , that with his best endeavours he had done nothing . He ( lord C. ) had always advised that the character and spirit of the volunteer corps should be upheld until some other decisively superior establishment could be discovered as a substitute . His majesty 's present government had re-established the system of inspection of the volunteers ; without that system it was impossible that any principle of economy could be observed—that any security could be enjoyed for the proper administration of the funds , appropriated to various parts of the volunteer service , or that the volunteer establishment could be kept in an organized state . It was in the contemplation of his majesty 's ministers to encourage volunteer corps , not