—which had met with no opposition in that house , which was directed against public abuses , 1161 an object so peculiarly necessary in the present circumstances of the countrv , should be rejected in the other house . It was a subject of very great regret , too , with him , both on account of the failure of a most important object , and also on account of the indication that was manifested of a want of disposition in the other house to co-operate with the house of commons in restraining the undue expenditure of the public money . Of course , the house could know nothing of the detail of the proceedings in the other house on that bill ; and , if it could be known by any indirect means , it would , of course , be irregular to allude to it here . But , one must naturally suppose that it was maturely considered and amply debated in a full house [ hear , bear ] ; that the whole proceedings were conducted with that gravity and serious deliberation which the importance of the case required , that all the ministers of the crown attended in their places , [ hear , hear , ] as it was their duty to do , in order manfully and openly to oppose the bill , if they thought it an improper one , or to support it with all their strength , if they were of a contrary opinion ! It must at least be supposed that if the house was not so full as it might be , their lordships , out of respect to their own character , and a due regard to the unanimous opinion of the house of commons , would have consented to an adjournment of the debate on the bill for a short time , in order to enable those who might be absent to attend their duty ! [ hear , hear ! ] It must be supposed that the discussion on so important a bill was not disgraced by an empty house , lest there should be an appearance of gross neglect , insufferable insolence , or some motives of a worse description ! Of course the commons could not be supposed to know who proposed the rejection of that bill , or by whom that motion of rejection was supported . But they might be fully assured that it could not have been by a person who was himself in the possession of a reversionary office of great emolument . [ hear ! hear ! ] They might be assured it was utterly impossible that the motion rejection could not have been supported by a person who was already gorged with the spoils and plunder of the country ; —by a person loaded with reversions three deep in his family already . Far less could he suppose , that the motion for its rejection should be seconded by another person , whose name stood recorded in the journals 1162 of the house—as one who , with a keen and avaricious eye sat feasting upon the hopes of reversions to himself , his family , and dependents— [ hear ! hear ! ] —or a person whose delight was to hunt after that species of property called by the civilians the hereditas luctuosa . In that house of parliament , which consisted of 400 members , it was quite ridiculous to suppose that only 22 were present at the inglorious and indecent rejection of this bill . He insisted , that notwithstanding the voice of the aristocracy , the house of commons should discharge its duty to the country , and adopt a mode to prevent any thing similar from occurring . He hoped that the house would persevere , and bring forward a similar bill , session after session , until they convinced the house of lords , that the people and the commons of England were not to be trampled upon . did not feel any objection to the motion of his hon . friend , and had risen only in consequence of what had fallen