been voted , declaring it illegal to issue money in the event of a dissolution , without a parliamentary appropriation . The dissolution took place , the money was issued , as appeared by accounts moved for and laid on the table in the following session , and yet Mr. Fox never thought of instituting any proceeding upon the subject . The noble lord would not contend that this silence was not an admission of the legality of the act at any rate , the noble lord , who had been at the head of the late government , would not be disposed to disapprove of the course that had been pursued in that instance . A bare resolution of the house was not of any effect after a dissolution or a prorogation , unless taken up in a subsequent session , and confirmed by some legislative enactment , But it might be asked , if these 632 clauses of appropriation were not introduced for the first time last session , of what use was the Appropriation act ? That act was intended not alone for the appropriation of sums raised by loans , but other sums not raised in that way , and the preamble of that act stated , that it was for the appropriation of particular sums to particular services , and for the further appropriation of other sums not appropriated by parliament , which implied , that appropriations had been antecedently made during the session.—Another inconvenience which the noble lord had stated to arise from the dissolution , was the interruption of the proceedings of the Committee of Finance , which could not in this session be prosecuted to any successful issue . No man could doubt that it was the deliberate determination of the present ministers to revive that committee and undoubtedly there could be no reason why the proceedings of the former committee should not be referred to the revived one . The noble lord had stated , that the committee should consist as nearly as possible of the same members as before , with the exception of the only two members ( sir H. Mildmay and Mr. S. Bourne ) who , from their parliamentary conduct , could be considered as the friends of the present ministers . ( Hear , hear ! ) —There were , undoubtedly , some members in the committee , not connected with either party . This , therefore , would be an extraordinary mode of reviving the committee , and the house would do well to recollect the manner in which that committee had been formed . The hon . gent . who had first proposed the appointment of that committee , ( Mr. Biddulph ) had met the kind support of the noble lord ( H. Petty ) , who as kindly took the nomination out of his hands ! The hon . gent. , no doubt , had been appointed on the committee , but when he wished afterwards to have one or two of his friends nominated to it , his application was resisted , because it was indispensable that the committee should consist of 21 members only . Yet , in a few days this imperious necessity vanished , and the noble lord himself proposed the addition of three other members . In this manner it was that this just and enquiring committee had been formed ! But it should be remembered that another administration of government had also taken place , whose acts were to be enquired into , and yet the committee was to be composed as before ! This , however ; would hereafter be subject of discussion , when the committee would be to be revived , and when it 633 would be most seasonable to state the particular acts of that other administration that called for inquiry.—As to what had fallen from the noble lord on the subject of India , he saw no reason why the same course that had been in contemplation last session , might not be pursued in this . But thougn no inconvenience would result to the private business , and no breach