It was to obviate this difficulty , and to discourage vexatious petitions , that he proposed to bring in his bill , which , when printed , he should suffer to lie over till next session . One of the provisions of the bill would be to require of the petitioner to deposit £200 with the barons of the exchequer , which sum would be to be returned , if the petition should not be declared frivolous , or , if it should , to be disposed of , one half to the sitting member , the other to his majesty . That some such provision was necessary , would appear from what had happened in the case of the borough he represented . There had been no contest there , and yet a petition had been maliciously presented against his return which had been signed by 5 persons , not one of whom was at that time within 200 miles of the place . One was a barber , another a common porter , a third a day-labourer , and a fourth a jack-ass driver , and all had been bribed to give their signatures to the petition . The necessity of the measure would also be obvious from the circumstance , that of the 54 petitions which had been presented in the last parliament , 18 had been abandoned without any recognizances having been 1069 entered into , and of the 31 petitions presented this parliament , 7 had already been given up for want of recognizances . could not help thinking that some regulation was necessary upon this subject . The practice of presenting vexatious petitions had become too frequent , and it was not proper that such libels upon the sitting members should be permitted . He hoped his hon . friend would take up the bill next session , when he assured him of his cordial support.—The bill was then brought in and read a first time . rose , pursuant to notice , to move a resolution pledging the house to take into consideration early in the next session , the Accounts relative to the Revenue Charges and Commercial Concerns of the East India Company , presented on the 10th and 18th June last , commonly called , the Accounts of the East India Budget . It would be impossible in the present session to give to this subject the ample consideration to which it was entitled , and therefore he thought it better to postpone the statement and discussion till the next session . After some observations from Mr. Creevey , who reserved to himself the right of going into farther particulars than the mere East India Accounts , commonly called the India Budget , the resolutions were agreed to.—On the motion of Mr. Dundas several additional papers , illustrative of the conduct of the government of India towards the Polygars were ordered , with the design of giving the fullest and fairest view of the Polygar question . stated , that when the Polygar question should come to be discussed , he meant to contend that the conduct of the British government to the Polygars had been the cause of the mutiny at Vellore ; one of the regiments concerned , the second battalion of the 23d native infantry having been recruited in the Polygar country . On the promise of the right hon . gent . opposite to bring forward such accounts as had been , or should be received on that subject , and from a wish to await the arrival of those most materially interested in the transaction , he should not now offer the motion of which he had given notice for this day . He however gave notice , that early in the ensuing session , he should move that there be laid before the house copies of all letters written by marquis Cornwallis on the subject of the 1070 subsidiary treaties concluded by marquis Wellesley , and generally on the administration of India by that nobleman . rose pursuant to notice , to move for leave to bring in a bill for the better regulating the