formed by the ignorant , where their ignorance made them the dupes of the wicked . In the three kingdoms , the excellence of the population would appear to be in proportion to the degrees of information among the lower classes . As to the vices of the lower orders , which had been mentioned by an hon . gent. , vices certainly did prevail more or less every where ; but in those places where the lower orders were most remarkable for their vices the example was set them by their superiors , who were generally more vicious than they . It was said that the effect of the bill would he to impose an additional rate of a shilling in the pound . He answered , no . It was said , it would do away charities . It would do no such thing . His aim was , to provide schools and school-masters where they were wanted ; where they were not , the magistrates would have the power to suspend the operation of the law . The business was committed to the magistrates , who were the most proper persons to carry the act into execution . The system of magistracy had defects ; but in what other country was there a body so excellent ? As to the suggestion of the hon . gent . ( Mr. S. Bourne ) , he thought that his own was the best plan ; but , however , he would rather adopt his voluntary mode than none at all . He had done his duty in bringing this bill forward ; and he should persevere until the house should divide upon it ; and if they were to reject it , he should nevertheless go away , convinced of its utility , and conscious that it was rejected only because the house was not ripe for its adoption . thought much 804 benefit might result from general education , but said that benefit might cost too dear . He wished therefore for some information as to the probable expence . could not say how far the parishes might be provide with , or be destitute of buildings that might answer for schools . In many parishes it would not be necessary to expend a shilling on that account . School-masters could be provided at a very cheap rate . wished the bill to go into a committee , with a view to the utmost , fairness of consideration . It was the wish , unquestionably , of every one in the house to render the lower classes of the community better and happier . He feared however , that the kind of education here proposed , though it might give learning , would not contribute much to diffuse industry , religion , or morality . He feared a general legislative establishment would injure and destroy the voluntary establishments for public education now existing . He recommended a commission of enquiry to ascertain the state of charitable foundations for public education already established . A commission of that kind was is now prosecuting a similar investigation in Ireland without any salary to the commissioners , and with but very few clerks . When such a commission should have ascertained what had been already done , it would I be time enough to enquire what further might be done . He defended the principle of the poor-laws . However the system might be abused , as every large system must be liable to abuse , it was a proud characteristic of the nation , that charity was incorporated into the legislature . The poor of this country had consequently an interest in the maintenance of its constitution and independence , which the poor of no other country had . He said the education proposed would disqualify the persons possessing it from the most necessary , and useful description , labour . The Quakers were mentioned as a class universally educated . The example strengthened his argument ; for he never knew of an Agricultural Quaker . He wished the bill to be made as perfect as possible , though he