of its operation . He trusted , that in such a case , a clause would be introduced to prevent the recruiting parties or commanding officers from tampering with the men . The militia was already in a declining state , and for his part he would much rather the noble lord had brought forward a proposition for annihilating the militia altogether , than for degrading it by making it subservient to the recruiting of the army . would give his support to the measure , because at this eventful period , when the states of the continent were over-run , and when we were threatened with the same fate that had befallen other nations , vigorous measures were absolutely necessary . This measure he considered efficacious and from conversations which he had had with some militia officers , he was convinced , that if double the number proposed to be allowed to volunteer were necessary , they could be obtained readily . Here he could not but remark upon the neglect of the late ministers , who had deserted our brave allies , and lavished the force of the country by such expeditions as that to Egypt , which terminated in a disaster that tarnished the lustre of the British arms . Of the volunteers , a force so much decried by a right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Windham ) , whose talents he admired , but whose politics appeared to him to be too theoretical and speculative , he might truly say , that the spirit with which they had come forward had saved the country . He was of opinion that the 933 inspecting field-officers and permanent duty , were necessary to make that force efficient . The hon . gent . concluded , by expressing a hope that those dissentions which had lately prevailed amongst them , would cease , and that there would be the same unanimity in the councils , which he was sure there would be in the field . spoke against the bill . He admitted that the army would gain by the operation of it in the first instance . But parliament was bound to look farther , and then he would ask what , would become of the ordinary recruiting ? That source of supply for the army would be effectually cut off by the effect of this measure . The ballot , by raising bounties , would destroy the regular recruiting . It was remarkable too , that the plan of the noble lord departed from the precedents of volunteering from the militia into the line . The volunteering in 1799 had not been followed by a ballot . A similar volunteering from the militia had taken place in the course of the present war , and had not been succeeded by the ballot . This constituted an essential difference between the present and the former cases . Though he objected to the whole of the measure , he might be induced perhaps to withdraw his opposition to it , if one or two points were to be ceded to him . The first was , that no proposition should be made , under any circumstances , to the men who should volunteer , to enlist for a longer term than that sanctioned by the system adopted last session . Another was , that the men who should be raised by ballot to supply the place of those who volunteered into the army , should not , in any case be called on to volunteer into the line . If these points were ceded , he might be induced to vote for the bill . most heartily approved of the measure , because , as the noble lord who proposed it had stated , it would not interfere with the regular permanent recruiting for the army . I was a temporary measure to meet a pressing exigency . This measure was not like that of the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Windham ) , in its infancy , but complete major at once . The soldiers it would give to the army ,