18 and 45 , instead of between 18 and 30 , to have exceeded at once the produce of that bill , joined to the undiminished produce , according to the hon . gent. , of the ordinary recruiting , was a degree of success , in the early stages of the measure , with which the authors of it might well be satisfied . He for one had never promised himself , and assuredly had never ventured to promise others , that it would attain , so soon after its commencement , a degree of success exceeding , or even equal to that which he had stated . So far as to success.—It could as little be stated that the measure had , as yet at least , produced , or showed a tendency to produce , any of those evils which had been predicted of it , in respect to its effect on the feelings or character of the soldier , or on the discipline of the regiment . Such an objection , so far as related to the mixing of men upon different terms of service , would come with an odd grace from those , who were now studiously and wantonly augmenting that inconvenience , by an infusion of men , not only serving for different periods , but serving for different periods with men raised at one and the same time with themselves . Formerly , when this consequence had been so much objected to ; though then even , ( by the way , ) with the most perfect inconsistency on the part of those who had been concerned in the Army of Reserve or Additional Force acts ; the men who came in for term of years were men raised professedly upon a new system , and were to be added to those who had entered the army before the system in question had been introduced or thought of . Many of these , from the length of their past service , were not further removed from the period of their discharge than those who had newly entered upon a term in itself shorter . None could complain , or feel even any discontent , that others had the benefit , and without prejudice to themselves , of a change of system which had not taken place till after their time . Of part of the benefits of this change they 904 had been made to partake ; and it had been objected to him more than once , he must confess not wholly without reason , that he had not followed up his own professed intentions in that respect , by giving to all who were then serving . and whose period of service amounted to not less than 21 years , the option of retiring , should they be so disposed . He was fully persuaded both that such permission ought to have been given , and that it would have been attended with the most beneficial effects : and it was not without much regret that he found the opinion of others different from his upon that point , more especially after the expectation which had been held out , though certainly such expectation has not amounted , with respect to the soldier , to any direct pledge . But , in point of fact , no injury had yet arisen to the service of the army from any of these sources , even if the measures of the hon . gent . were calculated to afford a remedy , or it they did not on the contrary directly tend to introduce the evil of which they formerly affected to be so apprehensive . In the mean time , he was happy to find that the general judgment of military men , and the general sentiment of the country at large , confirmed his statement , notwithstanding that the known inclination of government might operate even without any exertion of undue influence , to give a different turn to the opinions of those dependent upon them . If it was true , as the noble lord said , that the