least of it ; as it would go to close the expectations , to put an end to the hopes of the Catholic body . When gentlemen talked of settling the question , what did they mean ? Did they mean to say to a population growing in numbers , wealth , and consequence— '' we will never attend to your wishes , we will never comply with your desires ? '' But some gentlemen undertook to say , that the Catholic Question was of no consequence to this population . The contrary , however , was as true as nature was true to herself . What ! that the landed and commercial interests , which had such extensive and just influence among the Catholic body , that the gentlemen of the bar , did not aspire to those privileges and distinctions , from which they were at present excluded ! The idea Was quite preposterous . He could assure the house that gentlemen were mistaken who supposed that all those feelings did not prevail among the Catholics , which strongly bind men to the state . For the desire of participating , in those privileges which the state granted , was a strong bond of connection . He , of course , disliked , and would wish to discountenance the doctrine , that the prospect should be removed , which served to 1097 keep alive that desire . At least to allow the Catholics to hope , to let them cherish expectation , was one of the best means of preserving the tranquillity of Ireland . With a view effectually to restore and to maintain that tranquillity , the right hon . gent . mentioned the different measures which the late ministry had in contemplation ; first , the grant of privileges to the Catholics ; second , the modification of tythes ; third , a strict attention to the appropriation of the funds destined for education ; and fourth , the enforcement of the residence of the established clergy . These were among the benefits which the late administration meant to confer upon Ireland , and which he heartily wished to see adopted . felt much satisfaction in hearing the objects which the right hon . gent . had just stated , and particularly with regard to tythes , in which it a change could be effected without injury to the interests of the established clergy , it was on all hands admitted to be extremely desirable . The hon . member expressed his wish that the gentlemen of Ireland would themselves devote their attention to a consideration of the means by which the state of the Irish people might be amended . For he could not help thinking that among that people , he meant the peasantry particularly , there was a difference not only in the civil condition , if he might so express himself , but in the political character , from that which appeared among the same classes in this country , and the gentlemen of Ireland might be most competent to judge of the fact , and to prepare the means of improving their countrymen . was glad to hear his right hon . friend state the objects which the late administration had in view , for the benefit of Ireland ; and to those objects he wished particularly to point the attention of the house . So far from considering this bill and the Insurrection bill as twins , he thought them materially different . With respect to the consequence to be apprehended from the frequent discussion of measures of this nature , and which the right hon . gent . on the opposite side deprecated , he for himself thought , that as much irritation might be produced by silence as by discussion—nay , more ; and so he apprehended from the silence of ministers upon this occasion . The feelings of the people of Ireland must be grated to find it resolved to continue the duration of such a bill as this beyond a reasonable time , without any statement , and perhaps without the existence of necessity . For