people of Ireland see their situation with a mind truly great—if , as formerly , 1207 their strength of mind be but proportionate to the extent of their calamity—if with a dignified compassion they pity and forgive the pitiable virulence of party animosity—if they forget every thing but themselves and what they have been , and what they have done ; in 1779 , when they got a trade , and in the memorable 1782 , when they got a constitution—if Ireland but remembers this , and looks to the present momentous crisis with the eye of a gallant general , and a high-minded nation , then will she best refute the calumnies of ignorance ; she will not turn aside from the cause of Great Britain , of Europe , and the globe , to listen to the moody mutterings of any shabby mutineer—the night-boy , or the white-boy , or any other ragged rebel . She will look to what such a policy did for her in 1779 ; she will see constitution following commerce in 1782 ; she will ponder upon them and not disgrace the example of those hallowed times . French politics are their own remedy . Ireland need not look to Holland , where commerce invited plunder , but could not glut it . Ireland need not look to Genoa , where prostration was the consequence of an ill-placed and hasty confidence . She need not look to Italy , where all that was made sacred by time , by habit , by national prejudice , by religion , served only by the richness of the spoils , to heighten the splendour of the conflagration that consumed them . Let her remember that she has qualified herself in pursuit of the rights she has obtained , by the freedom that sought , and the allegiance that acknowledge them . Ireland has fought boldly and faithfully to secure to England the constitution Ireland so naturally wishes to share the blessings of ; but she will continue in the pursuit of them , as she has done in the pursuit of a legitimate object—by legitimate means . Let it be for you to answer her accordingly , and let no narrow policy prevent you from making the Irish Protestants a people , by making the Irish Catholics free men . Such are my sentiments as to the state of Ireland ; agreeing , as I do , with the sentiments of my right hon . friend , whose exertions this night in the cause of his native country , are above my poor praise , and do equal honour to his talents and to his patriotism ; still I differ from him in the application of that sentiment . Besides , the motion in its present form goes to censure the late proceedings of parliament , with respect to that country ; and I do not think that the house would readily 1208 acquiesce in imposing a censure upon itself . I am willing to give every credit to the motives of my right hon . friend in making the present motion , but it is not to be expected that I am now to censure my own act in voting for the two bills , which the present state of Ireland , and that of Europe , as affecting Ireland , in my mind rendered necessary . declared , that the adoption of the proposition before the house , must be considered as a solemn pledge of a new system of policy to be pursued with regard to the government of Ireland . It was a question of two modes of governing a country , which was admitted to be in a perpetual state of radical discontent . With regard to the government of such a country , two modes only could be resorted to—the one which he should recommend , namely , by removing the causes of such alleged discontent ; the other , by adopting such vigorous and restrictive measures as those lately adopted , the effect of which was to guard against the ill effects of the bad system of policy pursued—a