to ; that the parish ministers should either themselves keep a school , or appoint a Schoolmaster directly for the instruction of 1176 the parishes . In that case , the instructors were , either directly , or indirectly , the ministers of the established religion . This principle was not sufficiently attended to in the present bill , and was , with him , a strong ground for its rejection . Almost all its provisions were likely to be productive of much practical mischief , if the bill passed in its present shape , without the least probability of its being attended with any new benefit . Viewing the bill in this light , he must agree with the noble secretary of state , who moved that the consideration of it be postponed . opposed the bill in its present shape , though he was by no means unfriendly to the principle of diffusing instruction as generally and as widely as possible . He was fully sensible of the benefits arising from the system of education in Scotland , and as he himself was one of the borderers on that part of the country , he felt himself indebted to that system for the benefit of his own education : still , he could not approve of the present bill , because it was miserably deficient in the means of accomplishing the great object which it seemed to have in view . Besides , it tended to a departure from the great principle of instruction in this country , by taking it in a great measure out of the superintendance and controul of the clergy . Nor were these his only objections ; in whatever shape any bill of the kind might appear , he never would agree to any that left matters of this nature to be judged or and decided by the majority of the inhabitants of a parish . To what confusion might not such a mode of decision open a door ? Would it not give rise to all the mischiefs of an election , among the majority of the inhabitants of every parish , of whatever description of people they might be composed ? What endless litigations ! Had there not been , not long since , an example of it in the election of a minister for the parish of Clerkenwell ; and had not that contention lasted 7 years at the bar of this house ? He had also to object to the clause , which gave to the court of chancery the disposal of the money for these establishments , when it amounted to a certain sum . It should be recollected , how such sums so entrusted were sweated in that court , and how in the end , when the oyster came to be divided , the real owner got nothing but the shells . He could never , therefore , assent to the bill in its present form . trusted he 1177 should not be considered as hostile to the principle of diffusing instruction among the poor , although he should oppose the further progress of this measure . In his opinion , the framers of it had no conception of the vastness of the task they had undertaken . Something widely different , indeed , must be done to further and accomplish the object which they seemed to have in view . He had himself bestowed of late no small degree of attention upon this subject , and he proposed to himself to follow it up to a certain extent . His enquiries had already embraced a large district , and for the satisfaction of the house he could affirm , that the advantages of education were extended more generally than it appeared to be thought , and he would venture to say , that in the parish alone in which he resided , these advantages extended to no less a number than 4000 . Perhaps , when his plan was more matured , he should have the honour of submitting it to their lordships . In the mean time , he must agree with the noble