in any country , except through the faults of the government . In Ireland , particularly , it was evident that the prevailing disaffection had proceeded from a long train of mismanagement : but this had been so long continued , and effects had become so inveterate , that it was impossible to remove the evil at once . Conciliatory measures might do much with the help of time , but their effect could only be gradual and pro- 994 gressive . In the mean time , we knew that a violent spirit of disaffection was widely diffused , and against the immediate pressure of this danger it was absolutely necessary to guard . Where the people were affectionately disposed towards their rulers , the slightest exertion of authority might be sufficient to maintain the execution of the law : but if we should attempt to apply the same principles of conduct to a country , where so opposite a spirit prevailed as in Ireland , the most fatal effects might ensue . Experiencing , however , the excessive danger to which we were now exposed from the disaffection of Ireland , it was of the utmost importance not to rest satisfied with the measures of severity , to which we were compelled by the immediate pressure of danger , but to look forward , and take effectual measures for obtaining a radical and fundamental cure of the evil . The objections against the measure of Catholic emancipation he was convinced were groundless , and that the danger apprehended from putting power into the hands of the Catholics was imaginary . We now , indeed , saw the Catholics a formidable political party , closely combined among themselves ; but if religious distinctions had never been made a ground of civil disabilities , that combination would never have existed . If civil disabilities were imposed on every man whose name began with a P , we should immediately force the P 's to become a party , they would coalesce to obtain relief , and if violently opposed , they too would become violent and dangerous . If the Catholics were placed as to every civil privilege , on the same footing as other subjects , we should soon hear as little of the Catholics as a political party , as we hear of the faction of the P 's . The only plausible argument to the contrary was founded on the ambition of the Romish clergy . Undoubtedly , it must be expected that they , like every other body of dissenting clergy , would cast a longing eye on the rich benefices of the established church . But there would be little to fear from the ambition of the Roman Catholic clergy , if the laity did not make a common cause with them . The true way , therefore , to disarm this danger , was to grant to the Roman Catholic laity all their separate objects . If the civil disabilities of the Catholics were repealed , there would be no longer any community of interest between their clergy and their understand the situation of Ireland , let us bring 995 the case home to ourselves ; let us suppose that the invasion of the enemy should be successful , that Our estates were to be parcelled out to French generals , that the property of every Englishman were to be abandoned as fair plunder to the French soldiery , that such of our gentry and yeomanry as should survive the ruin of their country , were forced to labour for their bread , beneath the contumelious taunts of a set of insolent foreigners , could any one believe that the people of England would soon be reconciled to their new masters , and would not eagerly grasp at any opportunity of throwing off the yoke ? A long course of time might obliterate the memory of those galling circumstances , and , aided by a mild and conciliating policy , might blend the conquerors and the conquered into one people . But , if instead of a wise and conciliating policy , the intruders ,