to be granted , he questioned whether it would be right to canvass the propriety of every individual grant . He did not know whether the course be proposed fell in with the views of the hon . gentlemen opposite . He looked 750 for no support , but from a strict performance of his duty . He should never seek popularity by false representations injurious to members of parliament , and tending to excite a distrust of the means of the country . He was unwilling that any information practically beneficial should be withheld . The committee would inquire into the nature and extent of the pensions and emoluments , and by whom they were held . was of opinion that it was most desirable the house and the country should be acquainted with the facts , whatever they might be . He thought that the noble lord 's motion did not go far enough , and was afraid that the return to it would not be completely satisfactory to the public . had extensive communications with his numerous constituents ; and he was sorry to say , that their sentiments , and especially the sentiments of the middling class , were not favourable to the independence of parliament . An opinion certainly prevailed that the house of commons was not so independent as it ought to be . For his part , he had a high opinion of the character of parliament ; and he was anxious that the motion might be agreed to , in order to prove how small was the number of corrupt . He differed completely from an hon . gent . who had spoken against the increasing power of the crown . At the present awful moment , it would be most injudicious to diminish it . He was as adverse to the diminution of the power of the crown at that moment , as he was to the disunion of the people by a religious cry . complimented the fairness with which the chancellor of the exchequer had met this question . He Was glad that such a motion had been brought forward , because he knew many populous districts in his county who were open-mouthed about pensions and places ; this motion , if adopted , would tend to undeceive them , by shewing , that they did not extend to that degree as to endanger the safety of the country . defended the noble lord 's motion , against the objections of the hon . gent. , who had said that there was no precedent for such a step . Were not the times unprecedented ? It was worth while at a period like the present , when the minds of the people were so full of suspicions at least to endeavour to shew that they were without foundation . would support the noble lord 's motion , or something resembling it , because the public entertained doubts on this 751 subject , which an investigation of this sort was best calculated to remove . He disclaimed all connection with party , although he entertained a high respect for his majesty 's present ministers . thought that the adoption of this motion would tend to strengthen the constitutional power of the crown , and he agreed that this was not the time to weaken that constitutional power . At the same time , he did not so well approve of the mode proposed by the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , nor did he approve of referring this motion to the Committee of Finance , who had already enough upon their hands ; considerable time must therefore elapse before any return could be made by them , or else other things which they had in hand must be neglected . He wished a committee to be appointed for the express purpose of carrying into execution the object of this motion . He was not sanguine enough to suppose that any curtailing of pensions would cause any diminution of the public burdens , as they are felt by individuals ; for when 50 millions a-year were required to