The system now in force would in the present year produce 22,000 men , and would prove progressively more productive in every future year . The plan of the noble lord would impede its progress , and operate as a very unequal tax upon the public , for every gentleman must know , that not one of six of the balloted men served in person , so that , in procuring a substitute , the individual was subject to a most severe and unequal tax . Upon all these grounds he should feel it to be his duty to oppose the measure , unless it should undergo such modification in the committee as would remove his objections . wished to take the earliest 875 opportunity of stating his objections to the measure proposed by his noble friend , because , however disagreeable it might be to him , it was the duty of every gentleman in that house , to state candidly his impressions upon a subject of such importance . He was undoubtedly aware , that what he was going to state , would not meet with general concurrence , but he was acting under a feeling of duty , and should declare his sentiments with candour . We had now come to a crisis when the situation of affairs would not admit of blunders , when an error might be fatal , and every member was therefore bound to make a free communication of what he felt upon the subject . He approved most cordially of that part of his noble friend 's proposition , which provided for the transfer of so many men from the militia as could be induced to volunteer into the line . That part of it was most efficacious , and if the proposition were to stop there , it would produce great public benefit , because the men so added to the army would be applicable to the protection of Ireland , where the militia could not be expected as a body to serve . The men also , who should volunteer into the regular army , would very soon be fit for service in the regiments to which they might be transferred . As he understood his noble friend , his plan was to raise 38,000 men by ballot for the in order to replace those who should volunteer into the line , and to provide a certain number of supernumeraries , in order to supply the vacancies as they should occur by casualties , and the expiration of the men 's service , so that it should not be necessary to resort again to the ballot for some time . To this part of his noble friend 's plan he objected , because it did not appear to him to be efficacious . As to the application of the ballot , he had objections to that too , but not on the ground stated by the hon . member who had just sat down . It was his conviction that the ballot was necessary , and when that particular mode of raising a supply for the army had been the subject of much obloquy in that house , he had defended and supported it . He had on that occasion stated , what he was now ready to repeat , that no force adequate to the protection and defence of this empire could be obtained without some species of compulsion . No great army could be raised and kept up without having recourse to a compulsory levy . And it surprised him to hear gentlemen who applied their minds to such subjects , and supported 876 the reputation of statesmen , assert , that , when an army of three or four hundred thousand men was to be raised , such a force could be supplied by voluntary service . He agreed with his noble friend , that this was not the time for discussing the merits of the measure , and he equally approved of his intention not to disturb the system of the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Windham ) this session . It had