observing , that there was something in the present juncture peculiarly favourable for the restoration of peace upon honourable terms , if ministers dexterously availed themselves of it . Thinking so , he strongly recommended ministers to accept the proposal of negociation ; and , if they would enter upon it in the spirit of peace , he had no doubt that it would terminate in the establishment of that invaluable blessing ; but if ministers proceeded upon a different spirit , he had serious fears that it would lead to great and permanent 1170 calamity.—The next point upon which the hon . gent . felt extremely anxious for information , was with regard to America : whether communication had been made by the American government upon the subject of a recent event on the American coast ; and whether any steps had been taken by ministers in consequence of such communication ? This was a question with regard to which the country felt extremely interested , and particularly as to the probable result . These were the two important points upon which he thought it his duty to apply to ministers for information , not only for the satisfaction of that house , but of the country . But with regard to the proposed prorogation , the hon . gent . called the attention of ministers to other important considerations , which appeared to him strongly to forbid that proceeding so early as was expected . According to the conditions of the Prussian treaty , it was stipulated that our commerce should be excluded from all the ports subject to that power , and it was understood that , in consequence of that stipulation , a large expedition had been sent out , with an object in view which exposed us to the liability of having a new enemy . The probability even of such an event ought , in his opinion , strongly to impress upon the minds of ministers , the impropriety of proroguing parliament , particularly as that probability must , in the nature of things , be so soon determined . While the result of such a proceeding was suspended , and with a just impression of the consequences , should the result be unfavourable , it would obviously be wise in any ministers to keep parliament together , in order that they might occasionally resort to the aid of its counsel . But , there were many other reasons which should impress this advice upon ministers . Among others , the incidents which might arise either out of a negociation for peace , or a continuance of war—the consequences which might result from the state of our present relations with America , and from the nature of our prospects with other powers ; all of which it might be proper and necessary immediately to communicate to parliament , enforced time propriety of postponing the prorogation . But another , and a forcible reason for such postponement , was suggested by the present alarming situation of our West-India trade , through which we were likely to have so considerable a portion of our revenue cut off , and with regard to which , immediate 1171 proceedings ought of course to be taken by parliament . Under all these circumstances , the hon . gent . expressed his hope and wish , that ministers would not attempt to counsel his majesty to prorogue the parliament so soon as was reported . rose , and spoke to the following effect : —I do not rise , sir , for the purpose of offering any argument to justify the exercise of his majesty 's prerogative , with regard to the prorogation of parliament , or to state the reasons which may influence his servants in the counsels which they may deem it advisable to offer upon such a subject . Any attempt at that sort of justification is , according to my judgement , in the present instance , totally unnecessary . But I rise to make such replies to the hon . member 's questions , as I feel consistent with my public duty ; and I