it is the present . If ever there was a time when the immediate defence of the kingdom ought to engross our thoughts , to the exclusion of every distant object , it is now . But , from the observations of a noble lord , who spoke in support of this bill , it would appear that ministers are thinking of Alexandria , and the Cape , and South America , when they should be looking to Kent and to Essex . Gracious heavens ! is it possible that infatuation can be carried to this length ? —that when the existence of England is in question , her strength is to be wasted in distant expeditions and colonial conquests ? Gladly would I hope that the noble lord has misconceived the ideas of his friends ; but the extreme anxiety which is manifested for a disposable force , and the whole tenour of the measure before us , form such a commentary on the observation that dropped from the noble lord , as fills me with dread and anxiety . As if our internal defence were not already sufficiently precarious , his majesty 's ministers propose to make a trifling augmentation to our disposable force , at the expense of disorgani- consequences of French conquest : but the picture has been drawn in detail , and with a was masterly hand , by the author of The Dangers of the Country ; —a picture which Englishmen would do well to look at , while yet the danger may be averted . 1148 zing the militia , suspending its efficiency at most critical moment , and disgusting its officers ; and to gain a momentary addition to the total amount of our force , they propose an expedient which will give a serious interruption to the measures , that have lately been adopted , for the permanent improvement of the regular army.—Looking , my lords , to the dangers of our situation as likely to be permanent , I can not agree to sacrifice to a mere momentary convenience the lasting and important advantages arising from the measures I have alluded to—measures , founded on a just and profound view of human nature , the benefits of which every year 's experience will render more apparent , and which will do lasting honour both to the administration which carried them into effect , and to the enlightened individual with whom they more particularly originated . The observation of the noble secretary of state , that the interference will only be temporary , is not in my mind a satisfactory answer to the objection ; for the benefit to be expected from these measures depends in so great a degree , on a general belief in the permanence of the new system , that any thing which has even the appearance of tampering , must have a destructive effect in shaking the confidence of the country . I am the more inclined to insist on this objection , because the interference which I deprecate , is wholly unnecessary . I have stated , my lords , that by the establishment of an extensive and well-trained local militia , we should preclude the necessity of any great and immediate addition to our regular force . But it is not on this alone , that I rest my objection ; for if such an addition be necessary , and it a compulsatory levy for the immediate augmentation of our regular and militia forces be unavoidable , that levy may be enforced , without affecting in any degree the success of the new system of enlistment.—The mode in winch the ballot interferes with the recruiting of the regular army , has been repeatedly and amply illustrated . It is now admitted on all hands , that the demand for substitutes establishes a competition against the recruiting service ; and that when an extensive ballot is to be enforced , the price of substitutes will be so high , that no recruits can be expected to accept of the low bounty now offered for the regular army . This is the unavoidable effect of a