successfully resisted . If we resolved to encounter the question , we should do all that was to be done . As this was , perhaps , the last time that he might have occasion to address the house , during the present session , he felt it his duty to intreat their lordships to consider as nothing what had taken place ; to meet the question with new feelings and ideas ; to reflect that we were in the very crisis of our fate , upon the point , perhaps , of being assailed by the roost formidable enemy that had ever menaced the existence of the government of any country . It was his misfortune to have been a most unsuccessful advocate in favour of the Catholics ; but , it his recommendation could have any weight , he would say , that though this was the moment for parliament to grant all those immunities which they claimed , it was not the moment for them to ask for them . Under any of those acts which had been made for restraining that description of his majesty 's Irish subjects , under the harsh and compulsory statutes which were repealed in 1793 , under the sanguinary and dreadful code which preceded it , their condition , he was persuaded , would be far better than any they could hope to enjoy underthefriendship or domination of France . The first question which was asked by that power , when it meant to overturn the government of any country , was , What are the principles of disunion which prevail ? To the excluded , to the dissatisfied , and to the suffering of every country , France threw out these lines and baits ; but her professions and her conduct had never accorded with each other . The infatuated persons who 774 listened to her , soon discovered that the state which they renounced was far preferable to that which they obtained . So it would be found in Ireland , should ever the person who now wielded not only the force of France , but of the greater part of the continent , ever succeed in establishing his power in that part of the British empire . To prevent the possibility of any event of this dangerous and alarming nature , he called upon parliament to step forward with a lenient hand , to make a sacrifice of its prejudices , and to throw open the pale of the constitution to those who were interested in defending and upholding it . The question might be stayed off for a time , but a must must be discussed sooner or later . He was aware that it might be objected to him , that those who predict danger , contribute not a little to create it ; and that this was not a time to harass and obstruct government . Any one , however , who conceived as he did , who saw not only danger but certain ruin and destruction in maintaining that system of policy he had condemned , would but ill discharge his duty if he hesitated to attack it . was not anxious to defend the bill of Indemnity on precedents only , but on the grounds of the necessity of the case out of which it grew . Nor would he deny that that necessity arose from the necessity of the dissolution of parliament ; for , as often as that topic should again he forced into discussion , so often should he insist on the absolute necessity of that measure . The real authors of that necessity were the very persons who have since so repeatedly and so acrimoniously inveighed against it ; for when his majesty , in the legitimate exercise of his prerogative , thought proper to make the late change in his councils , the noble lords opposite him made an appeal to parliament , and brought the question to issue between themselves and their sovereign . What then was left to his majesty , but to appeal to the sense of his people , while the events which made