except in case of actual invasion , or immediate danger of it , would , upon the whole , be the most useful purpose to which those branches of our military system could now be applied . But all the means of defence and exertion , to which he had adverted , ought to be consisidered as far from commensurate with the exigency of the present crisis , and with the permanent danger , for such we ought now to deem it , against which it was our urgent duty to provide . For these purposes , it was indispensably necessary to exercise the authority solemnly confirmed to his majesty by the legislature in 1803 , of calling upon all or any of his liege subjects , not only to assist in repelling an invading enemy , but previously to submit to such a course of training and discipline as would qualify them for active service in the field . Under such circumstances as the present , our actual and prepared means of defence should know no limits , bus those of our population : and considering the inestimable value of the stake for which we are contending , we can not be justified , in suffering our internal pre- 1118 parations to be in any degree diminished by our confidence in our insular situation , or even in the undisputed superiority of our navy . Let our force at sea be what it may , whatever may be its distribution , it is well known , that no degree of skill , vigilance , or exertion , can ensure the confinement of the enemy in their own ports , and that it is also impossible to prevent their disembarkation in considerable numbers , on various parts of the coast of the United Kingdom . It is therefore necessary , for the purpose of being perfectly secure ; of being , as far as human means can render us so , invulnerable , or at least invincible , that we should meet the enemy with what he can not bring . He must find us an armed nation . With these impressions , it was to him a matter of astonishment and deep regret , to hear that the parliamentary measures , which , it appeared , were still necessary for carrying the plan for a general training into effect , were not to be proposed till the ensuing session ; and it had been said , from official authority , in another place , that no danger was to be apprehended till the spring . It was indeed evident , from the conduct , the language , and measures of ministers , that they considered and treated the danger as remote : it might be so ; but to delay , upon such a supposition , the adoption of measures confessedly essential to our security , was a species of confidence , to say the least , for which he was unable to conceive any rational pretence , or suggest any possible excuse . Was it founded upon the fact , that the great body of the French army was still in Poland ? Let their lordships recollect the marches of the armies of France , in the autumn of 1805 and 1806 . In 1805 , they reached Ulm within a month from the time of their departure from Boulogne ; and shortly after , 80,000 Austrians were prisoners of war . In 1806 , they not only traversed in eight weeks , the vast tract of country between the banks of the Rhine and the Maine , and those of the Vistula , but crushed in their way , one of the greatest military powers in the world . The approach of autumn , or even of winter , would afford no security : on the contrary , long nights were favourable , when the object was to elude the vigilance or pursuit of a superior fleet ; and it must be recollected , that it was the depth of winter , when General Hoche anchored in Bantry Bay . Let it not however be supposed ,