in the nature of things , elapse between the commencement of those operations and the final attempt to bring them to an issue . The first period could not possibly be before the autumn ; the next would extend at least till winter ; and the final attempt would not be before at least a year had passed by : twelve months must first elapse , and at the end of that period , in what state would they find the force of the country ? just at that moment the effects of the noble lord 's bill would have operated , so far as to have , by that time , disorganized the defensible force , and the ballot , at that time , would not have been completed . Let the house , then , mark the injustice of the bill as affecting the militia . The militia might at that moment , be brought into action , when the country would inconsiderately , but very naturally , entertain precisely the same sentiments of its character and promise that it now so jutly did ; and what must be the result might be easily foreseen by any man who knew how ill calculated a set of raw recruits must be to supply the place of an experienced and disciplined soldiery . He had seen the first draught that had been made from a militia regiment in Kent , and an hon . gent . over against him had been present at the same time : he confidently appealed to that hon . gent. , if he ever witnessed such a shameless exhibition of drunkenness , idleness and dissoluteness , as upon that occasion . The defective situation in which these men were found on the subsequent expedition to Holland , was too well known to require any comment from him . He had been further assured by a general officer , who was very capable of forming a correct judgment on the fact , that after their return from that unfortunate service , it would take nine months to make these men fit for any other.—The evils and hardships of the measure now before the house would be felt most sensibly in recruiting the militia after the draft . The militia was in effect made up of substitutes , and those who now should be balloted and could not serve , must of course find substitutes , whatever price they might cost . The conscription enforced 945 throughout France was spoken of as worthy of being imitated here . If it was , let us come to it manfully , and let us not practise it indirectly , but more partially and oppressively , by beating up the militia , and then allowing it to feed till it filled itself , in order to devour it . He must say he had a better opinion of the army of reserve than of the measure now before the house . But even that measure justified in the execution , the objections he had felt , and made to it , while passing through the house . He had , notwithstanding the disapprobation he had felt and expressed , contributed most zealously and actively in carrying that measure into effect ; and he was sure every member would enforce this , or any other measure , with equal zeal , let their private sentiments of it be what they might . He again enforced the folly of having recourse to temporary expedients , to the destruction of lasting resources . The present expedient was a kind of fungus springing up and perishing as soon as it was plucked . The existing force was sufficient for all the exigencies of the time , even though the great door , which was about to have been opened for engaging the Irish Catholics to enlist , appeared to be irrevocably shut , [ a cry of no ! no ! ] at least while the right hon . gent . opposite should remain in power . The system which his right hon . friend had introduced to supersede and remedy that system of