, praising great conquerors , but , in his opinion , this gentleman who saved the lives of millions , was entitled to more praise than the most successful conqueror . concurred entirely with the noble lord , in the whole of what he had advanced , but most particularly so in the necessity there was for the adoption of some legislative measure , to prevent persons from bringing intentionally infectious 1011 diseases into large and populous cities and towns , which must be the case in again introducing the inoculation for the smallpox . He had been informed it was the practice of the Small-pox Hospital , to inoculate out-patients , and that those persons , so inoculated , were obliged to pass from their several lodgings and places of abode , two or three times a week , in order to be examined at the hospital , than which nothing could , in his mind , be more calculated to disseminate infection , and to spread the ravages of that dreadful and malignant disorder . He hoped , therefore , some legislative measure would soon be adopted on that subject . As to the motion now under the consideration of the committee , it had his hearty concurrence . said , he believed his hon . friend was not correct in what he had stated as to the Small-pox Hospital . He was not prepared at the moment to Speak decisively on the subject , but he believed , though it had formerly been the practice of the Small-pox Hospital to inoculate out-door patients , they had not done so lately . He was one of the governors of that hospital , and he knew they were very favourable to the practice of vaccination . If , however , what had been stated by his hon . friend were true , it would certainly deserve the consideration of the house to put a stop to such injurious proceedings . He thought , however , there had not been sufficient notice taken of one point , viz . that this mode of inoculation Was not subject to infection , and that therefore it was not liable to the serious objections made against inoculation for the small-pox . When this Subject was formerly before the house , he had voted for the smaller sum ; but he did not mean thereby to confine himself to it , in case the discovery should be found to be attended with those advantages which had since been found to result from it ; and he had no doubt in his mind , but if the then chancellor of the exchequer ( Mr. Pitt ) were now alive , and in that high office , he would now vote for the additional sum , though he also had then opposed it . He could wish this motion to be amended by the insertion of the words , `` that this mode of inoculation was not liable to infection . '' said , in answer to the last hon . gent . that he could assure the committee he was correct in what he had stated as to the Small-pox Hospital , which he shewed by a statement of their Own , by which it appeared they had inocu 1012 lated 2245 persons in a year . In having done this , he meant no imputation on them ; on the contrary , he believed , as his hon friend who spoke last had very truly mentioned , that the governors and professors were favourable to vaccination , and he hoped they would themselves put an end to the practice of inoculating out-patients , and thereby prevent the necessity of any legislative measure as to them . said , the great merit of this discovery was , that it exterminated the disease , whereas all other modes of inoculation increased it , by being liable to infection , and it had been indisputably proved , that since inoculation there had been more deaths than before it . He thought the sum proposed was too small . Dr. Jenner had dedicated his whole time to it