of the people , it has been already expressed by chapters and corporations , and riotous meetings . My lords , I feel myself called upon by every motive of public duty to support this amendment . We have heard this night of systematic opposition ; but if ministers come into power upon unconstitutional principles , it is childish and absurd to talk of any other opposition than 590 that of an united body , firmly acting upon the principles of the constitution , and determined to resist by every constitutional means those who have no other title to power than faction and intrigue . observed , that the great object of censure from the other side of the house , was the dissolution of parliament , the legality of which the noble lord ( Holland ) had questioned But this dissolution was not without good reasons ; reasons which did not exist when the former dissolution in October last had taken place . Measures of the greatest moment , brought forward by the late ministers , had been passed by the parliament which was then dissolved , and these also incompatible , in some degree , with former measures agreed to by the same parliament . Ministers had not then to fear any very formidable opposition , nor any factious Tavern Meetings , to concert schemes to obstruct the operations of government ; yet they dissolved that parliament . But before the late dissolution it was suspected that the noble lords on the other side , and their friends , would not shew an equal degree of moderation , and as far as experience had yet gone , the suspicion appeared to have been well-founded , and a dissolution became advisable . What was the ground of the dissolution in October ? Was it the failure of the negotiation ? Disgraceful and ridiculous as the conduct of that negotiation had been throughout , yet it was not perhaps so bad as people apprehended it was , when they saw that the expedient of a dissolution was resorted to . The noble lord then proceeded to compare the dissolution of 1784 with the late one . The dissolution of 1784 was founded on the best reasons of any he had heard of , except the last . The circumstances were , in a great measure , similar . The house of commons had then passed a measure pregnant with danger to the constitution , and when the king in consequence , thought proper to change his ministers . The junction of parties , formerly hostile to each other , enabled them to overpower the government . An appeal to the people then became necessary . Though in the late parliament the ministers had a majority , yet the opposite party had a number sufficient to embarrass the operations of government . A dissolution therefore became advisable . The cases were nearly similar , with this exception , however , that they on the other side who approved of the dissolution of 1784 , censured the last . The cry of private influence had then been set up , and the noble 591 lord on the opposite side ( Grenville ) had considered that cry as ridiculous then , though he had now joined in it . But the noble lord now acted with different persons , and `` evil communications Corrupt good man '' ners . '' Then a dangerous measure had been passed by the commons , now an attack had been made on the personal conduct of the king . A great deal had been said about setting up the cry of `` No Popery , '' but they themselves had set up that cry , The present ministry had nothing to do with it . The noble lord then detailed the proceedings respecting what had been called the Roman Catholic Measure , and contended that by that the late ministers had raised the cry which they now wished to shift from themselves to the present ministers . A noble lord ( Holland ) said , that it was an amomaly in the constitution that the king could