right hon . gent . which had excited so much admiration , but re-stated his reasons for proposing the enactment of the measure for two years , which nothing that he had heard could induce him to alter . If the bill was not popular in Ireland , that was to him a proof of its necessity.—The committee then divided : For the original clause , 68 ; against it , 21 . After which the house resumed . The petition complaining of undue elections and returns for the county of Kilcardine , and for the boroughs of Oakhampton and East Grimstead , were discharged , as the petitioners had failed entering into the necessary recognizances.—Sir A. Wellesley moved for , and obtained leave to bring in , two bills ; the one for allowing a certain number of men to volunteer from the Irish militia into the regiments of the line ; the other for increasing the Irish militia to a certain extent , by ballot or by bounty . The bills were then brought up and read a first time . The report of this bill was brought up . proposed an amendment , that , instead of the penalty of 100l . on magistrates for not sending notice within three days to the quarter sessions , of the persons 925 deputed by them to receive arms , the penalty should be but 20l . The reason of this proposed alteration was , that it had been yesterday stated that 100l . would be much too large a penalty , as many of the magistrates in Ireland were not worth 100l . per annum . said , that he lamented to hear that the magistracy in Ireland was in such a degraded situation , that 100l . should be reckoned too severe a penalty , for a wilful neglect of duty . He , for his part , thought the penalty was not too severe , and that it would be necessary , in order to oblige them to do their duty . considered , that the larger penalty would , instead of producing any good effect , only tend to alarm the magistrates , and prevent men from undertaking the duties of that situation . thought it was a most serious consideration , to think what chance of justice the people of Ireland had from magistrates that were not worth 100l . a year ; and still more , what security they would have for the good conduct of those persons which such magistrate should please to depute . considered that the penalty would be a severe hardship upon the magistrates , and that it might be incurred without any wilful neglect . thought that it would be better to take away the penalty altogether . The magistrates would still be liable to be proceeded against criminally for any neglect of duty ; and if any individual should suffer injury from such neglect , that person might have his action for damages.—After some farther conversation , it was agreed that the penalty should be taken away altogether . then proposed a clause , that when arms should be surrendered in consequence of a district being proclaimed , the owners of those arms should receive them back again when the district was restored to the king 's peace , or else they might sue the district for the value of them . He stated that there were innumerable instances of persons entitled to bear arms , who had registered them , and had yet been obliged to surrender those arms when the district was proclaimed , and could never get them back again . This was often a loss of considerable importance . Among other gentlemen who had so lost their arms , his right hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) was one . From his house there were taken pistols , 926 and other arms , silver-mounted , and of considerable value , and they were never restored to him . If those seizures were made by magistrates themselves , there would be persons responsible for them : but when those seizures were made by any