British army could not at any time derive a sufficient supply from the volunteers alone , this was a serious grievance . Such had not been the case formerly , and his measure would provide a supply for future exigencies , in the number of persons retiring with persons , at the end of their times of service , who would be liable to be called forth again upon such exigencies . So far as he was himself concerned , he wished his measure to be repealed , as he was sure it would not be allowed a fair trial . He denied the existence of an emergency sufficient to justify the breaking up of the militia , and the overturning of the new system . If such an emergency did exist , he would prefer a direct ballot into the line as the means of meeting it . It was not true that the regular army was in a continued state of decrease . It had increased in 1804 ; it had increased in 1805 ; and notwithstanding a reduction of 3000 men at Ceylon , there had been an increase of 8000 men from March 1806 to March 1807 . The 905 new measure according to its last rate would afford a supply of 24,000 men a year , which was 11,000 above the common casualties as commonly calculated . The measure was now in the hands of his majesty 's ministers , who would probably act by it like a parish nurse , stinting its meals , disturbing its rest , and giving it a sly pinch as often as opportunity offered . He would move for further returns , though the sense of the country was so clear that it , seemed superfluous to take further pains to shew the success of his measure . He had said that it would be useful to commence the system of discharges by dismissing those who had been 21 years in his majesty 's service . He was sure these men would have been immediately replaced by others induced by their example to come forward ; such would be the effect of other cases of discharge also . His opinion , however , had been surrendered to persons whose judgment he respected , and who thought otherwise . He had given no pledge , of course no engagement was broken . With respect to the employment of our troops on foreign service , the troops sent to Alexandria , had gone not from home but from the Mediterranean , where they had been sent by the late ministers . He should , if called upon , be ready to argue the policy of the expedition . The sufficiency of the number of troops sent was another question . There had been every reason to think that the expedition had been undertaken with the concurrence of the natives . Under these circumstances , and if it had not been for the misconception that led to the disasters that befel our troops , they would have been able to maintain themselves unhurt . With respect to the expedition to South America , it was undertaken not by the choice of the late government—it was undertaken contrary to orders , by an officer who , it was to be presumed , acted not improperly in undertaking it , as he was again in employ . [ Hear ! hear ! from the opposition . ] It became necessary to send out aid as soon as the first account was received . The promptitude and sufficiency of that aid he was ready to maintain ; for the delay in the passage of general Craufurd 's expedition , the late government was not culpable . No expedition had ever sailed from this country better manned and found . No force had ever enjoyed better health , or suffered so very little by casualties . All the letters received from the fleet spoke in the highest terms of the general to whom the merit 906 of this was given , as well as to the naval officer commanding , to whom he was glad to