the act that had expired , till other provisions should be prepared by parliament , that could be produced on this subject , and that order he held in his hand , and had brought down to present to the house this day . The chancellor of the exchequer then presented the Order of Council which was ordered to lie on the table , and to be printed.—Lord Howick moved , that there be laid before this house , an account showing the amount of all sums of money that have been issued at the receipt of the Exchequer to the paymaster general of the forces , the treasurer of the navy , the treasurer 661 surer of the ordnance , and for all other public services , between the 28th of April and the 27th of June instant ; specifying the funds out of which the same have been issued . Ordered.—Mr . Bankes gave notice , that on Monday next , he should move for leave to bring in a bill to prevent the granting of Places or Offices in reversion . It had also been his intention to give notice of a motion for the revival of the Finance committee , but that was in other hands , in which he was happy to see it , and he trusted that no time would be lost in bringing it forward.—Mr . Whitbread gave notice , that on Monday se'ennight , he should submit a motion to the house , relative to the State of the Nation . The hon . gent . also gave notice , that on Friday , he should move for the revival of one or two of the bills for the education and relief of the Poor.—Mr . Croker wished to know from the noble lord opposite , who had in the debate of the preceding night , adverted to the subject of Tithes in Ireland , whether it was his intention to bring forward any measure on that subject this session ? The hon . member was proceeding to comment on the importance of the question to Ireland , when he was reminded by the Speaker , of his being not in order.—Lord Howick replied , that there had been plans for the amelioration of the Tithes system in Ireland , under the consideration of his Majesty 's late ministers , and that it was their intention as soon as they could bring any one to maturity , to submit it to parliament . He had alluded to the subject on the preceding evening only to recommend it to the most serious attention of his majesty 's ministers . He did not mean to take up the question this session , but might in a future session , though for every reason he thought it better that such a measure should originate with government.—Mr . Hall brought up the report of the address , which was agreed to , and the address ordered to be presented by such Members as are of his majesty 's privy council—The lords commissioners ' speech on opening the session was then ordered to be referred to a committee of the whole house on Monday.—lord Castlereagh brought down the following Message from the king : viz.—George R. His Majesty being desirous of conferring a signal mark of his favour and approbation on major general sir John Stuart , knight of the most honourable order of the bath , in consequence of the eminent services rendered by him in the brilliant and decisive 662 victory obtained by the troops under his command against a superior French force upon the plains of Maida , on the 4th day of July 1806 , and of the valour and skill displayed by him on that occasion , recommends it to his faithful Commons to enable his majesty to make provision for securing to the said sir John Stuart a pension of 1000l . per annum for the term of his natural life . G. R. '' Ordered to be taken into consideration on Monday.—The usual resolutions respecting the Trial of Election petitions were then voted , and petitions were presented ,