against our Indian empire were well known . He insisted also on the instability of the peace with the native powers in India . He was of opinion , that those who should advance money on the credit of these bonds would have a claim upon the public , if the company should prove unable to discharge them . [ Certainly not , said Mr. Grant , ] That was , in his opinion , at least doubtful . If the company could raise the money on its own credit , why did it come to parliament ? If the sanction of parliament was necessary , it was in order to give the bonds a credit , which implied a sanction , amounting virtually to a guarantee . defended the raising of money upon bonds , in preference to the augmentation of the company 's capital , which the company was already by law entitled to make . With respect to the urgency of passing the bill soon , he believed it was strictly a private bill , and must of course be reported this day se'nnight , or fall to the ground . This , however , the house might dispense with . With respect to the state of the company 's affairs , though expensive wars had brought on heavy charges , the Indian empire was as little ruined by those heavy charges , as this country was by the heavy wars it had to sustain in Europe . Neither did the failure of commercial speculations in one or two years imply absolute ruin . The West-India merchants also were under difficulties : but nobody thought of saying they were in danger of being ruined . He denied that the passing of this bill amounted to a guarantee on the part of parliament . It might as well be argued , that parliament would 836 be guarantee to the increase of the capital which the company had already power to make by act of parliament . as a member of parliament , ignorant on this subject , and entitled to information , contended , that no farther proceedings should be had on this measure , without full inspection of such documents as could be had . There would be abundant time for this . It was generally understood that the session could not be terminated in less than five weeks . thought it strange , that , as this measure had been agreed to by the late board of controul , it should now be opposed by the secretary to that board ( Mr. Creevey ) . He denied that parliament , in passing the bill , guaranteed the bonds . The present high price of the company 's stock , 180 per cent. , was a sufficient proof of the company 's credit , and the stability of its funds , without the aid of parliament . The present discussion was , at least , a sufficient notice that parliament gave no sanction . The parliament was never supposed to sanction the West-India dock company , or any other private speculating company , when an act was passed , enabling such company to increase its capital . It was allowed on all hands , that the company wanted relief , and this was the best mode of granting that relief . supported the measure , and maintained the propriety of proceeding upon it without delay . The company 's investments had been fully attended to . The difficulties arose from the state of the continental market , goods to the amount of 7,000,000l . being on hand . The territorial revenue in India , afforded a surplus of 1,000,000l . above the expenditure . The late wars had rendered our empire more secure against any attempt from the native powers . recommended a minute investigation of the company 's affairs , with a view to a complete settlement . Temporary arrangements were indeterminate and unsatisfactory . thought parliament bound to investigate the solvency of the parties to whom it granted power to raise money , and of course responsible in the event of these parties proving insolvent.—The