, particularly in our Indian possessions . He trusted that under these circumstances , the larger reward would be voted . maintained the propriety of voting the larger sum . He was the more particularly interested in recommending this discovery to remuneration , as it had contributed infinitely to the relief of the poor , in whose cause he was now particularly engaged . If this opportunity of conferring an adequate reward should be passed by , it would never return . also supported the enlarged motion . He thought something ought to be done to prevent inoculation for the small-pox , otherwise the discovery would not have its full effect . After a few words in support of the larger grant , from Mr. Baring , Mr. Rose jun . and sir C. Pole , the house divided : For the larger grant 60 ; For the smaller 47 ; Majority 13. moved the order of the day for going into a committee on the poor 's Relief bill.— On the clause relating to Settlement , a conversation took place between Mr. Morris , Mr. Whitbread , Mr. Fuller , Mr. Calvert , Mr. Giddy , Mr. W. Smith , Mr . Pole Carew , Mr. Rose , Mr. S. Bourne , and the Solicitor-General . proposed that the blank should be filled up with the words `` ten years , '' instead Of `` five . '' was willing to admit the introduction of `` seven years . `` —A division ensued ; for the ten years 32 , against it 25 : majority 7. moved for the admission into the clause of a proviso that it should not extend to Norwich . After some observation by Mr. Whitbread , this motion was negatived without a division.—A long discussion then took place on the question , `` that the above clause so amended , stand part of the bill ; '' which terminated in a division : For the clause 23 ; against it 30 ; majority 7. then declared his intention of abandoning the bill for the present session , and the chairman left the chair . The Irish Insurrection bill went through the committee , and was reported . Lord Kingston rose to observe , that he felt it incumbent on him to take notice of a misrepresentation which had gone abroad in a morning paper , of the few remarks he had made in the course of the debate on the second reading of the Irish Insurrection bill . As he did not imagine such a misrepresentation could be intentional , he should take no advantage of any privilege the house might possess of calling the printer to the bar , but he wished it to be understood , that he meant not the least disrespect to the magistrates of the county of Sligo . What he pointed to was , the case of a person in the county of Wexford , who , during the late rebellion in Ireland , had a halter round his neck , and was actually on the point of being hanged . Mr. William Spurrier , on the motion of colonel Wood , was brought to the bar , where he received the following reprimand from the Speaker , and was ordered to be discharged out of custody paying his fees : `` William Spurrier ; Complaint having been made , that the execution of the last writ of election for the town and county of the town of Poole had been unduly delayed , several persons have been examined at the bar of this house touching that transaction , and by their evidence the writ has been traced into your hands . Upon your own examination it has appeared , although not without many endeavours at concealment on your part , that you procured the writ and detained it for a long period of time , from motives of undue favour and par- 1017 tiality , to the hindrance of that election , and in breach of the privileges of this house . That such misconduct might not go altogether unpunished , you were thereupon committed to the