he could not obtain all the clauses embraced by the bill , he was desirous at least for the enactment of those , against which no material objection had been expressed . With respect to that clause in the bill which tended to facilitate the obtainment of settlements to poor persons long resident in a parish , he was extremely sorry to find a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) , who was the first to introduce a relaxation into the laws upon that head , opposed to the present clause . In his own conception , nothing could be more inconsistent with reason , justice , and humanity , than the law as it now stood , which refused settlement to a 848 poor man , who had spent the vigour of his youth , and the industry of his whole life in a parish , maintaining an honest character and an orderly and exemplary conduct , in the support of himself and his little family , for 20 , 30 , or even 40 years , without ever calling on the overseers for parochial relief : it was cruel that such a man should be driven at the latter end of his life , borne down by age and infirmities , from the parish which had so long benefited by his honest labour , to a parish perhaps two or three hundred miles distant , where he happened to be born , but where he had never been since a boy , to seek a settlement and maintenance amongst persons to whom he was utterly unknown , and who would , of course , feel but a cold disposition to maintain an object , of whose character and merits through life , they knew nothing . A case of this sort had occurred in his own parish , since the dissolution of the late parliament , where a poor man of four-score , resident fifty years in that parish , applied for relief , and the overseers insisted on sending him to the parish where he was born , at a distance of 300 miles ! It was enough to break the heart of any magistrate of humane feelings , to be obliged to give effect to the law in a case of so much cruelty ; and therefore feeling himself unable to comply with that severity , he had contrived by an application to the overseers of the poor man 's native parish and those in his own , to prevent the poor man from being removed . This wretched old man never had applied before for parish relief , and even locked himself up with his aged wife , in their miserable cottage , determined to starve to death rather than be sent to a workhouse . It was therefore desirable to do away this cruel distinction , and to enable the magistrates to do by law , what humanity forced them now to do against law . Another clause was that which enabled the parish overseers to refuse aid to the pauper until he should have parted with the last article of his miserable furniture , even to his bed , and expended the last shilling in his maintenance , instead of letting him keep his little furniture , and affording him some temporary relief at his own house during a time of sickness or transient distress , rather than forcing him naked to a workhouse , obliging him to become a permanent burthen on his parish . Upon the whole , he wished the bill to be allowed to go to a committee , to receive such amendments either by the expunction or the improve 849 ment of such clauses as now seemed exceptionable , and thus to enact such clauses as would be made unexceptionable , and which could derive no improvement from delay . took shame to himself , that he was not aware the bill was to have been this day read a second time . There were many clauses of the bill which he approved of , and thought they might be productive of much good ;