the years 1803 and 1804 , had supported the measure which he now preferred : and in the spring of 1804 , when , in consequence of the high rate of bounties occasioned by the number of men ( 195,000 , exclusive of volunteers ) raised within 13 months , he proposed only a suspension of this measure , that proposition was resisted by a large minority of the house of commons , and particularly by a right hon . gent . now unhappily no more ( Mr. Pitt ) , who declared that he should recommend the compulsory principle of that bill as the basis of a plan for the increase of our domestic force , and for the permanent supply of the army . This intention was indeed afterwards abandoned , under circumstances , into which , for reasons which , he trusted , were obvious , he did not now wish to enter . But even after this change of intention , the army of reserve was highly and continually applauded , and he was convinced that if the life of the distinguished person to whom he had alluded had been spared , that he would himself have recommended it to the adoption of parliament.—But the noble baron ( lord Hawkesbury ) had stated , that the chief objection to the renewal of this measure , was founded upon the remission of the 1226 by the lords commissioners , the members separated.—Thus ended the first session of the fourth parliament of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland . fines in those places , where the required quota of men for the army of reserve had not been raised . This , he begged leave to say , was not accurate either in reasoning , or in statement . If such an example was injurious in its tendency , which he acknowledged it to be , however unavoidable in the particular case , the argument was as strong against a ballot for the militia , as for the army of reserve ; as the remission of the fines afforded the same encouragement to neglect in one case , as in the other . But , in fact , the observation did not fairly apply to the army of reserve at all . It was true that under the act by which that force was to be constituted , penalties were to be levied where the number of men required to be raised by ballot , had not been procured ; but by Mr. Pitt 's Additional Force bill those penalties were transferred to a failure in procuring a number of men ( equal to the deficiencies in the army of reserve ) , not by ballot , as under the Army of Reserve bill , but by voluntary recruiting , through the agency of parish officers for a limited bounty ; and it was one of the numerous objections to that measure , that it inflicted punishment in cases where there might have been no neglect . This injustice had been illustrated at the time , by comparing it to that of directing a person , when wheat was 7s . 6d . per bushel , to purchase that quantity for 5s. , and to fine him if he could not procure it at such a price . And what in fact had been the operation of that bill ? Of the intended and expected number a small part only had been raised , and of that part not a moiety by the means required by the bill , notwithstanding the official exhortations of the noble baron ( lord H. ) , which had the obvious and recorded effect of checking the ordinary recruiting service , for the purpose of giving ostensible success to this favoured measure . It failed however in all respects ; and it would have been the height of injustice to levy penalties where there had been no misconduct , and where the fault was not in the agents but in the measure itself . The remission of the fines must therefore be admitted to afford a striking comment on 1227 the