the receipts given by the various parties through whose hands the writ passed ; 3d , and above all , the utmost facility would be afforded to detection and remedy , if , either by accident or design , the writ should be diverted from its proper course . With regard to the perquisites which the messenger of the great seal had hitherto received on the delivery of writs he did not wish that they should be touched during the life of the person who at present held that office , for two reasons : 1st , because those perquisites had been regulated , at different periods , by authority ; and , 2d , because the present officer had rectified many abuses , and had not put up the writs to a kind of public auction , in imitation of his predecessors . Should the house give him leave to bring in his bill , he should move for the appointment of a committee to examine into the fees and perquisites of the messenger of the great seal , for the purpose of introducing a clause into the bill in order to save the present officer from any loss . Alter his death , he was of opinion that these fees and perquisites might be abolished ; at present they amounted , one year with another , to about 500l . a year . This might be charged on the consolidated fund , or put on the sheriffs ' account . He concluded by moving for leave to bring in a bill to insure certainty and dispatch in the delivery of writs for the election of members of parliament.—Leave granted . The order of the day having been read for the house to resolve itself into a committee on the Irish Arms bill , Mr. Long moved that the Speaker do leave the chair . would not oppose the motion for going into a committee , although the bill appeared to him to be so highly objectionable , so calculated to defeat the purposes which it had in view , and so alluring to the enemy to invade Ireland , that he did not think it possible to amend it in such a way as to render him friendly to the measure . reprobated the bill . He entered into a description of the state of Ireland , to show that the bill was unnecessary , and ámong other things mentioned , that in a Militia regiment , of which he had the honour of being second in command , four-fifths of the privates , half the non-commissioned officers , and six of the commissioned officers were Roman Catholics ; but that no unpleasant circumstances whatever had thence arisen . observed , that the clauses of this bill had made a part of the former Insurrection bill , and had only been changed for the purpose of mitigation . The bill had been prepared by the late attorney general for Ireland , and , if it was necessary six months ago , nothing had since occurred to make it less necessary . admitted that the draft of the bill had been prepared by order of the late government , but that the clauses had not been finally determined upon . Many of the clauses required modification , and if his hon . friend had not intimated his intention to propose the amendments he was to move , it would have been his duty to do so . At the same time , he must say that the late government would not hake taken upon themselves the responsibility for the state of Ireland , without the controul of this measure properly modified . For this reason , he should not oppose the speaker 's leaving the chair . was not satisfied of the necessity of the measure and should therefore oppose its pi ogress in every stage.—The House then resolved itself into the committee.—A discussion then took place upon the clause for authorising magistrates from time to time to call for an inventory of the arms of persons , whom they may suspect of having arms illegally . contended ,