They might have gone to the old resource , as the noble lord has done , of plundering the militia : that expedient was as open to them as to his majesty 's present ministers , and required no great genius to invent , nor talents to execute . But besides that it did not meet the difficulty , and would have left the country , in a short time afterwards , just in the same situation in which all similar measures had left it , it did not appear to them a measure to be resorted to , even for the purposes for which it was good , except upon a necessity greater than that which they considered as existing.—Whether the experiment thus made had succeeded or not , as procuring a supply for the army adequate to its consumption , it would be difficult to say that the attempt ought not to have been made , since it was by a change of this sort , that is to say , an improvement in the service , in some way or other , that a prospect of complete success could alone be afforded , and since , even if such success should be unattainable , the partial success of every other measure must be greatly promoted , by whatever should render the service more palatable to those who were to enter into it , whether voluntarily , or by compulsion . The trial hitherto made , not only shewed that the measure ought to have been tried , but that it was likely to be attended with the most complete success . To have put the army upon a footing in which it might have stood by itself without the aid of continual props and supports , was , if accomplished , no small service ; but it was far from the whole which the circumstances of the country at the present moment unhappily required , and which the late ministry might flatter themselves with having effected . Against the new dangers which now threaten every country , armies alone are not a sufficient defence . When the army has been carried 894 to its greatest extent , means must still be looked for from the population at large , from the great mass of the community whom it is idle to talk of turning into soldiers , by whom the state must be maintained , and whom it can not maintain , and who could not therefore be spared , even if they could be forced , except occasionally and momentarily , from the labours and occupations of common life . To devise the means by which the great mass of the inhabitants might be made to contribute to the general defence , and come in aid of the operations of the army , was the object of the Training act , —a measure which , if the noble lord thought to decry by shewing , could he even succeed in so doing , that in the details much was still imperfect and wanting , he must be answered as Dr. Johnson answered some one who , on similar principles , was criticizing a dictionary , that he who thought to destroy the credit of a work of that sort merely by pointing out particular faults , only betrayed his own ignorance , for that no work of that nature was ever put forth , in which examples might not be found of faults of every description . Such faults he was ready to allow might exist in the Training act , but not more than would naturally be found in every similar measure . No bill of the sort in question was ever completed in the first instance , or came perfect out of the hands of the framer . Much must always be left to be supplied and corrected by trial and experience . These additions and amendments let the noble lord supply . But let him not set aside or seek to depreciate the measure , or deny that a measure of this sort , this or some other , must form a great