by restrictions ? The enemy might hope to break their chains , but they could not expect to turn towards them those hearts , that had been conciliated by kindness and confidence . Instead , therefore , of putting them on trial , his wish certainly would be , to give them the benefits of the constitution before they mustered in the field . Instead of the yoke of slavery , he would hang the privilege of the constitution about their necks , and arm them with their rights . He again repeated , that if no other good effect should result from this motion , than an acknowledgment , on the part of parliament , of the importance of the subject , the motion ought to be adopted . Charles the First asked Seldon `` What was the best way to put down a rebellion ? '' to which Seldon answered , `` remove the cause . '' He begged of the government to apply this 1218 answer to Ireland , and put an end to disaffection there , by removing the cause . thought that a proper and just view of the state of Ireland , could not be obtained without an enquiry . supported the resolution ; and thought that parliament would become discredited in Ireland , if on all occasions a deal ear was turned to the complaints of the people of Ireland.—The house then divided ; For Mr. Sheridan 's motion 33 ; Against it 76 . List of the Minority . Bradshaw , C. Laurence , Dr. Barnard , S. Moore , P. Cavendish , Lord G. Maxwell , J. Cavendish , W. Noel , G. N. Calcraft , J . Petty , Lord H. Coombe , H. C. Parry , J. H. Craig , J. Piggott , Sir A. Dillon , H. A. Phillips , R. M. Dawson , R. Romilly , Sir S. Folkestone , Lord Russell , Lord W. Gipps , G. Sheridan , R. B. Grattan , H. Somerville , Sir M. H. Herbert , H. A. Sharpe , R. Hibbert , G. Windham , W. Johnstone , C. Ward , J. W. Johnstone , G. A. Wilder , F. Lambe , W. When strangers were readmitted , was on his legs , and stating that he meant to propose some Resolutions relative to the Army , merely expressing facts as they appeared by the papers on the table . He understood the noble lord had some resolutions to propose also , but they consisted of reasoning instead of fact . He did not like this reasoning in Resolutions . It was like turning the statutes into verse , or like turning the speeches of the noble lord into rhyme to amuse the house at 5 o'clock in the morning.—After some conversation between Mr. Windham , lord Castlereagh , and the Speaker , it was agreed that the Resolutions of each should be put separately , and the debate on them adjourned to this day se'nnight . They were as follow . Mr. Windham 's Propositions . I.—That the effective strength of the army was , Regulars . Militia . Total On the 1st of March 1807 173,600 . 75,182 . 248,782 . On the 1st of March 1807 181,856 . 77,211 . 259,067 . A reduction having in the mean time taken place , of a local corps of 3,000 men and upwards , in the island of Ceylon . II.—That the provisions of certain acts 1219 of parliament passed during the year 1806 , and having in view the better ordering of the army , and the improvement of the condition of non-commissioned officers and soldiers , took effect from the 24th of June in the said year . III.—That from the 1st of July following , the number of recruits raised for the regular army ( exclusive of those raised for foreign and colonial corps , and 650 men for a regiment commanded by the hon . col. Dillon ) was , In the first period of three months , ending on the 1st of October 1806 2,770 being at the rate per annum of 11,080 .