and simple reason for bringing forward the bill before the India accounts could be brought under the consideration of the house was , that if that course had not been taken , the bill could not be passed this session . The hon . member was aware how difficult it was to prepare the India accounts , so as that they could be presented in a form to be intelligible to the members 834 of that house . He was sorry to find an hon . gent . who had filled the situation lately held by that hon . member , so ignorant of the affairs of the company as to make the assertions he had done . It was true that by the accounts on the table there appeared a deficit at home of above 2,200,000l . which the hon . member had stated to be the amount of the company 's loss on their trade , where as it had arisen from the quantity of stores and other articles which were necessarily sent out in consequence of the situation in which the company 's settlements were placed . By the plan adopted in 1802 for the liquidation of the company 's debt , it had been recommended to send out from Europe considerable quantities of bullion , in order to avoid the necessity of making loans on improvident terms in India . This had been done in 1803 , 4 , and 5 ; but the sums and bullion so sent had been applied to the purposes of the wars that then existed , so that no reduction of the debt had taken place . So also , when the system in India had been changed by marquis Cornwallis , considerable sums had been sent out , not for commercial purposes , but for the general expenditure of the presidencies in India . Under these circumstances , the company , though by law authorized to increase their funded stock , had applied to parliament for authority to issue bonds , and this was a much better course for the public , because , if the stock of the company should not be worth any thing , it would be irretrievable to the holders , whereas the bonds might or might not be taken at the option of the individuals who might speculate in such securities . What he had said with respect to the prospect of peace , was founded on the report made by the governor-general , and he was persuaded that the jealousies of the native powers had been extinguished by the conciliating disposition manifested towards them by our government . On all these grounds , he should vote that the bill be now read a second time . defended the statement of his hon . friend , as to the situation of the East-India company 's affairs , and contended for the propriety of deferring the discussion , till the papers now printing should be in the hands of the members . He protested against the implied guarantees that would be given to the security of the bonds , without sufficient investigation of the state of the company 's affairs . To issue the bonds without such a guarantee , would be to delude the public . insisted upon the propriety of waiting till the documents now printing should be before the house . The importance and extent of the measure to be proposed to-morrow , for the defence of the country , would involve details , which would , in all probability , keep parliament sitting for so long a time , as to allow full opportunity to pass this measure after ample discussion . The state of the East-India company was such , that if the house could not in this session , go into a particular investigation of the company 's affairs , it ought at least to pledge itself by a resolution to do so in the next . He expatiated on the declining state of the company 's investments and sales ; on the increased dangers menacing our Indian possessions from the increased power of Bonaparte , whose hostile designs