was , I assure you , not less my intention this night , than it was on Monday , to address you at a much earlier hour of the evening , had other business permitted . The lateness of the hour on Monday was , indeed , one of the causes which induced me to postpone my motion until this evening ; and I can not but regret that on this , the last day , nay almost the last hour of the sessions , it should become necessary for me to arrest your attention ; because I know that at such a time to delay your sitting can not be agreeable to your feelings or to your habits . I am aware that it must have somewhat of an ungracious appearance to postpone your separation at such a season ; and , believe me , I am as willing to enjoy the benefits of that separation as any one among you ; but I am too strongly impelled by a call of imperious duty to yield to any desire of accommodation . The necessity which gave rise to that call , was not created by me—nor was the postponement of the proposition I am about to submit , from Monday to this late period , by any means my fault . The propriety of adopting it , is to my conviction rendered perfectly obvious by the circumstances of the two bills which you have recently passed with regard to Ireland . When you have determined to suspend the constitution and laws of Ireland , is it not reasonable to propose to you some enquiry into the causes alleged for such suspension , and how far such causes are removable—is it not wise , when you are sending such acts to Ireland , to communicate at the same time some assurances of your resolution to take the state of that country into your consideration ? I am confident that such conduct would be at once consistent with policy and humanity , and that much of the apprehension and irritation which acts of parliament may be naturally expected to 1186 produce , would be mitigated if accompanied by the adoption of a motion of the nature of that which I hold in my hand.—With regard to the intentions entertained by the last administration , to propose two acts similar to those I allude to , or to the character of the persons to whom the execution of the extraordinary powers which these acts confer might be intrusted , by either the late or the present governments , it is my intention to say very little indeed . Because I do not wish to touch upon any topic of irritation , I will not enter much into comparisons . My hope and desire is , to obtain an unanimous assent to the motion , as unanimity is necessary to give it complete effect . I shall abstain cautiously from any thing that resembles invidious distinction . I know that to no set of men could power have been more safely confided than to the members of the late administration . I am sure that in the hands of none would power have been less liable to abuse ; and whatever my disinclination to comparison may be , to them can not be denied this just distinction , that power might have been granted to them with the less reluctance , as they manifested a disposition to accompany its existence by every means of concession and conciliation . When I reflect in whom the power of these acts was to have been invested in Ireland—when I consider that it was to have been exercised by the duke of Bedford , who was not likely to call it into action , unless the necessity was irresistible , and who was in no case likely to abuse it , I must feel that he was peculiarly entitled to confidence . The character of that nobleman formed a guarantee against the apprehension of abused authority . But I have a great respect for his successor also ( the duke of Richmond ) , I know that