ingenuity to suppose for a moment that that gentleman did not perfectly understand the nature of , and good consequences that might result from , a well-managed diversion.— He was perfectly ready to confess , that his noble friend ought to retract one part of his accusation , and that was , that the right hon . gent . had not acted dextrously on his own plan ; for if he had determined completely to abandon the continent , certainly he acted on that plan with the greatest assiduity and effect . When the right hon . gent . urged , that it was for the interest of this country to shut itself up , and abandon the continent , and when the noble lord stated the benefits of economy , he put it to them to declare , whether they actually believed that either an economical war , or an efficient peace , could be secured by abandoning the continent , and thus setting the continent the example of abandoning this country . It was not true , that in the last war the negociations with Prance had always been commenced by the continental powers ; the instances were numerous in which they had been led by Great Britain . In the present war , Great Britain and Russia were on equal terms . Russia had but a remote interest in the contest : if , therefore , it were said , that by making peace with France , Russia had abandoned us , he would answer , that we had engaged with Russia—not for the purchase of her blood and exertions , but that , seeing her manfully struggling against the common enemy , we had engaged to lend her our aid . Russia , however , finding that no assistance was at hand , and that the promises of Great Britain had vanished in air , after sheaving how well she could bear up against the overwhelming torrent of French power , had agreed to make peace . The late coalition had certainly terminated with regard to us in a manner different from any of the former ones . In former coalitions , the powers of the continent left us alone , and fled from their engagements ; now they had left us alone , but they had not fled from their engagements , nor in the slightest degree violated their faith . If the right hon . gent . disputed this , he would go step by step to the proof . for Scotland depre- 1045 cated the manner in which the name and appointment of an hon . officer ( sir H. Popham ) had been introduced into the discussion by a noble lord opposite . If that noble lord thought that there was any thing culpable imputable to that officer , it was his duty to bring forward a charge against him , whilst he was in that house , and had an opportunity of defending himself . When he looked to the manner in which that topic bad been that evening introduced , he must say that he thought it highly indecent . If the noble lord had attended to the result of a former enquiry instituted in that house against the same gallant officer , it might have had the effect of inducing him to abstain from the charges which he had that night urged . For his own part , he must deny , that there had been any thing in that enquiry , or in the judgement of the court martial upon his conduct , that could render his appointment as captain of the fleet , improper or irregular . The noble lord might have found , in the case of a junior officer , captain Bowen , who had been appointed by the late to commander-in-chief of the channel fleet , captain of the fleet , just ground of complaint . He did not mean to say , that the officer to whose appointment he alluded , was not a most meritorious officer , or that he had not performed the duties of the station to which he had