Ireland by friendly attachment to this country ? main- 920 tained that the decision would be strengthened , the interest of individuals would be better secured , by the opinion of the Judge and Jury being both made public . He contended that the cases to which gentlemen alluded appeared to be what the law termed áamnum sine injuriâ and private interest must give way to public good . said , that if the magistrate was supposed to be innocent , that is , with respect to the quo animo with which he acted , and yet it was seen that an individual suffered materially , government or the country should reimburse the sufferer . said , that if the verdict of a jury was supposed to be erroneous , the constitution had provided a legal mode of redress to the party who supposed himself aggrieved , as he might move for a new trial , then for a second , and so on to a third ; and , if three juries of the county were agreed as to the same chief point , however highly he respected the character and general conduct of the judges in England and in Ireland , he must say , that he should think the verdict of three distinct juries infinitely preferable , to that of any individual who might oppose their decision , however highly venerable that individual might be seen in other respects.—The committee then divided upon this clause , and the numbers were : For the original clause , 75 ; for the amendment , 28 ; Majority 47 . Upon the period of `` two years , and to the end of the next ensuing session of parliament , '' being proposed for the duration of the act , rose and deprecated such a period , as it implied the contemplation of a necessity which might cease long before parliament was in the habit of annually considering the Mutiny bill , and the reasons which induced that habit pleaded with still stronger force for the annual consideration of a measure of this nature , which would go to put Ireland out of the pale of the constitution . What , he would ask , would gentlemen say , if it were proposed for such , or indeed for any period , to put England in such a situation ? was an advocate for the clause ; as was who stated , that if England were in such a state as that of Ireland , or likely to be so , he believed that no English gentleman would be found to oppose the adoption of a measure similar to the present . thought that shortening 921 the duration of the bill would be a sort of pledge to the Irish people of the reluctance with which parliament imposed such an act upon them , while its present extended duration would directly indicate an indifference upon the subject . For , although the necessity for the bill might now be fully evident , still no man could presume that the period objected to might not long survive that necessity . was decidedly of opinion that the clause ought to pass in its present stage , because there was no probability that the necessity which called for the bill would so soon cease ; and also because it wits desirable to prevent the agitation of a question of this nature so often as the right hon . baronet professed to wish lest such agitation might tend to aggravate the evil which the bill was meant to cure . deprecated the continuance of the bill for so long a term as that proposed by the clause now in discussion , and earnestly intreated the house to comply with the suggestion of his right hon . friend ( sir J. Newport ) . The right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , he said , had argued , that this bill would cease to operate as soon as the occasion for it should cease , and that it could be no grievance where it was not in operation . He ( Mr. G