convey blame on the advisers of that expedition . persisted that the 606 communication from the throne implied no censure on the conduct of his majesty 's late ministers ; while , on the contrary , his majesty 's present government was stigmatised by the amendment , which accused them of manifest misconduct . He adverted to what had been said respecting the difference of one or two words in the speech which were in fact clerical errors , and not originally intended . No part of the speech called for a parliamentary approbation of the recent measure of dissolution . He was free to say , that it was undoubtedly the right of that house , when they thought such proceedings went upon constitutional grounds , to impute blame to those ministers who advised the act of dissolving parliament . But no question of that sort arose from the tenor of the speech . But on this head particularly the address meant to arraign the conduct of ministers . In the case of last year , there was no reason whatever , assigned for the measure of dissolution ; though it was the more requisite , as the parliament before the last was dissolved after a proclamation had been actually issued for its meeting on a particular day for the dispatch of business . For the recent case , he only asked of the noble baron to support it on the same principle he had supported the dissolution in 1784 . His lordship then adverted to those measures of the late ministers which more immediately led to the change . And particularly adverting to the ministerial change , he observed , if it were presumed that from the act of taking office , the present had advised the dismissal of the late ministers , then the former were responsible ; but such a conclusion he was not disposed to admit . He concluded by saying , that the measure of the recent dissolution was warranted by the necessity of the case . reprobated the late dissolution additionally for the critical time in which it took place , which aggravated its injurious consequences . His lordship took occasion to advert to the indignity which had been offered to his royal highness the Prince of Wales , in the proceedings on the Scots Peers election , when the annunciation of his proxies were not received in the customary respectful manner . Had he fortunately been there , he should have noticed such a pointed omission in a proper manner : he added , that disrespect could not be shewn to any one branch of the royal family , without at the same time reflecting on the august head of it . defended what he had 607 said in the last session against the dissolution of 1806 ; which , he argued , was called for by no necessity , nor was there any assigned . In the present , ministers proceeded upon great and important grounds . He admitted it was an extraordinary measure of the kind , and that it could be justified only by the special circumstances of the case , by the paramount considerations which would crush all the objections to it , and ministers were prepared to justify it on their responsibility . He expatiated on the primary duty of preserving the constitution of the country in church and state , as by a succession of laws established . He adverted to a publication not long since by a Roman Catholic in Ireland , ( sir John Throckmorton ) in which , among other points which shewed the views and dispositions of a part , at least , of the Roman Catholics of that country , a proposition was broached of the propriety and justice of appointing Catholics and Protestants alternately to the Bishops ' sees in that country . Surely that was enough to induce the British government to pause , and seriously reflect as to its conduct with respect to them . He had a favourable opinion of the Irish ; they were an open-hearted , liberal people , and had his majesty 's late