to end ? Each case would , in fact , be a suit before the committee , for he should propose to do that with regard to the magistrates , which they , under the existing law , declined to do towards the publicans ; that is , he should have the magistrates apprized of any ground of complaint urged against them , and afforded the opportunity of vindicating themselves . What time , then , would such an investigation occupy ! —As to the cases he had adverted to upon this occasion , the right hon . gent . stated that they were but a few out of a large mass , and while gentlemen called for deliberation and delay , he could assure them and the house , that many persons were starving in jail in consequence of the law which he proposed to correct . There was one case in particular into which he believed a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Rose ) had made inquiry , and which he knew was peculiarly oppressive , namely , that of Mrs. Unthank . The case of Mr. John Morris , a respectable man , who had a shop over the way in King Street , furnished the strongest grounds of complaint . This Mr. Morris , for whom , from his own knowledge of him , he could not hesitate to avow the utmost respect , was deprived of his licence by the magistrates , merely because his house was to be taken down in order to make some cox-combical improvements about Westminster Abbey—to shew that building to the members as they came down to the house . But he had communicated the case of Mr. Morris to the Treasury , and he hoped for redress . There was also one with regard to a Mr. 1105 Bignall , of the Broadway Westminster , whose licence was withdrawn by the magistrates , upon grounds which they would not explain , and the poor man finding every effort to procure redress unavailing , absolutely died of a broken heart about a fortnight since leaving a helpless family to deplore his fate . With such facts before him , he did not think it too much to propose this temperate measure . However , as the opinion was so strongly expressed , that if such a bill was necessary , it should be made general , he should acquiesce in the wish for time to inquire into the subject . He hoped and trusted that by the next session , petitions would pour in from all quarters , praying the removal of the existing grievances , and that such petitions would be presented by the highest authority , by that of the county representatives of the respective petitioners . For himself , he should for the present only say , that which was only a repetition of what he had said before , that while he had a seat in that house , he should ever be found an advocate of the weak against the strong , and of the helpless against those who had the power , and , he was sorry to say , too often the will , to oppress them . vindicated the conduct of the commissioners appointed to superintend the improvements alluded to by the right . hon . gent. , from any concern in the transactions respecting Mr. Morris or Mrs. Unthank . For whenever those commissioners thought the removal of any house necessary to their object , they not only paid for the house itself , but , if a shop or place of business , they allowed for the good will also , or any other loss sustained by the proprietors . said , the complaint in the cases he referred to was , that the licence was refused on the ground that it was in contemplation to take down the house for the purpose of the improvement he had mentioned . said , that he had received some papers from the right hon . gent . upon the subject of Mr. Morris 's case , and that an inquiry