would be already evident to his noble friend , that he entirely concurred with ministers as to the indispensable necessity of adopting new and vigorous measures , which the state of affairs , and the feelings of the country demanded at their hands.—He applauded government for its wisdom in persisting in the military system , which they had found shaped to their hands , whatever were their declared opinion of it , and in avoiding the danger of unhinging our whole military 953 establishment by attempting to rescind it . They had done more ; they were not only giving it fair play , but , as he knew , had lately taken some very active steps to give it an accelerated impulse . How far these . were the most judicious that could have been selected for that purpose , he should not stop now to enquire ; he was sure they were well meant , and was confident that they would prove considerably efficient.—He would now come nearer to the question under the immediate consideration of the house : which was a proposition of the noble lord 's to raise 38,000 men , of which 28,000 were to be disposeable force . It might he convenient to the house to look at this principally in three points of view . First , whether its disadvantages might not be greater than any advantages that were likely to accrue from it ? Secondly , whether any advantages at all were to be expected from it , or if any , to what extent ? And thirdly , whether other measures infinitely preferable might not be resorted to , for the attainment of the object in view , winch he had already admitted to be a most important one ? On each of these points , he hoped that the house would indulge him with making observations ; assuring gentlemen , that as he was not in the habit , so he never felt disposed to trespass longer on their patience , than was absolutely necessary to his view of any subject , and that he should abstain , as far as possible , from renewing those arguments which had already been more ably urged , on a previous discussion of this subject.—He would begin with stating , that we had now , according to the last returns , a militia , English , Scots , and Irish , amounting to 77,000 men ; as fine a body of men as the world could exhibit , and as efficient as any that had not actually been engaged in regular service . It would be recollected , that this force did not consist of new levies , of raw recruits , but had now been embodied above four years ; and that therefore , what was of immense importance , a mutual confidence might be supposed to exist between officers and men . They constituted a formidable part of our domestic strength , amounting in fact to very little short of one half of it . This force his noble friend proposed to unsettle ( to use his own expression ) for a time , by allowing the large proportion of 28,000 men to volunteer from it it into the line . Was this sort of gentle concussion all the inconvenience that promised to result from such an attempt ? 954 Was it possible to look back on the mischievous consequences that had ever resulted from those tamperings with our constitutional force , and not tremble at the renewal of them ? Without detaining the house by going back to what had occurred in the war before last , he would only avert to what had passed since the present militia was raised in 1803 . One argument in favour of raising it to such an amount , and one which he hoped would not be hastily lost sight of was , that whilst the necessities of the state were obliging us to increase our regular army to such an extent , it might be prudent that our constitutional force should bear a proper proportion to it . A militia therefore of