precluded by any other cause than the vices inherent in the measure itself . Here , then , the same difficulty recurred as the country had been struggling with for the last 30 or 40 years . If the Parish bill was not fit to continue ; if continuing , it could not produce to the army , at the utmost , more than 9000 men a year ; if the recruiting , for a long time declining , was now further reduced by the effect of these very measures , something must be done , not so much to augment the army , as to prevent its going down , and to supply the number of men by which it must annually be diminished . The same necessity which existed for supplying the place of the Army of Reserve-bill , existed now for supplying the place of the Parish bill , or for making good at least what would have been wanting to that bill , had it been possible that it should have continued , and had it produced the whole of the 9000 men , which alone it was capable of producing . To say the truth , none of the measures that had been successively tried , down at least to the present time , had been rejected in consequence of any idle desire of change , and still less of any mean and envious spirit of jealousy on the part of persons newly succeeding to the government , and following those of whom they were the opponents and rivals . In fact , the measures were 891 most of them changed without any change of ministry , and by the very same persons who had brought them in . They were changed , either because they were found impracticable or objectionable , or because , being of a temporary nature , their continuance became useless after a certain time . On one or other of these grounds was a stop put to the several augmentations of the militia proposed in 1796 , 1797 , and 1802 . In part the measures were found to be impracticable ; in part they were rendered no longer desirable by incidents which had happened in the mean time . The Quota bill and Provisional Cavalry bill passed away without any enquiry as to the cause of their decrease , and certainly without any lamentation for their loss . These two , any more than the others , were no sacrifice to party rivalry ; they died in the life-time of their parents , and were by them quietly conveyed to the family vault , without the least suspicion of their having come by their death , through any undue means . In like manner , the last of the Militia Augmentation bills which he had mentioned , that , namely , of 1802 , was superseded by the authors themselves , who , finding the measure impracticable in its first form , ( the price of a substitute having soon risen above the amount of the penalty , ) and not likely to prove effectual , even after all the additional rigour of making the fine cumulative , had recourse to the measure of the Army of Reserve , being in fact a militia of something of a different from with something more of effect , but at the same time with more of severity . He had already observed , that no charge could be brought against those by whom this measure was superseded ; if any supersession could in fact be said to have taken place , where the measure in question had ended itself . The same was true of the ministry of last year , with respect to the Parish bill . That measure had not indeed , like most of the others , ended itself : it was not even clear , that the numbers to be raised by it , though at the expence always of the regular recruiting , might not for a time have gone on increasing : but it was demonstrable that it could not finally have answered its purpose