to any one else ? The thirty acres for the military works , had nothing whatever to do With the Barrack Office agreement as to the house and 20 acres . The furniture for such a house was worth a good round sum . This estate was worth above £11,000 , and had a suitable house . For this £400 a year was no adequate compensation . He wished that the value of the furniture of the house could be ascertained , or to what sum the fair annual valuation would have amounted ; and he also wished to know , what gentleman who heard him , having such a house , so furnished , would have considered £400 a year an equivalent . He appealed to those who had known him for many years , whether , in his conduct , he had evinced any thing which could induce them to believe him capable of a transaction , such as this had been described to be . His estate in Essex had been granted to his ancestors by Henry VIII . He repeated 678 the question , was £400 a year a compensation ? He had been told that the Grand Junction Canal had to go through lord Essex 's Park , and he would be contented with one-fourth of the compensation from government that lord Essex received from private individuals . The noble lord over the way ( lord Howick ) had hinted , that he was unfit to sit on the Committee of Finance , on account of the facts that were stated in the Report . This was certainly premature decision . The Military Commissioners themselves had said that no imputation rested on him . They only said that the Barrack Board had made a negligent bargain for the public ; at all events , he would not be a moment longer in possession of this lease , and he in treated of his majesty 's ministers to have a fresh jury impannelled . He wished to justify himself , and would answer any questions that should be put to him , either at the Bar of the House , in his place , or in a Court of Justice . As he had spoken from memory , some subordinate points might not be accurately stated , but the substance was correct . He concluded by moving for the production of a Memorial which he had that day given in to the Commissioners of Military Inquiry . seconded the motion . He rose , . he said , in consequence of the calumnies that had been circulated against , him , which he regarded less on his own account than on account of his hon . friend . Indeed , they would have been unworthy of notice if they had not been echoed by the noble lord over the way ( lord Howick ) .He seemed to have looked at the newspaper report rather than at the Report of the commissioners . His name had not occurred in the Report , except where it was found at the bottom of one letter on this subject . He had been told that the age of insinuation was past , but if it was so , he was very unfortunate , for no one had met with more insinuations . He hoped the practice of making insinuations on account of private friendships , would be done away . He had no concern with the origin of the business , and yet he was accused of giving 630l . for repairs instead of the estimated 250l . and that because he had not chosen to deny a charge in the newspaper , but had waited for the meeting of that house . The business came to his notice officially in 1805 , and the reason was , that by a late regulation no issue could be made for the Barrack-Board above 500l . without a communication to the Treasury ; and the application was not mis- 679 understood , nor passed over with out attention , as had been said . The object at that time was not the