collection of manuscripts would be a most valuable addition ; but that the funds of the petitioners being insufficient for the common annual expenditure of the Museum without the accustomed aid of parliament , they are unable to provide for the purchase of the said collection of manuscripts ; and therefore praying the house to take the matter into consideration , and to adopt such measures as to the house shall seem fit , for ascertaining the public importance of adding the Lansdown collection of manuscripts to those already lodged in the British museum , and also the value of such collection ; and further to act therein as to , the House shall seem meet.—Mr . Bankes , with a view to shew the progress that had been made towards rendering the British Museum useful in the degree that it ought to be to the public , moved , that there be laid before the house copies of all the Regulations adopted for the better preservation of the different collections , and for rendering them more accessible to artists and others ; 669 and also , an account of the number of persons admitted to see the Museum , since the year 1805 , distinguishing the year , month , & c. Ordered.— The house , on the motion of lord Castlereagh , went into a committee on his majesty 's message , and resolved , nem . con. , that a sum of 1000l . per , annum be granted to his majesty out of the Consolidated Fund , to be settled , during his natural life , on general sir John Stuart . The house then resumed , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow.—Petitions were presented , complaining of the late elections for Evesham and Downpatrick , which were severally fixed fir consideration on the 21st of July . On the motion of Mr. Bankes , the resolution of the 24th of March last against granting Offices in reversion , was read , and leave was given to bring in a bill , similar to that pending when the late parliament was dissolved , for carrying the resolution into a law . took this opportunity of stating , that in the bill introduced by him in the last session , for abolishing certain useless offices , and for the better Regulation of other offices in Ireland , one had been omitted , which he had since found ought to have been included . He meant the office of Surveyor and Inspector of the River Ken mare ; an office created a few years since , and granted to Sir Boyle Roche and J. Aylmer , esq . with benefit of survivorship . There was no Surveyor or Inspector , of the same description , for any other river in Ireland : it was quite a sinecure , with a salary of £300 a year , It had been , he knew not how , omitted in the Report of the Commissioners of Inquiry in Ireland , and therefore omitted in the bill brought in by him on that report . said , that the river Kenmare lay principally in the county he had the honour to represent . Its course was forty miles long , and above five or six broad , with numberless creeks , and without a single Revenue Office in its vicinity to controul the smuggling exercised upon it , till this office had been created . The smuggling had , shortly after the appointment , been greatly reduced . was aware of the smuggling upon the river Kenmare ; but that was a stronger reason for suppressing a useless sinecure , and substituting an active prevention . explained . He meant that some inspection was necessary , The smug- 670 gling was not now so considerable as it had been before the creation of this office . said this office appeared , from what had been said , to be one of those that ought to be regulated , rather than suppressed . It was , however , subject to the disposal of parliament , as the vacancy created by