entry by voluntarily admitting the officer , should be termed by any gentleman in that house an attempt to fritter away the bill . It was a clause not so much of relaxation as of common justice . explained , and said that there was another objection to such precise mention of the time , that unless there was moonlight , or that the bailiffs had lights and matches , it could not be ascertained . said , that another objection was , that the majority of such officers were not individually worth a watch . ridiculed such objections , and contended that the `` ten minutes '' should be distinctly specified . had no objection to the amendment , provided the words `` a reasonable time '' were put for the words `` ten minutes , '' for if an entire village was to he searched , ten minutes waiting at the door of every house in that village would be an unconscionable length of time ; he proposed , therefore , the substitution of the words `` a reasonable time . '' acquiesced in the substitution proposed by the right hon . gentleman . commented forcibly on the vagueness of the terms suggested by the chancellor of the 913 exchequer , and expressed their surprise that the hon . gent . with whom the amendment had originated , could be so readily induced to give up the principal point in it . instanced the definite time expressly limited in the riot act , and thought the present case as more deeply involving the rights of the subject , than the dispersion of a lawless mob by force of arms ; he thought the hon . gent . ( Mr. Croker ) had been indeed hasty in giving way to certain authorities . said , in justification of himself , that he was but a young member of parliament , and that it was natural for him to bow to authority ; besides , he thought that the right hon . baronet over the way approved of the words `` a reasonable time , '' [ here sir J. Newport expressly signified his dissent ] ; however , he was himself inclined to think the final words `` ten minutes , '' better than those last proposed , though he should not wish to divide the committee upon them . said that the committee were about to invest an extraordinary power somewhere . It ought therefore to be done with caution : but who were the persons to be invested with the power ? perhaps some lawless miscreant , some vagabond , or perhaps the discretion of their `` reasonable time '' , was to be lodged in the bosom of any convenient menial , some postilion , coachman , hostler , or ploughboy , who under the sanction of the law was to judge when it would be a reasonable time for him to rush into the apartment of a female , while she was hastily throwing on her clothes , to open the door to this midnight visitor ; this would give a wound that would be felt long ; it would throw a general odium about the bill . If the character of the bill would be saved , any thing admitting the possibility of such abuse should be sacrificed to it . said , that a stranger who had heard the last twenty minutes conversation , would be apt to suppose that the Irish magistrates had a general propensity to break open doors and burst into ladies ' bed-chambers . He vindicated the Irish magistracy , and said , that he did not speak there as a party-man , but as an Irishman . was convinced , from what came within his own knowledge , of the necessity of great caution in the case now before the committee . He thought it much better to have the time ascertained by law . thought that the 914 committee was arguing wide of the case in point . The question was not about the principle of forcible entry , that was agreed to ; the right of