of independence existed , and the list ought to be laid on the table unmixed with baser matter . with great warmth , said , that the extent of his rewards for public services were well known to the public . He challenged inquiry , and wished that the terms of the present motion might be rendered as satisfactory as possible . then proposed as an amendment ; that a committee should be appointed to investigate the subject , and that it should be an instruction to the committee to examine into all places , pensions , & c. in the words of the original motion , except into commissions and appointments in the army and navy , and into places in the revenue , not exceeding , £200 a year in value . replied shortly to the arguments that had been urged . His motive was not the expectation of great national saving , but because a general feeling existed in the country of the corruption of the house of commons . As to commissions in the army and navy , he knew that the latter had been given for votes in that house ; and it had been found by some , that the best way to obtain preferment was , to buy a house or two in a contested borough : for his part , he was actuated only by a desire to serve his country . The assent to his motion would tend to establish ministers in their situations ; for , though they should secure all the votes in the house , they could not keep their places long against the current of public opinion , which would set against them if they negatived it . The Committee of Finance , had sufficient business already . If , after the committee for which he moved should have made their report as to the members , it should be thought desireable to have an alphabetical list of all places , pensions , & c. he should have no objection . It would be an 739 * object of great curiosity . He thought that the subject should be gravely considered in parliament . He was of opinion , that many would be ashamed of these practices if they were exposed to public view , and therefore he was anxious to give them publicity . declared , that as the noble lord did not wish to depart from his original motion , he would certainly support him . expressed great satisfaction to find , that whatever difference of opinion existed in that house with regard to the form of the motion , there was but one opinion as to the propriety of giving information to the public upon a subject of such vital importance . This general concurrence of sentiment would make a most favourable impression upon the public mind . He objected to referring the matter to the committee of finance , and would vote for the original motion . observed , that the house by referring this matter to the committee , would not interfere with its functions , because the committee would only have to issue their precept for the returns to the public offices , and to lay these returns before the house . He objected to that part of the noble lord 's statement which asserted , that officers in the army and navy acquired promotion by their seats in that house . This charge appeared to have been made lightly , and the best refutation of it would be to refer the noble lord to a comparison between the naval officers who had seats in that house , and those who had gloriously earned their seats in the other house , and he was sure the noble lord would then be convinced , that there was no reason to complain upon this head.—The question being loudly called for , the house divided ; For the Original `` Motion , 61 . Against it , 90 . Majority 29 . List of the Minority . Abercrombie , hon . J. Cuthbert , R. J. Adam , Wm . Cavendish , lord G.