state of Ireland which might render the bill no longer necessary ; and perhaps it ought also to be dreaded , that the Irish government would abuse the power vested in it , in such a manner as to make it doubtful whether more evil or good resulted from suffering such a bill to be continued . Thinking , therefore , that such powers ought to be only granted for one year , he concluded by moving as an amendment , that the words `` one year '' should be inserted instead of `` three , '' as the duration of the bill . thought that it was necessary to say but little , when it was considered how fully both those bills had been already discussed . It would certainly be in the power of parliament to repeal this bill next year , if they thought it necessary ; but he thought unnecessary discussion on this subject might be of an irritating nature , and could not possibly do any good . was rejoiced , that he had at length heard a few words from one of the hon . gentlemen on the other side . When they had before refused to argue the subject , on the ground of their ignorance , he gave them some credit for either modesty or candour . His noble friend had , however , obliged the rt . hon . gent . to say something . These discussions on the state of Ireland might appear to the gentlemen on the other side of the house , as irritating questions ; they however appeared to him questions that ought not to be blinked , but that it was necessary to discuss fairly . He would tell the right hon . gent. , that Ireland ought to be the constant subject of his thoughts , and of discussion in that house . The present bill Was a bill for suspending the liberties and the constitution of Ireland ; and to prevent irritating discussions , as they were called , it was proposed , in the first instance , that the bill should be continued for 3 years . He could not see any argument that could be adduced in favour of continuing the bill for that time , that would not apply as well to the making it eternal . The right hon . gent . had said , that the house could repeal it next year , if they thought proper . This was most undoubtedly true , and so they could have done if the act had been at once made perpetual ; but there was very little reason expect that it would be repealed before 1096 the time fixed for its expiration . If the bill were only annual , then the right hon . gent . must make out some kind of a case next year , before he could again propose it ; but it it passed for 3 years , he would consider himself privileged to continue all that time as ignorant as he now professed himself of the state of Ireland . It was time for the house to take the situation of Ireland seriously into their consideration , as every body knew that the destruction of Ireland , or its occupation by the enemy , would be the downfal of the empire . He concluded by declaring , that he should support the amendment . admitted the necessity of this measure , but thought the period of duration quite another , question , and that parliament ought to show an anxiety to keep as much as possible within the limits of that necessity . He would , therefore , support the amendment , and would strongly advise gentlemen on the other side to accede to it . The right hon . gent . earnestly recommended the adoption of conciliatory measures with regard to Ireland . He deprecated the language which he had heard from a high authority in that house , and in another assembly also , with respect to the Catholics ; for he considered such language extremely rash and imprudent , to say the