then assert , that no material inconvenience would result to the public service . With respect to the influence of the crown , it had been exercised during the last election , in a most unex- 623 ampled manner . In this country to a great degree , but in , the sister kingdom most unblushingly , both in temptation and in threats . In one borough Ireland , a candidate had dared a single elector to vote against him ; and he had been told , that in another popular contest the crown solicitor had gone down , and informed Mr. Grogan , that the forfeiture of his estates would be enforced , unless he and all his tenantry voted for the partisans of government . But there was another mode of influence of public notoriety , which he would mention : it was the letter , dated the 25th of April , from lord Hawkesbury to the lords lieutenants of counties respecting the volunteers . Lord Hawkesbury stated , that it was intended to propose to parliament , to restore their pay to such volunteers as came in after a certain period , and also to re-appoint the inspecting ; field officers ; which last he ( lord Howick ) understood , had since been done . Now , let the house consider the date of this letter . On the 25th of April , the secretary of state declares , that it was intended to propose a Certain measure to parliament . In two days afterwards parliament is prorogued , previous to its immediate dissolution ; so that the noble secretary must have known , that he deprived himself of the power of proposing the measure by advising the dissolution . The restoration of the inspecting field officers was a most objectionable step . He had never met with a single Volunteer officer who did not hold these Inspecting Officers in the utmost contempt : they had no command : they were not even empowered to order the Volunteers to come to be inspected . From the large Staff which was attached to the British army ; consisting of Adjutants , Quarter-Masters , Brigade-Majors , & c. surely some better inspectors might be selected : aye , but then this was an object of great patronage ! Just at the time , of the general election a hundred new offices were to be distributed , and these inspectors of elections , for so they were , in fact , were each to have pay and allowances , making the whole expense to the nation between 37 and 40,000l a year , for no advantage whatever ! This was the little beginning of these mighty enemies to patronage : more pure and unadulterated jobs never existed than these appointments—There were other parts of his majesty 's speech , on the exact purport of which he entertained some doubts , and of which he wished for an explanation . The house was told , `` that his majesty 's endeavours had been most anxiously employed for 624 the purpose of drawing closer the ties by which his majesty is connected with the powers of the continent ; of assisting the efforts of those powers against the ambition and oppression of France ; of forming such engagements as may insure their continued co-operation ; and of establishing that mutual confidence and concert , so essential under any course of events to the restoration of as solid and permanent peace in Europe '' . Certainly he , in common with the rest of his majesty 's late ministers , felt the necessity of cultivating the connexion , and drawing closer the ties by which his majesty was bound to the powers of the continent as far as was consistent with the security of Great Britain . But he wished to ask whether , by this passage in the speech , it was meant to insinuate , that the late government had neglected to do their duty on this subject ? He was more desirous to know this as the subject had been publicly agitated . For his part he declared ,