wished to benefit his country by eliciting the truth from both sides upon these 1047 important subjects . As to lord Grenville every one would allow him to be an able politician , and this he would say of him , that he had disapproved of the Spanish war . The noble lord opposite had said , that after the negotiation hart broken off , an army should have been sent to the support of Prussia : but Prussia was then at war with us , and , after the battle of Auerstadt , the winter season rendered it impossible to send any expedition . Where could men have been then sent to co-operate with the Russians , even after the battle of Eylau , which he still looked upon to have been disastrous for the Russians ? It had been said , that Prussia , by joining the coalition before the battle of Austerlitz , might have turned the scale , which he did not think would have been the case , but she neglected that opportunity , and had brought herself into her present situation , as he had before said , by her insane rashness . Here this country then was without an ally . If the late ministers had brought it into that situation , a charge ought to be brought against them for it , rather than by misrepresentation , to impute blame to them . Even at this late period of the session , he should think the enquiry might be gone into , and he hoped that there would be no objection to the production of all communications with the Prussian government . The right hon . gentlemen opposite , when after the dissolution they had arranged every thing for the election , then turned their attention to the continent . The expeditions they had sent out he wished might prove successful , but he hoped they would not prove an example of that dispersion of the disposeable force of the country , which had been charged upon his right hon . friends . said , that it was no more the duty of the present ministers to bring a charge against their predecessors , that , it was the duty of their predecessors to bring a charge against them . He thought his predecessors wrong , and that they had ruined the continent . But as the conduct of an existing government might involve the country in disaster , if the gentlemen opposite thought them wrong they ought to bring a charge against them . to clear himself from some misrepresentations of the right honourable secretary of state . He liked his ingenuity and eloquence very well ; but did not think his arguments the most respectable . He imputed opinions and assertions to gentlemen , that he might 1048 answer them himself , by which means he had always enough to say . A man might very easily be affluent who coined his own money . There was no want of words , where he had a manufactory of epithets . The right hon . gent . went on briskly , for the rode very light , and carried no weight.— He then shewed the difference between the system of the last ministers , as to contmental affairs , and that which was imputed to them . They had not seen any proper opportunity for a diversion , or they would have made it . They had made no promise and neglected it . After various explanatory remarks , he begged gentlemen to prefer their charges fairly and seriously , and he would Meet them . He requested the house to mark the right hon . secretary 's receipt for making speeches . He put all sorts of ridiculous things into the mouths of his political opponents , that he might wake out his speech , by answering them . He made them something like a second person , in a dialogue , who was made to talk a good deal of nonsense , to set off his opponent in the argument . But though he liked eloquence very well ,