people of this country , which , during the late election , had declared itself in their favour , and patiently wait for the wiser measures of other men . That stationary situation which the right hon . gent . had recommended , seemed the worst policy . It was perhaps even worse than going , back , and re-enacting those penal statutes , which had long been abrogated . Whatever explanation the right hon . gent . might put upon the doctrine respecting the Coronation Oath , yet this doctrine had been diligently propagated in pamphlets and sermons , and it had been said that it was positively inconsistent with his majesty 's Coronation Oath that any further concessions , should be granted to the catholics . The propriety of the late dissolution of parliament was the great question on the present occasion , and on other topics that had been introduced he would not now enter . Ministers seemed to have adopted the doctrine , that it was necessary to form a parliament that was likely to support them , and for , this purpose they had taken a moment when they thought the people would be rendered furious by religious zeal—this was their chosen period . But he trusted that the doctrine which he had mentioned would be as much scouted and discountenanced by parliament , as the cry of `` No Popery '' had been by the bulk of the people.—One word , as to the present situation and prospects of the country . The present state of Europe might justly be regarded as a dead calm , such as usually preceded some terrible hurricane . Should Bonaparte be able to subdue the rest of Europe , as was too probable , his whole attention and efforts would then be directed against this country . We were therefore placed in a situation which required all the talents of the country ( A laugh ) . He had not used the expression unthinkingly ; he had done it on purpose , and he would again repeat , that the situation of the country demanded the exertion of All its Talents and energies , and perhaps even the combined talents of the country would not be sufficient to rescue it from destruction , if its resources should for any length of time 641 be placed under the direction of the present ministers . spoke in justification of the change of ministers . The late ministers had brought his majesty before his late parliament to answer for that change , and a great portion of that parliament , though very far from a majority , having taken part against his majesty , an appeal to the people to decide between his majesty and his late ministers , was rendered absolutely necessary . The people had proved true to the call , and he hoped the house of commons would acquit itself duly and honourably to the crown and to the people . He had supported the late ministers from a high opinion of their talents ; he however condemned them for attempting to force themselves on the crown , by compelling the crown to dismiss them . Oh ! sublime patriotism , ending in political suicide , and confessed self-murder of their body politic ! to vindicate his character from the aspersions which the noble lord ( Howick ) had cast upon it . The noble lord ought in justice to have communicated to him his intention of countenancing the scandalous libels uttered against him and his hon . friend ( Mr. S. Bourne ) in the newspapers . Without such notice it was not handsome to mention them seriously in the house . He gave notice , as it had been already his intention to do this night , that on Monday he would submit to the house the whole of the circumstances of the transaction alluded to between him and the government . The result of the inquiry would shew , that there was no foundation for the scandalous insinuations uttered against them . said that he was not a little surprised to hear the noble lord