the empire , while you are hurrying through the house Insurrection acts against the most vital part of the empire . The Irish Catholic is excluded from your militia [ a loud cry of no ! no ! from the ministerial benches ] . I do not say that he may not enter into your militia regiments ; but I do say that the obstacles you have put in his way amount to a comparative exclusion . I have now but one observation to make , and that is , to express my earnest hope that his majesty 's ministers do not think so desperately of our situation , as not to be willing and anxious on all occasions to embrace the first opportunity of accepting any overtures that may offer for peace with the emperor of France . There never was , I believe , in the history of empires , an epoch in which peace was not the most desireable object , in which it was not wise to try for it , and madness wantonly to evade it ; in saying thus much ; I hope I shall not be understood as wishing to listen to any accommodation that could compromise the dignity of this great empire . The wish next my heart has always been a peace with France ; and I have always deprecated the war of words I have heard too often within these walls , directed against an enemy who is not by words to be resisted . Mr. Pitt always prefaced the statements of any new plan of defence or taxation which he had to propose , with inflated accounts of the pride and arrogance , the relentless hatred and jealousy of a cruel and implacable foe ; —all this being abuse , amounting to nothing more than that Buonaparte was a formidable enemy , and that if you did not kill him , he would kill yon . As yet , however , such predictions have been generally falsified . When Buonaparte came down to his menaced shores , he said that it was the only thing left him to try , and that though the chances were 100 to one against him , he would be obliged to try it . He now will have the means of trial . We , I am confident , shall not be deficient on our part . In such an extremity I shall not fear the issue ; but , at the same time , I shall live in hope of what may be more conducive to our happiness—an honourable peace between the two nations . said , he thought the arguments of the hon . gent . who had just sat down most extraordinary , for he had admitted that the common enemy of this country had conquered the whole of the continent of Europe , and that he was 948 now about to concentrate and direct his whole attention to the attack of this country ; and yet he had strennously contended that there was no urgency which called on the house and on ministers to adopt the measure now proposed for the defence of the country . He begged the house would recollect that his majesty 's present ministers had been called on by several members of that house to know if they did not mean to bring forward some measure to this effect ; and he had been informed just now , for he happened not to be in the house on the day on which it happened , that the hon . gent . who spoke last had been of the number of those who put that question . He , for one of those ministers , would say , that such a measure had been under their serious consideration from the first moment they came into office ; but they had been desirous not to act with any degree of precipitation ; first , because they wished to see what effects might result from the plan of the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Windham ) , and to convince him and the public that