, that unless the noble lord opposite ( Folkestone ) should be prepared to bring forward the Carnatic question in a fortnight after the commencement of the next session of parliament , he would himself call the attention of the house to that subject . He should now only move for copies of the instructions given by the Bengal government to major Bannerman in 1799 , for the regulation of his conduct towards the Polygars , and also several other papers connected with the same subject . had no objection to the production of the papers , but entered his protest against any inference of criminality in any one in the measure of disarming the Polygars , which had been rendered indispensably necessary by the disorders these Polygars were eternally committing . He should himself move for further papers , with a view to place the whole subject in a fair light . entered his protest against the prevailing practice of moving for papers with a view to crimination , without any ground whatsoever to induce a presumption that there had been criminality . said , he should be ready , early in the next session , to proceed to the discussion and decision of the Oude question . rose to state , that nothing could be more erroneous than to suppose that the late unfortunate affair at Vellore arose from a system , or a design to interfere , in any manner , with any of the habits of the natives . There was no such design at home or abroad ; and though such an idea had for some time been prevalent here , he could assure the house , from a particular perusal of the papers relating to the transaction , that there was no ground whatever for the opinion . The principal motive of the authors of that lamentable 853 transaction , seemed to be a wish to restore the sons of Tippoo Sultaun to the throne of their father . entered into an historical detail of the proceedings with respect to the Polygars , which he defended . vindicated not only the court of directors , but the government of Madras , from the charge of interfering with the habits and prejudices of the natives of India.—After a few observations from sir A. Wellesley , the papers were ordered ; and also several other papers moved for by Mr. Dundas . On the motion of Mr. Whitbread , the house went into a committee on the Parochial Schools bill . said , that understanding from the hon . gent . that that was the stage for proposing any clauses that might be deemed necessary , he rose for the purpose of submitting a clause to the committee . His great objection to the bill in its present form was the mode of carrying into effect the relief proposed , namely , by compulsion . He disapproved entirely of compulsion ; in its present form , the bill was not to be fitted to the parish , but the parish to the bill , and this he thought would be in general impracticable : besides , if compulsory , it might considerably check the spontaneous charity of many individuals : another objection was , that it was teaching the persons relieved that they might claim as a right that relief which they ought to be taught to look upon as a favour . He was not at all anxious that any of these bills should pass into a law this session . The public were anxious to give their opinion upon them , and , as far as he could learn , that opinion was against them , for certainly he had heard of many petitions against the bill , and not one in favour of it . The clause he had to propose was , that it be lawful for the Churchwardens , parish officers , & c. to hold vestries in their respective parishes , for the purpose of taking into consideration the best means of establishing a school or schools , under the direction of fit persons , to be by them appointed