that he should on Monday move , that the papers relative to the Affairs of India , commonly called the Oude Papers , be re-printed.—Mr . Lethbridge presented a Petition from Mr. Palmer of the Post Office , praying for public money , as a remuneration for his services . The petition , and also the proceedings of the committee to whom the matter had been referred in the year 1797 , were ordered to be printed ; and the hon . member gave notice , that he should on Tuesday move for the house to go into a Committee , to take the same into consideration.—Sir S. Romilly presented a petition from 130 persons confined for debt in the King 's Bench Prison , 54 of whom were charged in execution , and the remaining 76 on mesne process . They were ready , he said , to give up all their property to their creditors , who refused to consent to their being set at liberty on such terms : 112 of the number had families dependant upon them for support , and the number of their children amounted to 347 . The petition prayed for revision of the laws of debtor and creditor . It was his wish not to have presented this petition , because it had been said in another place , that he had it in contemplation to bring in a bill to alter and amend these laws , when , in fact , he had no Such intention . The reason why he did not bring forward such a measure was , that he had not been able to discover any effectual remedy for the very great evil complained of . However , as the petitioners were desirous that he should present their petition to the house , he thought it his duty to comply with their request , though he should nut follow it up with any motion , 660 except that it should lie on the table . He had presented the petition on the earliest opportunity , in order that , if the business should be taken up by parliament , gentlemen might have the most ample time possible afforded for directing their attention to the subject . The petition was then brought up , and ordered to lie on the table.—Lord Howick thought it necessary , in order to judge of the nature of the resolution to be proposed by the chancellor of the exchequer on Monday next , relative to Private Bills , that the house should be in possession of information respecting the actual state of the private business at the late dissolution . As he did not suppose there could be any objection to the production of the information he required upon this head , he should move , `` That there be laid before the house , an account of all the Private Bills , which were in their progress through that house on the 27th of April last , specifying the stages to which they had severally arrived ; and of all the Private Bills , that had passed , but had not received the royal assent . '' Ordered.—Lord Howick adverting to the statement made on the preceding evening by the chancellor of the exchequer , relative to the conduct of government in having acted upon the provisions of the American Treaty bill , after that bill had expired , thought that the house should be made acquainted with the extent to which such provisions had been acted upon without the authority of law . This information would be necessary previous to the discussion of the bill of indemnity , which the right hon . gent . proposed to bring forward . He did not imagine there could be any objection to the production of Copies of all Orders from the different Public Offices , since the 27th of April , for the Collection of Duties not authorized by law . The Chancellor of the Exchequer did not apprehend that there was any other order , but the Order of Council , dated the 27th of May , for continuing the regulations of