not an interest in every thing connected with that country , he was really at a loss to find out who had . He disapproved , too , of the 1210 manner in which his right hon . friend upon his right ( Mr. Sheridan ) had thrown out his objections with respect to the state of Ireland . In exciting Ireland to discontent , he was afraid it was spurring a willing horse , though he did not wish at the same time to have it understood , that he thought the conciliatory effort of his right hon . friend in making the motion he had submitted to the house , like the sly horseman ; who , While his off-heel , insidiously aside , Provokes the caper which he seems to chide , he did not mean to insinuate that ; but he should certainly be very cautious how far he would hold out to a people promises of relief , when there were no means of relief in his power . The attempt of the late ministers had been defeated , and in a manner that left no room for hope . It was one thing to talk of relief to the great mass of a population , but it was a different thing to administer it . He acceded most cordially to the principle , that that house should not lose sight of Ireland . It was the out-post , and an out-post that endangered in its loss the safety of the place itself . He was convinced that their union was essential to the very existence of Great Britain . Ireland was the most vulnerable , and at the same time the most mortal part of the empire . He did not much like tampering with her . It was like the abrupt removal of bandages : the bad handling of the bandages might do a great deal of unintentional mischief by giving rise to a considerable portion of irritation . As to the specific object of the motion now before the house , he did not know well how to refuse his assent to it : he should hope that the pledge was unnecessary , but nevertheless , when required of him , he did not think he could consistently refuse it . He was willing to pledge himself along with the house , that the state of Ireland should have their early and most grave consideration ; for he felt that such a pledge was due to the discontents existing in that ill-treated country . He earnestly hoped that the house would , in the present instance , have no objection to pledge itself to do what was acknowledged upon all sides to be its duty , and a duty of the first magnitude . felt peculiar regret at being obliged to differ , in the slightest degree , from his right honourable friends , as he hoped his sincere admiration for the talents and character of both would allow 1211 him the privilege of calling them , ( messrs. Grattan and Windham ) ; but he could not forbear expressing his dissent from some of the points they had respectively urged , in justification of the two bills which had lately passed that house , the grounds of which , it was the object of his honourable friend 's motion to bring under the future revision of parliament : he felt indeed more imperiously bound to attempt some explanation of his sentiments , as one honourable gentleman ( Mr. Grattan ) had rested a main part of his argument on the circumstance of the persons who composed the late administration of Ireland having adopted a similar measure.—For that government , in all its parts , it would be easily believed , no person could possibly entertain a higher respect than himself ; to the noble duke who had been at the head of it he was bound by every tie that could attach man to man , not only by the nearest consanguinity and the most affectionate intimacy , which had subsisted between them from their earliest infancy , but also from