gratitude . He should vote against the motion , because it implied a dereliction of duty on their parts , and a censure upon acts of the legislature , the ne- 1212 * cessity for which had been admitted on all hands . observed , that it was by the adoption of such plans as had been suggested by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Grattan ) , that the people of Ireland were to be gained over . He could not support the motion in its present shape ; but , if the right hon . mover would consent to leave out all after the word `` session , '' he should then vote for it . was surprized at the indiscretion of the right hon . mover ; for to represent Ireland as treated worse than a conquered country , and as having neither arms to fight with , nor any thing to fight for , and as oppressed or neglected by the legislature , contrary to the fact , tended to irritate that country , and to promote disunion between the united kingdoms . He was also surprized , that the right hon . gent . should represent the acts of a legislature , that was distinguished by cosmopolitan beneficence , as the evil of which Ireland had to complain . So far from being a suspension of the constitution , these acts were but the exercise of it . To call forth the powers given by the constitution for the protection of the peaceable and loyal subjects , was but to put the constitution in force . He was happy that the example of the right hon . gent . had not been followed by the other right hon . gent . who spoke from the same bench , and had pointed out certain measures for the relief of Ireland . As to the measures respecting education , he entirely agreed with that right hon . gent . ; and as to a composition for tithes , if that should be necessary , he would not oppose it , provided that composition were to be progressive with the times , and as well secured as tithes were in this country to the clergy . As to the question of emancipation , his difficulty was , that the principles of the religion would , in the event of the Catholics getting power , be dangerous to the Protestant ascendancy . He thought that all governments , from which concessions or boons were demanded , should secure a due obedience to the laws before granting them , lest they should be received as proceeding from weakness , and not from wisdom and benevolence , and thus excite contempt instead of gratitude . He should vote against the motion , because it implied a dereliction of duty on their parts , and a censure upon acts of the legislature , the necessity for which had been admitted on all sides . rose amidst cries of `` question , '' and expressed his hope that the house would indulge him with the privilege usually granted to persons who brought forward a motion , and hear his reply to such arguments as seemed to him peculiarly to call for attention . Of this privilege he would not avail himself at any length . First , then , he should have no objection whatever to alter his motion in the manner proposed ; and , indeed , to any alteration that did not destroy the substance of his motion , he had already pledged himself to agree— [ The Speaker here interrupted the right hon . gent . and informed him , that consistently with the resolution of 1778 , and the usages of the house , there could be no alteration in the motion after the previous question had been put ] .—Mr . Sheridan , in continuation observed , that in that case he had no doubt the right hon . gent . opposite would withdraw his motion , in compliance with the general wish of the house . He wished to have his answer . [ No