always been his wish to allow any measures that might be adopted by parliament a fair trial , and it was on that principle he acted , when he had proposed to give the late Defence act an opportunity of fair trial . With respect to the plan of the right hon . gent . opposite , however , he was bound to state that it did not appear to him efficacious , and might be dangerous . That plan , he admitted , might be adequate to keep up the numbers of the army , if once the army was raised to the establishment voted by parliament , and he had said the same of the measure of the right hon . gent . now no more ( Mr. Pitt ) . But though he admitted this , the measure would not answer his purpose . The system , he allowed , had produced something more than the ordinary recruiting , and the Parish bill . But the noble lord had stated , that the deficiency of the army , from the establishment voted by parliament , amounted to between 52 and 30 thousand ; the casualties amounted to 13,000 ; so that the number to be raised within 12 months , in order to answer the purpose he had in view , would be 38,000 . He had also another objection to the present system , arising out of the alteration of the terms of service . The system might for that reason produce more men , but fewer soldiers . British soldiers should be military men , sui generis . They were often engaged against twice their number of enemies , and under disadvantages of situation and circumstances , of debarkation and embarkation ; they must therefore be real soldiers , and British troops had always proved themselves to be of that description . If our brave but unfortunate countrymen in Egypt , where the efforts of every individual was necessary to repel the superiority of numbers that assailed them , had not been troops of that character , it would have been impossible to save the remains of that army . He did not concur in the objection to the ballot , because it would interfere with the system of the right hon . gent . This measure was to furnish 38,000 men to the army , and he could not see any reasonable objection to it on the ground of its 877 interfering with a part of the supply under the present system . They could not apply the conscription which had enabled France to overrun the continent to this country . But the ballot was applicable , both because it was necessary , and conformable to the practice of the constitution ; but he could not assent to its application as proposed by his noble friend . By the papers upon the table , it appeared that the regular force at present in Great Britain and Ireland , was 25,000 less than when he went out of office , a period when so much was said about the necessity of augmenting that description of the national force . Upon this subject the house , he thought , ought to have some explanation . Though no person ought lightly to make a charge upon ministers for their distribution of the public force , yet when he considered how that force had been last year distributed , or rather scattered , he could not avoid saying , that the matter ought to be explained . A considerable force had been sent to South America , and though he should not say any thing of the merits of the first expedition to that country , because an hon . officer , a friend of his , had been tried for having undertaken it , he was ready to admit , that it was advisable to support the force that achieved the original conquest . But he wished to know from the right hon . gent . opposite , ( Mr. Windham , ) why , after the battle of Jena , so large a force as 5,000