nobleman well enough , to be certain that he has no disposition to cruelty—that he has no malignant passion to gratify , and that he is above being affected by that gloomy suspicion , or party rancour , which might unnecessarily call for the execution , and materially embitter the operation of such power as these acts ordain . I have no doubt that this nobleman will follow the wise example—will he actuated by the same liberal principles which served to render his illustrious predecessor so much the object of panegyric and attachment . I should not , therefore , be very materially influenced as to a comparison of persons in power , as to my opinion the very unconstitutional powers which 1187 characterize these bills . I am adverse to the principle of such measures , and could never be persuaded to accede to them , unless the necessity were strong and glaring indeed.—Upon Monday last I had an opportunity of shewing my motion to several gentlemen on both sides of the house , and had the satisfaction of observing a general disposition to concur in its principle and object . But some gentlemen expressing a wish for time to consider its structure and tendency , I was therefore for postponing the motion until this day , influenced by the request of those who required such time , in the hope that consideration would serve to remove their doubts and secure their support . In this opinion at least , I acquiesced in the proposed delay , hoping that the effect of it would be to produce the proposition perhaps of some remedy for any defect in the motion , and that delay and deliberation must determine every man in favour of its main object . Retaining still a little of that hope and opinion , I do not think it necessary to take up much of your time , by entering into a detail of the reasons which have induced me to bring forward the motion , and which should urge you to adopt it . Indeed , I can not conceive a ground upon which the rejection of such a motion can be justified , and I am not bound to conjure up objections or anticipate arguments , upon the strength of which no reasoning man can rely . It is impossible that any thinking man should seriously insist upon as an objection to my motion , that which I have heard on other occasions , namely , that danger was to be apprehended from the discussion of such affairs in this house ; that it is a topic which ought to be touched as little and as seldom as possible . But I deprecate such a ground of opposition , as full of error and mischief . For , assuredly , until we get completely rid of the folly and fallacy of such an objection , it will be quite impossible for us to apply a remedy to the disorders of that country , and for this obvious reason , that we can not know the nature of those disorders . What ! that we should go on legislating for Ireland in the dark—that we should reject light and information upon a subject to which we are called upon to apply the law—and that law too most penal and severe in its character ! —When I hear ministers of the crown declaring without shame , that they know nothing of the state of Ireland—when I hear the same declaration 1188 from the law-officers , when , in fact , no man can speak decisively upon the subject , is it possible , I would ask , to devise a stronger argument than such declared , ignorance suggests , to urge the united parliament to an investigation of this important question ? It is not consistent with even the decent appearance of respect for the rights , interests , and liberties of the people of Ireland to legislate for that country in such total ignorance , or at least such inconsistent contradictory information as we have before us . We have heard one set of gentlemen assert