indemnity was claimed . The amendment was negatived in the committee , but lord Holland moved it again on the report , with the view that it might be entered on the journals of the house . It was then negatived also , and the bill was reported without any amendment . On the motion that this bill be read a second time , rose . He expected that some noble lord in administration would have stated the grounds on which the bill ought to proceed . However , as that had not been done , he should briefly state the reasons which induced him to approve of the measure . These were chiefly the obvious interests of the united states of America and this country to cultivate a good understanding and friendship ; they had more interests in common than any two countries in the world . In every friendly intercourse between two countries , there was , in his 807 opinion , always a mutual advantage : but this reciprocity of interest was most remarkable , as it existed between the united states of America and Great Britain . In the present eventful crisis , a good understanding between the two countries must be important , not only to themselves , but to all independent nations , and this the enlightened government of the United States could not but perceive . In different parts of Europe , in which it had been his lot to travel , he had often heard it asserted , that it was not likely the United States could preserve their present independent government . He was of a very different opinion . The republican institutions of America , like those of every government in which a true spirit of freedom prevailed , contained energies which were capable of being called forth to meet any difficult crisis that might occur , and all that he had heard urged on this subject , appeared to him to result from the prejudices of persons educated under arbitrary monarchies . Nothing therefore could appear to him worse policy than to wish to see any thing like disunion among the people of the United States . Indeed , the more powerful and the more wealthy they became , the better would it be for this country . As they become more populous , the customers for our manufactures would become more numerous , and increase of riches would only give them increased means of consumption . Entertaining these views , he was extremely happy to find that the present administration had , in their policy towards America , thought proper to follow the steps of their predecessors , though a different conduct was to have been expected from them , in consequence of the language they had held when in opposition . had not thought it necessary to address their lordships in support of this bill , as it was precisely the same as the act which had passed last year and the year before . He contended , that administration acted with no inconsistency in taking up measures as they had been left by the preceding government , though their view of the subject might have been different before they came ino office . With regard to the policy to be pursued towards America , he and his colleagues had , from the moment they took upon themselves the charge of the government , resolved to pursue the system which had devolved to them from their predecessors , unless new circumstances should arise to induce them to depart from it . argued on the same side , 808 in support of the consistency of the present ministers in this respect , and contrasted their conduct , when in opposition , with that of the noble lords now in opposition to his majesty 's government . contended , that nothing could be more widely different than the conduct of his friends , when in opposition , from that of the noble lords opposite to him , when they opposed the late administration . With smooth and gentle tongues they professed a readiness to support that government , but