. Was the order of council a measure of political necessity , which it would have been criminal in ministers not to advise his majesty to adopt ? He thought it was . At the same time , it was perfectly fair in those who disapproved of the dissolution , to tell ministers that they had put themselves into a situation , in which they were compelled to break the law , and that therefore they must abide by the consequences of their ill advice to his majesty to dissolve parliament . Every faculty and energy of the country ought to be called forth in this momentous crisis ; but nothing could give him greater alarm than to see such concessions granted to the Catholics as seemed to be recommended by his noble friend who had just sat down . He contended that it was untrue to say we were a divided people . He had opposed the catholic measure , because he thought it pregnant with the utmost danger to the constitution ; for , differing completely from his noble 787 friend on this subject , he owned that he had always understood that Protestantism and civil liberty were as inseparable as popery and civil liberty were incompatible . This country must have an established church , if it wished to preserve religion and morals ; and what church was preferable to the Protestant ? was adverse to any further concessions to the Irish Catholics , not so much . on account of the objection he entertained against the Catholic religion , as because there were certain political opinions which these Catholics held to be religious . These opinions they adopted in consequence . of their alliance with a falling poliatical party in Ireland , and to the influence of that party might he attributed all the disturbances which had so long agitated Ireland , and also all the difficulties which stood in the way of a complete conciliation of the Catholics . Between the Catholics of Ireland and those of this country , there did , the noble lord observed , exist a material difference is this respect . But he was sorry to perceive that of late years the English Catholics seemed to have adopted too much of the , political character of the Irish Catholics , notwithstanding the prudent and laudable resistance of some of their leaders . As the best means of more closely cementing the connection , between Ireland and this country , the noble lord earnestly recommended the speedy adoption of some measures to strengthen the Protestant establishment in Ireland , which he thought in a very precarious state at present . The difference between the Catholic religion in the two countries he conceived to be this , that in England it was felt to be a tolerated religion , while in Ireland it was the rival of the Established church . in rising at so late an hour , said , that be felt the necessity of apologizing for trespassing upon the patience of the house ; but the unexpected turn . which the debate had taken , and the observations that had been made upon the sentiments he had delivered on a former occasion , rendered it impossible for him to discharge his duty by a silent vote . The subject to which their lord-ships ' attention had principally been directed , had little connection with the real question , viz . `` The Act of Indemnity : '' he should , however , so far advert to it as to declare that , in his opinion , the ministers had made out their case and consequently that the proposed bill should have : his sup- 788 port.—in that part of the noble baron 's ( lord Grenville ) speech , in which he had again brought the subject of Catholic Emancipation under the consideration of the house , with that strength of expression so peculiar to his lordship , he had reprobated the idea , in a free country , of shutting the door against , the against the of any of his majesty 's subjects , and he had