that there were some amongst them who entertained strong feelings , upon the rejection , or rather the withdrawing of the Catholic Bill , but I contend that the great body of Irish people were so far satisfied , as not to be dissatisfied , and that their conduct evinced a great and striking tenacity , of good order , and the love of national peace . The College of Dublin would not address the throne , on the ministerial change which had taken place ; the set of learning would not disgrace itself by lending support to this vulgar and abominable cry of the Church in Danger . They who were well acquainted with the precepts and interests of religion , knew best to defend that religion by a religions dignity and a Christian moderation . They wisely separated an inviolable reverence for their king from an attachment to a despicable court intrigue . The city of Dublin also disbelieved this church alarm , and even the most illiberal , I myself found free from the animosity of religious madness . It was true that the corporation voted an address to the throne ; but though bound to my country by the ties of honours conferred for services performed , and though I can differ from any part of my constituents but with regret , yet I will boldly say , that my own opinions on this subject , are the opinions of 648 my country . I treat with respect the feelings of those who differ from me . I condemn the principle , but do not deprecate the authority . To the people of England I say , that the Irish Catholic never has entertained the opinion that they were hostile to his emancipation . He could not suppose that though you first removed the parliament under the pretext of releasing him from religious disqualifications , you would afterwards declare not only war against that religion , but hostility against his constitutional freedom . Beware of that hostility ; it will be only a division of public interest , and a diminution of national strength . Extend that feeling of sympathy which rejoice to see so strongly exemplified amongst your people . By so doing , you will compensate for the defection of allies , and the failure of expeditions ; you will fortify that great western-barrier , which is best calculated to counterpoise the destruction of the balance of power , and behind which are secured not only your own immediate advantage and security , but the reversionary interests of Europe . Let your ecclesiastics , corporations , statesmen , and great dignitaries , consecrate it . For , unfortunately , should you recur to an unjust and illiberal policy , instead of a manly and enlarged system , you will not only fill up the measure of your own overthrow , accelerate the means of your own subjugation , but actually destroy the hopes of the civilized world , and lose the globe itself . Under these impressions I give my ardent and sincere support to the amendment of my noble friend . declared that he should consider himself guilty of a dereliction of his duty to the great and independent body of freeholders who delegated to him the important trust of representing them , if he suffered a question which , brought the conduct of his majesty 's ministers into consideration to pass without his decided and most unequivocal animadversion . The right hon . chancellor of the exchequer , had cavilled and endeavoured to prove , that the period when himself and his colleagues had dared , to advice his majesty to dissolve the last parliament , was the least likely to interrupt the public business . But the , charge against them was not only the interruption which the public business received by that measure ; it went further ; it arraigned them of postponing that measure , until they had ascertained their strength and then recurring to a dissolution , because they were unable to meet the support of an independent 649 parliament . When unable to new model that parliament