a few observations from the Speaker , the motion was negatived without a division.—Mr . Dent gave notice , that he would to-morrow move for leave to bring in a bill to prevent the feelings of the house from being thus played with . in pursuance of the notice which he had had the honour to give , rose to call the attention of the house to the military measures which his majesty 's ministers had thought it their duty to propose ; a subject at all times important , but perhaps never so important as at the present momentous crisis . It had been to him a subject of considerable uneasiness , that the production of these measures had been somewhat delayed by his own personal indisposition ; but there ware other and more serious causes which had induced government not to be hasty in bringing them forward . His majesty 's ministers could not but feel , on coming into office , that the event of the campaign on the continent which was then opening , whether favourable or disastrous , was likely to present to the observation of parliament , the truest motives for inciting then to exertion—motives much more powerful than any which the statements of government could otherwise produce . He could also assure the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Windham ) , that his majesty 's ministers were anxious that their return to office should not be marked with any undue impatience to subvert the plans of their predecessors . Among the eminent qualities of the right hon . gent . the solicitude to destroy established systems was one , which he owned he was least desirous to emulate . Impressed with these feelings , his majesty 's ministers examined deliberately the military system already in existence . He was prepared to admit , that whatever objections he felt to that system , he also felt considerable difficulty in making a fundamental alteration in it . A comparatively inferior system laid claim to protection , from the circumstance of its being in existence ; and therefore , in what he should offer to the house , the right hon . gent . would not find such a deliberate purpose of alteration as perhaps he expected , or as characterized his own arrival in that department , which he ( lord C. ) had now the honour to fill . Having thus stated the reasons why this subject had not been submitted at an earlier period to the consideration of parliament , he should now feel it 861 his duty to propose to them a measure of great energy , which would put the country to much inconvenience , which would subject it to severe sacrifices , but which was rendered indispensable by the circumstances of the times , and by the measures of the late administration . On this point , he felt relieved from the necessity of entering into a particular and detailed description of this necessity . The present situation of Europe was enough of itself to rouse the public attention . If the late administration allowed , when they were in office , that the military strength of the country was inadequate to its objects , how much more so must it now be , when it was hardly possible to turn our eyes to any quarter in which the interests of Great Britain were not at stake ? If the sphere or action were great , when the right hon . gent . was in power , how much was it extended at the present moment ? We had now to support new principles of policy , and to feed so much larger an army employed on foreign service . In the army at home also , we were called upon either to make a great effort to render the second battalions of our regiments efficient , or with a due regard to economy , to abandon them altogether . He was apprehensive , however , that should they be abandoned , the weakness which marked them , would characterize the first battalions , and that the