the country would be vested in the army . For it is a prerogative of the crown in such cases , to put the country under martial law , and in such cases only can martial law be necessary , particularly if you keep a large force in the country . The prerogative of the crown , then , is fully competent to meet any real danger , without these bills , which are in fact nothing but martial law in masquerade.—As to the plan of arming the people at large , which , it seems , is not to be extended to Ireland—although the principle is so perfectly congenial with the spirit of the British constitution—for it is a part of the king 's prerogative to compel the people to arm in case of invasion or rebellion , I contend that the policy of disarming the Irish is bad , even for the purpose that measure professes to have in view . For a people that are armed are in general , or almost always , more peaceable and less discontented than those who are left defenceless and disarmed . If the king should , under his prerogative , call out the people of Ireland , or the sheriff were to summon the posse comitatûs , in what state , I would ask , are that people likely to be found after the operation of those acts of parliament ? It is , however , pretended that these acts are only to continue for a certain time ; that they only involve a suspension of the constitution , in which the people have a reversionary interest . But I do not know when the suspension is to cease . It began in 1795 , and since then it has continued without interruption , and the lease has just been renewed for three years longer . I am of opinion that a people who can submit so long to such a measure must be tolerably well prepared for slavery . Indeed , it can not be difficult to reconcile them to the loss of freedom . In renewing the loan to government of the Irish constitution , I remember that ministers would not attend to the advice of my right hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) as to the duration of the lease . No ; where his authority suited their view , they adopted it and took shelter under it , but where that authority was against them , they rejected it . But the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer has promised that the constitution shall be restored to Ireland ; I should like to see a receipt and promise of return for a free constitution , from the hand of the right hon . gent . I dare 1195 say , as he is a lawyer , a financier , and a statesman , it would be a curious production running , perhaps , in these terms— '' Where as it has been deemed expedient for the peace and good of Ireland , for good and valuable considerations , to take the constitution of that country into the keeping of the crown : I on the part of the crown do promise and declare that it shall be returned when it is deemed expedient . '' But suppose a project formed to withhold this constitution altogether—suppose it were resolved to establish absolute despotism , such as would justify the resistance of a free people—how is that resistance to be made after the arms of the people have been taken away ? —What ministers ultimately mean to do with respect to Ireland , it is really difficult to divine . They promise , to be sure , to restore the constitution , and to do many other things ; but the people of Ireland know by whom the promise is made . They remember those who promised so much at the time of the Union , and never kept their word in any one point—No , not one . Indeed , their conduct towards Ireland in this respect , puts me in mind of the