dignified manner . He hoped that the other house might by next sessions of parliament , view the subject in a more favourable light , and that then the bill would have a better fate . owed it to his country , to his constituents , and to himself , to declare his full and entire concurrence in the motion of the hon . gent. , and he could not 1167 but express his extreme surprise at the manner in which the bill had been disposed of in the other house . observed , that the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer had now put the question in a different paint of view from that in which it had before been looked at . He gave his support to the present motion in order that the business of reversions might not interfere with the labours of the committee of finance . Now , this appeared certainly to throw some new light upon the subject ; it was to him matter of information , as the silence of his majesty 's present ministers heretofore on this subject would rather have inclined him to believe that they were rather averse to the measure , if it had not been for the words that had been put into the king 's speech , recommending the continuation of the finance committee . Then , with these apparent inconsistencies before them , he would beg leave to bring to the recollection of the house , that the only measure which was recommended by the finance committee to be put into execution , was that which passed that house in the form of a bill , which was afterwards lost the other house . It was reported that at least all his majesty 's ministers who belonged to that house were not present on that occasion , and indeed the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , confessed that he was not certain whether or not he attended all the discussions that took place an that subject . But now that the right hon . gent . did happen to be in his place when the subject was mentioned , he should have thought it would have been more natural for him to have defended the measure on the principle itself , on the same ground that it might be supposed to have been recommended in the speech from the throne . However , at the same time he must declare , that he most cordially agreed with the right hon . gent. , that if there had been any thing like a trick in the business ; if there had been any thing of management in the matter , the noble relation of that right hon . gent . was , of all others , the most improper person to select for giving the measure any kind of secret opposition in another place . But the right hon . gent . considered it to be one of those indifferent , milk-and-water measures that it was hardly worth his attention ; however , to oblige his hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) when he did speak upon it , he gave it a sort of cold support . There was one circumstance , how- 1168 ever , that was to him a matter of extreme surprise , which happened to escape the notice of his hon . friend ( Mr. Ward ) ; it was to him matter of extreme surprise , if it could be possible that the lord chancellor , who delivered the speech in the name of his majesty , in which the labours of the committee of finance were most graciously noticed ; if it were possible that the same lord chancellor could afterwards ever have thought of opposing the first fruits of their labour , which was brought before him in the form of a legislative proceeding . It would also be to him a matter of extraordinary surprise , if he should be told that a noble lord , who could not certainly be a stranger to official proceedings , taking up a paper ,