that it should possess.—Having thus detailed the grounds on which the measure 866 now proposed had been adopted , it became necessary to state the extent of the levy . At the termination of five years service , all men balloted for the militia were entitled to their discharge . The official documents proved , that from December next to the succeeding May , between 5 and 6 thousand of the militia would be so entitled to their discharge , besides the waste produced by other circumstances . He was anxious when the subject of ballot was agitated , to submit to the house the expediency of providing not only a cover for this deficiency and this waste , but also such a number of supernumeraries ( for whom the officers now in the militia would be sufficient ) , as would render any further ballot for two or three years wholly unnecessary ; so that a security would be given to the line , that a continual ballot would not exist in competition with their ordinary recruiting . In looking to the number of men which it would be proper to raise for these purposes , two questions offered themselves for consideration . What number of men could the militia afford to spare ? and what number of men did the army indispensably require to put it in a state of adequate efficiency ; that was , to place every regiment , including the second battalions , on its proper footing ? Having duly weighed these points , his majesty 's ministers proposed that all those men now serving in the militia exceeding three-fifths of the militia establishment in Great Britain , and one half of the militia in Ireland , should be transferred to the line . By this arrangement , about 21,700 men would be gained from the militia of Great Britain , and about 7,000 from the militia of Ireland . It had been thought better to propose to take the excess above three-fifths of the British militia establishment , and the excess above one-half of the Irish militia establishment , rather than to take two-fifths of the British militia and half the Irish militia , because as several of the militia regiments were not completely filled up ; the latter mode would weaken them too much . In one word , by the proposed plan , the British militia would remain at three-fifths , and the Irish militia at one-half of its present establishment . The men to be raised by ballot were , as he before stated , for three objects , to cover the waste in the militia , to supply the deficiencies occasioned by so great a transfer from the militia regiments to the regular army , and to provide a body of supernumeraries large enough to prevent the speedy 867 recurrence of the ballot . To effect these objects , it had been thought better to mention a proportion , rather than a defined number . As the law at present stood , his majesty was empowered to call on the counties to ballot far a supplementary militia , amounting , in Great Britain , to 24,000 men , viz . 20,000 in England , and 4,000 in Scotland . As the number of this supplementary militia was exactly half of the established militia , so it had been deemed advisable to propose that the counties should be called upon for a supplementary militia and a half , making 36,000 men for Great Britain , besides 8,000 for Ireland . Allowing for the necessary waste , this would add at least 38,000 men to the gross military force of the country , and 28,000 men to the regular army ; leaving with the militia a large body of supernumeraries , sufficient for a long period to release the standing army from the embarrassments , which a ballot must occasion ; and , when peace should arrive , instead of not having any militia at all , the country would possess a militia of 36,000 men , and would only have to raise the difference between that number and the full establishment