, when the bill originally passed . spoke to the same effect . The preamble was grounded on the circumstances existing in Ireland , in 1796 , which were very opposite to the circumstances of the present time . did intend to propose an alteration of the preamble . On the reading of the clause for enacting the capital punishment of persons convicted of being present , aiding , abetting , and assisting , in the administration of unlawful oaths , some discussion took place . Sir J. Newport , Mr. Whitbread , lord H. Petty , and Mr. Grattan , were desirous the clause should be so worded as not to involve innocent persons , accidentally present , in the room where such unlawful oaths might be tendered , but without their knowledge or assistance , in a capital punishment : and therefore it was proposed to word the clause , `` present , and knowingly and wilfully aiding , '' & c. Sir A. Wellesley , the Attorney-General , Mr. Simeon , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and Mr. Croker , were of opinion , that the clause was worded in the ordinary legal language of all indictments for similar crimes ; and that it was impossible to find a man capitally guilty under it , unless it should be proved , that , beside being present , he was knowingly and wilfully guilty of aiding , abetting , and assisting , and that therefore , the change proposed would be only an unnecessary translation of the well-known and explicit language of the law , into that of common parlance . The clause was agreed to in its original form.—Amongst the various amendments and new clauses that were proposed , there was one suggested by sir J. Newport , on 910 the clause which gave a power to the magistrates to arrest strangers in their several districts . The amendment proposed was , that a power should be given to the lord lieutenant , or the magistrates at the quarter sessions , to release the party arrested , on giving good security for his appearance , where nothing particular appeared to charge him with any act of criminality . It was contended , on the part of government , by col. Vereker and others , that the power might be vested in the lords lieutenants , who might be supposed to be possessed of all the information necessary to know whether the party ought to be detained or not ; but that it ought not to be given to the magistrates , because their party divisions were so great that some of them would be glad to release a prisoner , because he was committed by a magistrate of the other party . On the other hand , it was argued by Mr. Whitbread , sir J. Newport , and Mr. Morris , that if such divisions amongst the magistrates did exist , the house should be more cautious how they gave up the liberty of the subject without sufficient guards ; and that strangers , as they were denominated in the bill , could only be Irishmen coming from some other county , or perhaps from the next parish , or , it might be , from the next street , or the next door , as the word stranger was undefinable . A division took place , on which there was , for sir J. Newport 's amendment , 18 ; against it , 27 . The clause was then so far modified that the magistrates should be compelled to transmit to the lord lieutenant the story of the stranger , or other accused person , along with his accusation.—The other clauses of the bill were agreed to , without any material amendment . In a committee on the expiring laws bill , Mr. Rose moved a resolution for continuing to the 25th of March next , the act for suspending certain penalties in the woollen manufacture . Lord Milton urged the importance of coming to a final adjustment of the differences existing between the various classes of persons concerned in the woollen manufacture .