he was called upon by the respect he bore to Mr. Pitt 's memory to say so , that he was persuaded , his subsequent conduct , upon that subject , was governed by considerations , that had not occurred until after the union of-the legislatures had actually been carried into execution.—The noble earl deeply lamented the agitation of this question , under the present circumstances . He was not disposed to question the motives of any of any noble lord , much less those of the noble baron ; but , surrounded as we were with difficulties he was apprehensive the most serious mischiefs would arise from this discussion . 793 —He agreed with the noble lord who had just sat down , that nothing would be gained by the proposed concessions ; that there were other objects lurking behind , infinitely more important in the eyes of the Catholics , and that what the noble baron had recommended would , if acceded to , he productive of no permanent advantage , whatever effect it might have in raising the expectations , and adding to the power of those , whose advocates had never been able to state a limit to their demands , and whom there was no hope of satisfying but by the complete sacrifice of our establishment in church and state.—The noble earl concluded by expressing his , concern that the noble baron should have signified an intention of withdrawing from if their lordships should adhere to their former resolution upon the Catholic , question . He trusted the noble baron . would not retire from the service . of his country at a time when abilities like his could not , be dispensed with . It was a time when to every man ought to be at his post ; and he considered that of the noble lord to be his place in the house of peers . disclaimed all intention of substituting Catholic for a Protestant establishment a Ireland : no man would , more decidedly oppose such a proposition , if it could possibly be made . observed , that when he was lord lieutenant of Ireland , it concessions were made to the Roman-Catholics of that country ; those concessions were authorised by the king and by the ministers of this country . As to the other principal point that had been urged in debate , the dissolution , parliament had already come to a decision on that head . He should , therefore , leave these questions their lordships ' consideration without any observation on his part.—The question was then put and carried in the affirmative . New writs were ordered for Dorchester , in the room of the hon . C. A. Cooper , who had accepted the place of clerk of the ordnance ; for Grantham in the room of Mr. Thoroton , who had accepted the place of clerk of the deliveries of the ordnance ; for Youghal , in the room of lord Boyle , called up to the house of peers ; and for st. Mawes , in , the , room of colonel Shipley , who having been also returned for the borough of Flint , had 794 made his election to serve for the latter place.—The chancellor of the exchequer brought down the following message from the king : `` G. R. His majesty being desirous that the house called The Queen 's House at Frogmore , with certain grounds thereto belonging and adjoining , should be secured to her majesty for her life and the lives of the princesses his majesty 's daughters , recommends it to his faithful commons to enable his majesty to grant and settle the same , in such manner , and with such provisions , as may most effectually accomplish the said purpose . G. R. '' Referred to a committee of the whole house.—Mr . R. Dundas brought in a bill to enable the East-India company to raise money upon Bond instead of increasing their capital stock ; which was read the first time.— The house , on the motion of the chancellor of the exchequer ,