? and might not one power assert , while another denied its existence ? Whatever difference of opinion therefore there might be as to the policy of the late government , there certainly was no ground for a distinct criminal charge . observed , that the question was , whether a crime had been alledged , and whether the documents to prove it were produced ? Ministers stated the crime , and refused to produce the documents . This was the ground of complaint . They alledged a clear fact that expectations had been raised . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) was of opinion , that the contingency had happened . In such a case it was neither honest nor candid to refuse to bring the matter to the proof.—The title of the bill was then read and agreed to . After which , moved for accounts of the number of transports of different descriptions in the service of government at the time the late ministers came into office , and at the time they went out.—Ordered . On the order of the day that the Irish Arms bill be now read a third time , said he could not agree without any inquiry into the state of Ireland , to give his assent to the passing of such an arbitrary act as this . At the time of the union , the Irish were promised a full and fair participation of the rights of Englishmen ; at that moment , after a lapse of 7 1087 years , they were called upon to pass an act than which nothing could be more arbitrary and oppressive , and which would not be borne with in England , but in cases of the most imperious necessity , and after the fullest inquiry . This could not fail to induce jealousies and suspicions among the Irish , and would , he feared , be productive of the most injurious consequences . It had been attempted to justify this act on the principle which had prevailed , in that of disarming the Highlanders , but there was a very great difference between them . The act for disarming the Highlanders was passed at a period , when no one could for a moment doubt the absolute necessity for it . It was immediately after a rebellion , in which those men had taken up arms in the cause of a prince , who was a declared enemy to the protestant religion , and whose ancestor had been expelled from this country , for his attempt to overturn the constitution . The hon . gent . who brought forward this bill called on the house to pass it into a law , without any document to prove the necessity of it , and without any means of conciliation having been adopted towards Ireland . He hoped , in a future session , to see some measure adopted in favour of the Irish ; to see a modification of tithes seriously set about , and maturely and fully considered ; and , above all , to see the catholic subjects of Ireland restored to their rights ; `` but , '' said the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , `` the church is in danger . '' In what way this could be made out he was at a loss to see . Would catholic emancipation give the catholic clergy any greater force of arguments , as to the superiority of their religion ? For his part , he saw no danger , unless it was caused by the protestants deserting the church . He protested against those restraining laws ; they had for a great length of time been tried against Wales , and had always been found fruitless and nugatory . He had hoped the attempt to disarm New England , as we had done , would not so soon have been forgotten , but would have operated to restrain ministers from thus attempting to disarm Ireland . He had hoped , instead of this , that the Irish would be restored to their rights