that in that place there is to be found a large portion of his majesty 's subjects who are ready to accept of their arms if they will send them there ? But above all , he objected to the Measure because it was seen that even that most objectionable , most useless clause was not allowed to be altered , that which empowered constables or men of any description , with a warrant founded on suspicion only , to break into men 's houses , and alarm and terrify their families in the dead hour of the night . If the search was only to be made in the presence of a justice , there might have been Some responsibility ; but , when even that amendment was refused , when it was known , that whatever disaffection did exist , the arms were used by night , and that it was in the day time that they were mostly secreted , he could not he so prodigal of this insulting power , he could not bring himself to wanton thus unnecessarily with the feelings of the people . If he was not of opinion that the people of Ireland were better secured without than with this bill , he most certainly should vote in favour of it ; but thinking as he did that the measure was both unjust and unnecessary , he was impelled by a sense of duty to support the amendment . said he would beg leave , as shortly as possible , to give his reasons for dissenting from this bill . It was an act of the most arbitrary end oppressive nature , brought forward without any inquiry into the state of Ireland , without any evidence laid before the house as to the necessity of it ; and it was altogether so unconstitutional an act , that nothing but extreme and most imperious necessity could possibly justify it . It did not depend on the responsibility of the lord lieutenant and council , nor on the authority of the established courts of 1090 law ; but two magistrates could execute al the arbitrary provisions of this terrible bill He did not conceive himself authorised to give his assent to such a bill as this , on the authority of any hon . gentleman , however respectable he might be , both for character and talents ; and notwithstanding all that had been said on the subject , he could not see any necessity whatever for it . Lord Hardwicke had resided upwards of 4 years in Ireland , a most able , dignified , and popular representative of his sovereign , during which time he had never found it necessary to resort to those extraordinary provisions . If so , what was there in the present state of Ireland to give occasion to this bill ? Since my lord Hardwicke , the duke of Bedford had been some time lord lieutenant ; and there were some partial disturbances in different parts of the country . Applications had been made to his grace to put in force the provisions of this act ; but he refused . He proceeded against the culprits in a legal way ; and the law was found sufficient to subdue the insurrection , and to punish the offenders . Here the house had the evidence of two lords lieutenants , that in the course of 6 or 7 years , there was no necessity for such provisions . It must be a necessity made apparent to parliament , and not allowed to go on in respect to any assertion of any individual , to put the whole people of Ireland out of the law , and authorize these nocturnal domiciliary visits . He was averse to the bill in toto . He never could reconcile himself to a bill which was to place the people , in every part of Ireland , in the power of any two rash , prejudiced , or intemperate magistrates , to break open their houses at any hour of the night , and , under the pretence of searching for arms ,