to substitute permanent service for their drill days , for that in most cases would be inconvenient , and in many impracticable , but to pass those drill days in exercises from home . It would then be seen which of those who entered into volunteer corps , did it for the sake of exemption , or for other motives . If parliament should think fit to adopt any subsequent measures on this subject , his majesty 's ministers would not shrink from it . Let them , however , be deliberate in their undertaking , recollecting the old saying , `` the more haste , the worse speed . '' 872 The noble lord here entered into a brief recapitulation of his arguments . He had been called upon to propose to parliament , in a time of exigency , a measure adequate to meet that exigency , and which therefore , whatever its nature might be , was open to strong and plausible objections , since it must be one of great burthens and imposing great sacrifices on a country which had already borne great burthens and made great sacrifices , not with patience only , but with pleasure . But he was convinced that the country would feel now , as it had always felt , that those who proposed these burthens were its best friends , because they were proposed for the security and welfare of the country . On subjects of this nature , considerable difficulty existed in giving a preference to one among various measure , all standing on the ground of solid argument and ingenious reasoning ; but he could assure the house , that the proposition which he had the honour to submit to them was the result of the most anxious consideration from the earliest period after the acceptance of office by his majesty 's ministers . They had made the best proposition they could—had disturbed , as little as possible , the existing establishments , and had not allowed themselves to enter the field of military discovery . Unquestionably , the militia service would , for a time , be disturbed , but it would soon recover itself , and he was sure that when the officers of the militia considered that the men taken out of the militia for the advantage of the country , were only those men who must soon have been discharged by law , and that in lieu of them they would receive fresh and abundant materials for rendering the militia efficient both in peace and war , they would give their cordial support to the measure . It was a consolation to reflect , that the history of this country did not afford an instance in which , when the public mind was called upon to encounter difficulties , it was not the peculiar characteristic of Britain to rise superior to every obstacle , and never to be so strong or so distinguished , as after the pressure of distress . That individual , who , unfortunately for the world , had acquired such an ascendancy on the continent , was little aware , that by that very ascendency he was creating in this country a power to which the world might ultimately look for deliverance ; and that out of the necessity which his inordinate ambition produced , the military character of 873 Great Britain would probably be raised to a greater height than any to which it had hitherto attained . The noble lord concluded by observing , that he should divide the measure into two bills , and that if the bills , for which he was about to move , should not be ready for delivery to members on that night , of which he was somewhat apprehensive , he should not press the second reading on Friday , but propose that it be postponed to Monday . He then moved for leave to bring in a bill , for allowing a certain proportion of the militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enter into his majesty 's regular forces . thought that the noble lord had not made out any