the Roman Catholic seminary at Maynooth in Ireland , entered into a statement on the subject . The additional sum of 5000l . by which double the usual number of Catholic clergy would be educated at Maynooth , had been voted by the last parliament , on the recommendation of the late administration . On enquiry , it had been found that a considerable part of that sum had already been advanced ; that the buildings were in a great state of forwardness , and that if therefore the vote was now reduced to its original state , the 8000l . would be very much infringed upon by these circumstances . It was on this account that he now proposed the sum of 13,000l . to be voted for these purposes ; but he begged to be understood , as by no means pledging himself to repeat such a proposition in any succeeding year . defended the conduct of the late administration , in having recommended to parliament the adoption of this grant of 13,000l . founded on a petition , and expedient in every point of view , more especially when the present state of the continent , by which the Catholics of Ireland were precluded from obtaining education abroad , was considered . But , even were the continent in a different situation , were it practicable for the Catholics to go over and receive a foreign education , it seemed to him to be a question easily decided , whether it would not be infinitely more wise and politic to afford them the same facilities at home . He trusted , therefore , notwithstanding the intimation of the right hon . gent. , that parliament would not in future refuse that which it was on all hands agreed at present should be voted for Catholic instruction in Ireland . thought his right hon . friend ( Mr. Foster ) had acted , on this occasion , with great liberality and moderation . He said , if he had been a member of the Irish parliament , he never would have given his assent to establish such an anomaly as a college maintained within the realm , at the expence of the state , to educate a clergy for the purpose of propagating a religion contrary and hostile to the state itself ; a religion which every member of that house was bound to abjure , before he could take his seat ; a religion of superstitious , intolerant , and persecuting principles , and which , however friendly he was to toleration and liberty of conscience , he was sorry to find so inveterately rooted amongst so great a portion of the people of Ireland , and now cherished by the sanction of law . He lamented extremely , that there were so many Roman Catholics in Ireland , and would have no objection to agree to the establishment of parish schools for their education , in common with Protestants ; not like the Protestant charter-schools , to procure proselytes , but where they might be instructed in the fundamental principles of Christianity , in which all sects agree . But if the Irish Catholics wished to educate their clergy , let them do it like the Protestant dissenters , at their own cost , instead of loading the Protestants of Ireland with taxes for the purpose of supporting a college on their account . did not expect that such a discussion would have arisen on this subject at this moment ; but since it was part of a settled plan of the present government , and the hon . gent . had taken the lead , he should hold it right to follow the ship of the line , and get into deep water . The hon . gent . had expressed his astonishment at the existence of such an anomaly as a Catholic college , for the education of a Catholic priesthood , maintained by government in the midst of Ireland , a Protestant state . The best answer to this was , that the case of Ireland itself was an anomaly , where three-fourths