against the success of the measure , by the option which it was proposed to give to those who entered from the militia , of entering , if they should think fit , for life . This little clause , so moderate in its operation , so reasonable in its pretexts , so innocent in the eyes of those by whom the subject had been but little considered , so well understood by those by whom the clause was brought in , was just the most mischievous , as well as the most dexterous stroke that could have been contrived by persons who wished the destruction of the measure , and were not disposed for the moment openly to avow their hostility . It was a stroke given by a poisoned dagger , which , though it might make a wound no bigger than the scratch of a pin , would soon be the means of spreading disease and gangrene over the whole body . It had been observed repeatedly , that the great effect to be hoped for from the measures of last year , must depend on the opinion that would be entertained of their stability , on the confidence to be placed in them , founded in the assurance that they would not be departed from or made the cover for designs other than those which they professed to have in view . Confidence , as had been remarked on some occasion by the late lord Chatham , was a plant of slow growth in an aged bosom . It might be said with equal truth , that it was a plant of slow growth in ignorant bosoms . Ignorance was always prone to suspicion ; and besides that the persons to whom measures of this sort were addressed , and upon 901 whom they were to operate , were among the most illiterate and the most ignorant , something far short of ignorance might be allowed to be suspicious , on a subject where , for a long series of years , deceits and impositions of one sort or another had , he feared , been so repeatedly practised . The moment it came to be understood , that the system of last year was to be changed in any part , all confidence in what was left , and all reliance on what was to happen in future , would be , if not at an end , at least greatly impaired . It would be in vain to tell the people , that nothing was changed but what depended upon their option ; that they were still at liberty to enter as before for a limited term , and that faith in that case would be equally kept with them . The general impression remaining upon their minds , and upon the minds of those by whose opinions and feelings their own would be governed , would be , that a change had taken place in that which they had been told would be permanent , and that the same security no longer subsisted , that what should be held out to them as the condition of a soldier , should continue to be so a few years hence . It was not to be supposed , indeed , that even without this change , the confidence of the people in the measures of last year had attained to any thing like its maximum , or that it would perhaps for a period of several years have become so fully established , as to give to the country the entire benefit of that system . That distrust upon such subjects was not wholly unreasonable , was proved pretty clearly by the present events . The measure could hardly be considered as having reached its maturity , till service for seven years as a soldier should have become as familiar to the minds of the people , as service for seven years in an apprenticeship ; till they should have seen the examples of men returning after such service , and exhibiting a living proof among their friends and relations , that promises of this