held Mr. Read , Mr . Graham. , and one or two others of the . Westminster 1101 and Middlesex magistrates , he could not so far shut his eyes as to put them on a level with the independent country magistrates . The former held their places , for which they received an emolument , at the will and pleasure of his majesty 's ministers ; while the latter exercised a gratuitous and burdensome duty . There was another subject , which he had alluded to elsewhere , and before an auditory far more numerous than that which he had now the honour to address , namely , the power exercised by brewers over publicans , by being proprietors of public houses . With all the regard which he felt for many gentlemen connected in the brewing business , this was a practice which , he was aware , ought to be checked , if not abolished . Nothing was more clear than this , that brewers might meet together , agree that they would not interfere with the houses which were held under the dominion of each ; and in that manner they had it in their power to impose whatever trash they pleased on the laborious part of the community . What they had after labour was of as much consequence to their health , and to their existence , as food . It was , therefore , an object well deserving the interference of the legislature , to see that improper means were not resorted to to disappoint them of it . The period of the session , however , would not allow time for so extensive a regulation . All that he now desired was to provide that a man , merely because he was a publican , should not be ruined , and his family turned on the parish , without having an opportunity of knowing what was charged against him . He concluded by moving , that the bill be now read a second time . thought some regulation necessary upon this subject , and bore testimony to the character of the publicans . From his connection with the revenue business , he was enabled to say , that there was not a more meritorious class of men than the publicans . vindicated the character of the magistracy in the country , who were , as far as his acquaintance extended , particularly in Cornwall , entitled to the utmost respect . The evils arising from the proprietorship of public houses being vested in the brewers , he acknowledged to be great , but he could not conceive any legislative remedy that could apply to it . thought the grounds of objection stated by the chancellor of the exchequer might be obviated in a committee , where all the cases cited by his right hon . friend might , with many others , equally strong , be fully substantiated . From having had an opportunity of examining these cases , he could say that such instances of oppression had occurred under the existing law , as would revolt the feelings of the house , and as would excite its astonishment , that such a law had been so long suffered to continue in operation . However , as more inquiry seemed to be required upon this subject , and as gentlemen seemed to think the general extension of the principle desirable , he would recommend to his right hon . friend to withdraw the bill , rather than let it go to a division , lest its rejection should appear to imply that to which he was glad to perceive no gentleman was disposed , namely , an absolute opposition to the principle of the measure . conceived a committee of inquiry necessary previous to the introduction of a bill of this nature , because it professed to rest upon particular cases ; but if the measure were founded upon a general principle , comprehending the whole country , such a committee might be dispensed with . The hon . member was aware of the illegitimate use made of the power which the