that , brought forward another charge , they ought to make it good , otherwise the house ought certainly to consider it as not made . He expected the noble lord would move for an 1085 account of the transports which the late government received at the time of their coming into office , and the numbers left at their going out of office . observed , that the present discussion came with a very bad grace from an hon . gent . who had charged his majesty 's ministers on a former occasion , with not having sooner sent to Sweden , or other parts of the continent , the force which was then embarking . Could ministers do less than state , that were their impressions ever so strong of the necessity of the measure , they had been precluded from an earlier recurrence to it , by the total neglect of their predecessors ? No specific charge had been made , but it had been merely stated , that the late ministers were culpable in allowing expectations to grow up , and that one power ( Sweden ) had complained of the disappointment of those expectations . Adverting to the question of transports , he observed , that the interval between the wish to obtain transports , and the power of obtaining them , was much greater than what seemed generally to be imagined . Horse transports , in particular , could not be expected to be in the Downs in less than three weeks after the tenders had been accepted , and every one accustomed to these subjects , knew the tardiness with which those tenders were made . He thought the policy of the late government fundamentally wrong , that they had made up their minds to afford no assistance to the continental powers , and therefore , that they had managed badly to inspire expectations of assistance . observed , that it now appeared that general promises had been first alledged ; then a particular charge of a breach of engagement was made , and lastly the matter came round again to general promise . This was the dance that ministers led the house , all the while refusing the documents . The right hon . gent . had said that he had a right to retort on the late government . The best way , however , of answering charges was to refute them instead of retorting on others . But , granting his claim of retorting , he still contended that when the right hon . gent . alledged that the late ministers had adopted a particular line of policy , and had not acted up to it , he ought to be prepared with proof to make good his charge . When charges were brought against ministers , they had the means in their hands of refuting them if they could . When charges were made against them , they could only call upon the ministers to produce the 1086 documents on which they were founded . He himself was certainly of opinion that the Russian loan ought not to be negociated after the experience of the Austrian loan , though certainly there might be circumstances in which the Austrian loan ought not to be considered as a bar to any such loan in future . He hoped no more would be heard of the charge against the late ministers , or if it should again be insisted on he hoped the documents would be produced . said , it was clear that the fact was admitted , that ail expectation had been raised , at least in Sweden , of military aid from this country in cavalry , on certain contingencies . Whether or not those contingencies had occurred was a matter of opinion , and was not a subject on which a criminal charge could be preferred . Suppose the contingency had been that assistance would be afforded in case the allies were placed in such a situation as to be enabled to make a forward movement against the enemy . Was not this situation a matter of opinion