he had been accustomed . He was then in parliament , the friend of Mr. Pitt , and though the late measure did not go one twentieth part as far as that which Mr. Pitt proposed , instead of regarding him as the betrayer of the Protestant faith , he held him up as the only fit man in the country to consolidate and direct its resources . The right hon . gent . however , considered this appeal to the people as having confirmed the truth of his opinions . But he must explain the adage , vox populi , vox dei , in a very large and extensive sense indeed , if he considered this appeal to their dormant prejudices as a decisive testimony to the justice of his opinions . It seem- 639 ed to .be the opinion of the ministers , on the occasion of the late dissolution , that they should take advantage of the cry of `` No Popery '' while it lasted . They said , we must make hay while the sun shines : the tide of popularity which seemed to run in their favour might otherwise have ebbed , and left them dry on the beach . But what must we think of men who could resort to such means in support of their influence ; means which had produced for them that sovereign contempt with , which they have been treated by all sober and thinking men ? For two successive parliaments they had abdicated their claims , and in fact declared their incapacity for conducting the affairs of government , and now they stole into power under the despicable cry of `` No Popery . '' What was the common reproach which the enemies of the constitution urged against parliament ? Was it not , that it was a body merely subservient to the will of the crown ? Yet the ministers , at the close of the last parliament , had held out threats of dissolution , which was to render it more subservient . The house , however , were not to be intimidated by such threats , and were in consequence dissolved . The experiment , however , which they had had recourse to , had not produced the effect they desired . The cry of the Church being in clanger , had failed of its effect , and the candidates for the choice of the people had not been worried and torn to pieces by the fanaticism which it was wished to excite . The cry of `` No Popery '' had only been heard in remote and comparatively unenlightened places . What had happened in Westminster ? There , ( though the result of that election was , certainly not , what he Could have wished ) it had not so much as been heard of . Though faintly uttered in Middlesex , it had there been equally unsuccessful . In the county of Norfolk , with which he was more immediately connected , though several hot spirits among the clergy had endeavoured to excite and propagate yet they had been repressed by the moderation of that most enlightened and liberal prelate , the Bishop of Norwich . Those who were content to rise to power by such appeals to the worst and most senseless passions of the people , were utterly unfit for its enjoyment and exercise . The house Was loudly called upon to reprobate such conduct by their vote this night . But what must be the effect of the principles which ministers had this night proclaimed with regard to Ireland , a most important 640 part of the empire ? No farther concession it seemed was to be granted , and the expectations of a great part of its population were to be closed for ever . Was it nothing to say to them , the door is for ever shut against your claims , there is no farther hope left for you ? Instead of being alarmed , however , and exasperated by these declarations , he trusted that they would rather rely upon the good sense of the