, and such amendments as might give it a fair chance of going forth to the country in a form less liable to objections . An hon . gent . complained that the poor-laws were abused for the maintenance of profligates ; but it was the very object of this bill to render the poor less profligate , and less in need of eleemosynary support . He agreed with the last speaker as to the importance of attending to the condition of parish apprentices . It was the practice to send them to as great a distance as possible , where they had no friends who could attend to their situation . In some parishes in London they were accustomed to send them to the distance of some hundreds of miles , and to contract with the proprietors of the cotton mills of Lancashire , & c. for so many of them , who were sent off in carts like so many negro slaves . would be sorry to oppose the Bill going into a committee , provided it was . understood it should not pass this session . He had no doubt that the poor ought to be taught to read ; as to writing , he had some doubt , because those who had learnt to write well , were not willing to abide at the plough , but looked to a situation in some counting house . With respect to the poor-rates , it they did not now exist , he would propose them , because he thought that the relief of the poor ought inn to . be left with the generous to the exemption of the miser . supported the principle of the bill , and argued for going into a committee . In every country where the poor were well instructed , they formed . the better subjects in every point of view . This measure would rather diminish than increase the poor-rates . felt the strongest predilection for parochial schools , and certainly agreed in the principle of extending information as much as possible among the lower ranks . The object however , which he rose , was to state in answer to the hon . and learned gent . over the way ( Mr. Morris ) , that the expence was greater Scotland , than what he supposed it to be . The rates for the schools there , were levied on the landlords , who resorted to their tenants for one half ; they besides settled a rate of fees from such of the landlords as could pay them . was decidedly against the bill , as going to inflict a compulsory education on the country at a most incalculable expence . At all events he thought that a bill of so much importance , to every part of the country , ought not to be discussed in so thin a house , and in the absence of the magistrates ant country gentlemen , who were the persons competent to throw the most light on the subject . expressed his surprise that any objection should be thrown in the way a the bill in this stage of it . He replied to the argument , that those who had got some , education would look higher , because they were above the generality . This would not be the case if the generality of the lower orders were well educated . There must be a lower order of people who must perform the manual labour of country ; and the better informed they were , the better they would be in every respect . in answer to the last speaker , begged leave to ask , whether the noble lord would have the ministers and churchwardens hold a critical examination in order to ascertain who were fit to be exalted to the counting-house , and who were only fit for the plough ? replied , that the hon . gent. , with his examinations , had chosen to attach a meaning to his noble friend 's words that had never entered his head . His noble friend had intimated that there