motion , last session , when he opposed this measure . [ The chancellor of the exchequer said across the table , that he had called for this information , though not by motion . ] —Lord H. Petty resumed . It was extraordinary on a subject connected with the national expenditure , that the right hon . gent . had not made a distinct motion . There was no paucity of the means of education for the Protestant Clergy of Ireland . There was Trinity College in Dublin , one of the most splendid establishments of the kind that existed , besides the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge . At any rate , if the means of instructing Protestant clergy for Ireland were deemed too small , let not the means of instructing the Roman Catholic clergy therefore suffer ; let it not be a contest which class should be kept in the greater ignorance , but let it be rather an emulation how to diffuse over the whole country , the greatest possible civilization and instruction . ( member for the university of Dublin ) hoped , that after the allusion that had been made by the noble lord to the place he had the honour to represent , he would be excused saying a few words on the subject now before the committee . Of the establishment of Maynooth College , as a substitution for St. Omer 's , he entirely approved . He did not himself remember the circumstances under which it was originally founded ; but believed , from what he had heard , that 8000l . annually were voted for the maintenance of 200 students , and 200 only . The principals of that college had , however , now come forward , and asked of parliament 5000l . in addition , for the erection of buildings sufficient to lodge 200 students more . This he could not help thinking was in effect to do no less than double the establishment . 324 As to the Dublin seminary , the excellent system of learning adopted there , had certainly induced a number of the Catholic gentry to send their sons to that college . He believed the number of Roman Catholic students considerably above forty . Those young gentlemen pursued the same course of studies for four years with their Protestant fellow students , and in returning to their family had a more friendly , liberal , and just idea of what a Protestant was , than they originally had , or perhaps could have otherwise obtained . At the same time , that college would not forget the origin and nature of its institution . The gentlemen on the opposite benches were , he was sure , too well versed in Irish history , not to know that the Dublin College was founded upon Protestant principles , by Elizabeth , and for the growth and dissemination of the Protestant religion . It was , in fact , a Protestant garrison in a land of Catholics ; and the learned and respectable characters at the head of the government of that college , had uniformly acted up to the true spirit of its institution . In the reign of James II. , the stand that college made for her civil and religious liberties , would remain upon honourable record , and the late spirit of religious moderation that induced her to forbear from taking any part in the disputes of the day , proved that she could forget her resentments as well as remember her obligations . read from a document he held in his hand , a statement of the number of sinecure livings in Ireland , without glebe houses or residences , by which , he contended , it appeared that the Roman Catholics paid one-tenth of their property to a nominal clergy for doing nothing . He said , it was no wonder that the Protestant church was disrelished by the Irish peasant , when the only way through which he knew it was , the exactions of the tithe-proctor . He concluded with an earnest exhortation to the house ,