advocate and solicitor general of Scotland the bill , was negatived on a division of 41 to 21 . The bill was then read a third time and passed.— Mr. Mellish presented petitions from the parishes of St. Mary , Islington , and St. Clements Danes , against the Parochial Poor Relief bill.—The Speaker acquainted the house that lieut . col. Alexander Park not having entered the required recognizances within the time limited by act or parliament , the petition complaining of an undue return for the shire of Kinross fell to the ground , and the order for hearing the same was discharged . The time for entering into recognizances on the petition complaining of the undue return of sir James Craig tor the town of 851 Carrickfergus was enlarged to this day se'nnight.—Mr . Jones gave notice , that it was his intention in the early part of the ensuing session , to move for leave to bring in a bill to compel parochial officers to give in on oath certain rate-books previous to elections.—Mr . Brundrett , who had refused to answer the interrogatories of the house , on the subject of the detention of the Poole writ , and who had been committed to Newgate for that refusal , being in attendance pursuant to order for the purpose of being discharged , was brought to the bar , where he received the following reprimand from the Speaker : `` Jonathan Brundrett ; an unwarrantable delay appearing to have taken place in the execution of the last writ of election for the town and county of the town of Poole , and it appearing also that the writ was delivered from the great seal into your hands , you were interrogated at the bar of this house touching your conduct in that transaction , and you then thought fit to refuse making answer to the questions upon which you were examined . For that contumacy you were committed a prisoner to his majesty 's gaol of Newgate , in order that you might feel , and others might know , that this house will not suffer any man , with impunity , to violate its privileges , or set its authority at defiance . But now that your imprisonment has brought you to a confession of your error , and a proper sense of obedience ; this house accepts your submission , and consents to your discharge ; and you are discharged accordingly . '' On the motion of the chancellor of the exchequer , what the Speaker had said in reprimanding Jonathan Brundrett , was ordered to be entered on the journals . Mr. Brundrett was ordered to attend on Thursday next , at the resumption of the enquiry respecting the detention of the Poole writ ; and Mr. Wm . Spurrier was ordered to attend at the same time . rose , pursuant to notice , to move for certain papers tending to throw light upon the conduct of the Indian government towards the Polygars . His object was to vindicate the character of the country , by the investigation of the parts of the Indian system , which called most loudly for enquiry , and as far as that should be found possible , affording redress where in jury had been done . He wished also to impress the necessity of correcting the whole system on which the government of India had been for some time conducted . The 852 transaction to which these papers referred , was but one of many which had left a very dangerous rankling in the minds of the natives . The systematic interference of the Indian government at home and abroad , with the prejudices and habits of the natives , had excited great dispositions in their minds to hostility towards the British interest . He adverted particularly to the late lamentable transaction at Vellore , which had originated from an interference of this kind . The whole system called loudly for enquiry and reformation , which he was anxious by every effort of his to expedite and carry into effect . With this view he gave notice