measure . He did not , however , wish to press that consideration farther at present , as there would be another opportunity of discussing the merits of the bill . Nor was it his wish now to answer at any length the objection which had been thrown out against the conduct of the late administration in the remission of fines to the different parishes . He should barely state , that the question on that point was , whether or not those fines could be levied without injus- 983 tice ? It was not stating the matter correctly to say , that by this means , parishes that had made no exertion , and had incurred no expense , were placed exactly on a footing with those who had made exertion . The fact was most notorious , that there were many was parishes that used every exertion which the law allowed , and could by no possibility obtain the men , while others obtained the men by exertions which were not allowed by the law . The question then was , whether those latter parishes should have an advantage over those who had done every thing which they could legally do , without being able to procure any men . The difference between the present bill and the one he had the honour to propose , appeared to him to be exactly that difference which was described by his noble friend ( lord Milton ) , when he described as the difference between a present and a permanent measure . He denied that any measure of his had produced the diminution in the number of volunteers which had been stated . said that the measures of the right hon . gent . had certainly contributed very much to dispirit the volunteers , as he himself had witnessed in the different districts with which he was best acquainted . He could not agree with the opinion of those who stated that the inspecting field-officers were of no use , and that their duty could be sufficiently discharged by the general officers of the district . The district which he commanded , comprised seven English counties , and 3 Welch ones , and 170 volunteer corps : it would be absolutely impossible that one general of a district should superintend so many corps who were widely dispersed over his district . He was therefore very glad that such power Was lodged in the inspecting field-officers . He considered that the improving the nature of the volunteer force would supersede the necessity of the Training act , and many other oppressive measures to which the people must otherwise be subject . He thought most highly of the militia force , and had a much better opinion of them than of the second battalions . He considered that the militia regiments possessed in a high degree the health and stamina of the country ; and if the English and Irish militia would readily interchange their services he considered that there would be no occasion for the present measure . It was merely because he did not find the superior officers of the militia 984 ready to make this interchange , that he thought it advisable to draft , from the militia . He was surprized that gentlemen on the other side of the house should not perceive an emergency which called for extraordinary measures , when the first general of the age had collected such an immense army , and was now more completely at , leisure than he was at any former period , to direct his entire attention to the subjugation of this country . He had seen many of the second battalions , and from the number of boys among them , he considered that they were much inferior to the militia regiments as they were at present . observed , that the county of Leicester , to which an hon . gent . ( Mr. Babington ) belonged , who had taken a part in this debate , had employed means contrary to law to raise men by crimps and excessive bounties . Knowing , as he did