be brought against us.—It has been justly observed , that our army is already so numerous , as to form a greater drain on the population of this kingdom , than that of any other country in Europe has to supply . There is no other country , in which so great a number of men , in proportion to the total population , are employed in the military service of the state , In this calculation , the militia , and the seamen in his majesty 's navy , must be taken into the account , as much as the troops of the line : for they are equally withdrawn from the pursuits of industry , in which they would otherwise be engaged . Thus , independently of foreigners , the total number of our own people , who have no other business but to defend the British empire and its dependen- 1129 cies , amounts to about 375,000 , which is not less than one fortieth of our whole population . In several of the petty German principalities , where the princes were the most oppressively severe in their demands of military service from their subjects , it was found impossible to carry the numbers of their troops to a higher proportion than one sixtieth of the population , and few of the greater powers in Germany have ventured even this length . It has been argued from this fact , that we are already arrived at the utmost limit , to which the numbers of our regular force can be carried , and that no improvement in the system of recruiting , or in the condition of the soldiery , will enable us to make any very great addition to our army . The idea certainly has some plausibility ; but whether it be correct or not , this at least is clear , that there must be some limit to the numbers of our regular forces—that there is some proportion to the population , beyond which no country can extend its army ; and we have no reason to suppose that we can afford a greater proportion of our population , than our enemies can of theirs.—It is therefore quite impossible that the British islands , with a population of about 15 millions , can maintain a standing army equal to that , which may be drawn from the countries under the control of the French emperor , peopled with 50 or 60 millions : and the disproportion of numbers is too great to be counterbalanced by any superiority of personal prowess . If , therefore , we were reduced to the necessity of maintaining the contest against France by our regular armies alone , no hope could be entertained that we should ultimately prevail ; and our subjugation would be inevitable . Happily , however , for the liberties of mankind , there is a natural and a material difference between the case of a nation which has to defend its own independence , and that of a nation engaged in offensive warfare . An invading power can act only by its regular armies ; but the nation that is invaded may bring the great mass of its population to support its army . The bulk of the people , who are engaged in the pursuits of peaceful industry , can give no assistance in attacking a neighbouring country , but may be of great use in the defence of their own . To the employment of this great resource , France herself owed the preservation of her independence , from the dangers with which it was threatened in the early periods of the revolution . It was by the levée en masse , that the united Austrian and Prussian armies were repulsed ; and it is only , by similar means that we can now hope to 1130 save our country from still more imminent perils.—Here , my lords , I shall no doubt be told , that our government does not mean to trust to the standing army alone . The noble secretary of state has spoken of the necessity of a varied