but there were others which he thought liable to strong exceptions , as tending very much to unsettle a system which , however desirous he might be to improve it , ought not to be materially changed without the utmost deliberation . He acknowledged he had originated the clause in 1793 , which facilitated the acquisition of settlements to the members of friendly societies . He wished the principle could have been extended generally , but there were a great variety of instances , in which it would operate oppressively upon numberless parishes . Upon the whole , he wished the bill or the present to be improved as far as possible in the committee , that it might be printed , and sent forth for public consideration , and again taken up in the next session with further opportunities for deliberation . lamented , that the right hon . gent . whose habits of industry had inclined him to pay more attention to this subject than any other member of that house , should now say he was unprepared . After the bill had been introduced in the last session , divided into four , discussed in a committee , printed , distributed through the country for the consideration of the magistrates ; and , after the notice of a week that the bill was to be read a second time this day , that the right hon . gent . should say he had not considered it , was extraordinary ; and if such a plea came from him , what could he expect from other members less in the habit of attending to such subjects ? He had been charged with pertinacity in continuing to urge forward this system ; but he disclaimed all pertinacity . He hoped , however , there was nothing reprehensible in a member of that house persevering in measures which to him appeared right and salutary for the public good ; and if the right hon . gent . did not approve the whole bill , there were some clauses at least , which he allowed were admissible , and to the enactment of those he could surely have no objection spoke generally in favour of the bill , though there were a few points 850 to which he had objections . He particularly approved of that part which enabled the magistrates to award relief in those cases where the overseers refused it , and that part which proposed rewards for long and exemplary conduct in poor persons , who in their own sphere acted as meritoriously as the soldier , who , in another line of life , became entitled by his exploits to the bounty of his country . denied there was any such law in existence , as that which he was surprized to find taken for granted in the course of this debate , namely , a law empowering the overseers of the poor , to refuse relief to a pauper , until he should have sold all his little furniture for his maintenance . He had heard , indeed , that overseers in many parishes , where there was no resident justice of the peace , assumed to make such a law , or to act as if it were in existence ; but he hoped it would not go forth to the country , that any such law existed in the British statute books . Such a principle was directly contradictory to the statute of the 9th of Geo . I. which gave the magistrate an appellant jurisdiction on the overseer 's refusal , and empowered him to award relief upon affidavit , shewing just ground.—After a few words in explanation , the bill was read a second time and ordered to be committed . On the motion that the bill for extending the Royalty of Glasgow be now read a third time , Mr. Maxwell moved as an amendment , that the said bill be read this day three months , which after a conversation , in which Mr. Boswell , Mr , Laing , and Mr. Creevey supported the amendment , and the lord