believe that our rulers were inadequately impressed with the former . How far the measure now proposed was calculated to authorize that persuasion , it would be for the house and the country to determine . With the anxious forebodings that pressed on his mind , in case the house and parliament should adopt this proposition , he had no option left him but to resist it , with a view to the adoption of others more vigorous and less objectionable , to which he could give his conscientious support . was glad that his right hon . friend who spoke last had been heard before him , though he was anxious to have addressed the house at the time he rose , in order to repel a charge brought by the right hon . gent . opposite , against the late ministers . He had said that they had abandoned the intention of doing any thing in favour of Ireland . They certainly had done no such thing , but had with anxiety reserved to themselves a power to make representations on this subject . What the right hon . gent . said was contradicted , even by the garbled documents which had been surreptitiously published . With regard to the present measure , he was anxious to support any thing which could have the effect of a permanent addition to our force . The consideration then was , whether this was a measure calculated for that purpose . His hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) had enteredupon the consideration of the amount of our force compared with our population , and had certainly taken the just view of the subject . He had included in his calculation some who were not properly part of our military force . But , however , without these , our force , compared with our population , was as great , if not greater , than that of any other country . We had about 400,000 men in our army , and having besides 30,000 foreigners ; we had 150,000 in the regular army , 20,000 artillery-men , between 70 , and 80,000 militia , and 130,000 in the navy . These , with from 370 to 380,000 volunteers , formed nearly 2–17ths of our population capable of bearing arms . In one of the most military monarchies of Europe , where there was little commerce and few manufactures , he meant Prussia , the proportion of those actually armed , out of those capable of bearing arms , had been 2–17ths . For any permanent force , more 961 than this , could not be found . This was a most essential view of the subject , for if there was a moment when we ought to be peculiarly cautious with respect to military measures , it was when we had already advanced to the natural limits by which we ought to be bounded in ordinary cases . On that ground the present measure was to be considered.—The danger he considered as arising from two sources ; first , the general danger from the state of the continent ; and secondly , the particular danger of invasion arising out of it . This view of the danger would furnish us with principles to try the propriety of the measure . Now , we ought to be cautious about altering the existing force ; and certainly when a plan , confessedly of a temporary nature , was brought forward , it ought only to have a temporary effect on former establishments . Now , in these respects , the plan was extremely imperfect , for it went to unsettle the great existing principles of defence.—It would have been expected , if any part of our force was to have been destroyed , it would not have been the militia . If there was a time when that service ought to have been improved and encouraged , not annihilated , this was the moment . If it was good for any thing , it was for the defence of the country . At the moment , however , when the attention of