with him upon private business , he stated , that it was Mr. Bryant , attorney , and that Mr. Jeffery was accompanied by Mr. Graves , of the same profession . Mr. Bryant was no clerk nor assistant of his . When he ordered Brundrett to give the writ to the persons who employed him in the city , he referred to Messrs. Ambrose and James Weston , attorneys . He knew no reason for their employing Brundrett to take out the writ , except that he was nearer to the crown office than they , and that he was employed to take out writs for him . When so many enquiries were afterwards made about the writ at his chambers , he thought it right to send Brundrett in person to enquire after it at Poole ; Brundrett was his confidential clerk , and he was anxious to have his character set clear in the business . Mr. Lowten was then ordered to withdraw , and the farther consideration of the business was adjourned to Monday , when Mr. W. Bryant , Mr. W. Graves , Messrs. Ambrose and James Weston , were ordered to attend on the motion of Mr. Jeffery . moved , that the messenger of the great seal be also ordered to attend , in order to explain the circumstances relating to the issue of the writs . seconded the motion . He was anxious to shew , that no influence was exercised by the treasury.—The messenger was accordingly ordered to attend on Monday . New writs were ordered for the borough of Helstone , in the room of Mr. Richards , who since his election , had accepted the office of steward of his majesty 's Chiltern Hundreds ; and for the borough of Appleby , in the room of lord Howick , who , since his election , had accepted the office of steward of the Hundred of East Hendred.—Mr . G. Galway Mills took the oaths and his seat.—Mr . Jeffery , in consequence of the illness of one of the witnesses , postponed the proceedings of the Poole writ , to Thursday next.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer gave notice , that , on Monday , he should bring in a Bill for continuing the commission of military Inquiry . presented several petitions from the ministers , church-wardens , and overseers of the poor of different parishes in the city of London , against Mr. Whitbread 's bill for the Education and Relief of the Poor . The petitions were respectively ordered to lie on the table till the second reading of the Poor Relief bill , and referred to the committee on the Parochial School bill . Similar petitions were presented from the magistrates of Surrey , and from different places , which were disposed of in a similar way.—A new writ was ordered for the Borough of Winchelsea in the room of sir F. F. Vane , bart . who since his election had accepted the office of steward of the Chiltern Hundreds.—Sir C. Pole presented a petition from R. Eyre , esq . relative to a sum of 59,000l . remaining unpaid of the proceeds of a Dutch Factory , captured in the year 1781 , at the capture of which the petitioner commanded his majesty 's sloop of war , Nymph . The petition praying a compensation out of the public money , was consented to on the part of the crown , by the chancellor of the exchequer , who did not thereby pledge himself as to what course might be afterwards adopted with respect to the petition.— The Attorney-General brought up a bill to amend the 40th of the king , concerning the personal and other property of the king and of the Queen consort for the time being ; which was read a first time.—The Chancellor of the Exchequer , pursuant to notice , moved for and obtained leave to bring in a bill , to continue the Commission of Military Inquiry . The bill was to continue the commission to June next , and he proposed this limit , not because he expected