being victualled and re-victualled at sea , there is no probable end of their misery . An East India voyage is performed in less time and with more refreshments than a channel cruise . Capt . Cook , whose authority will not be treated lightly , says , that `` notwithstanding the Discovery had been out 117 days , the scurvy had made no great progress , which he ascribes to the essence of malt and fermented liquors . '' Limo juice is now the substitute , and a cure it is—but a debilitating cure —not fit to re-establish the strength of body impaired by living without vegetables for a long period on salted provisions . How matters of such material consequence have escaped the notice of the latest admiralties , I am at a loss to know ; unless an excess of confidence reposed in the late commander in chief of the channel fleet has been the cause ; and that this security existed on the part Of the admiralty , I think will be proved by the paper to which the motion I hold in my hand refers : `` That there be laid before this house such orders as have been issued or acted upon between the 1st March , 1805 , and the 1st March , 1807 , by the authority of the commanders in chief of his majesty 's ships and vessels employed in the channel soundings , respecting leave 758 to be granted or withheld from officers or men ; distinguishing who was commander in chief at the time of issuing or acting upon such orders . `` —In harbour , too , that neither officer nor man shall be permitted to go on shore is a hard case , and an order which I do not hesitate to condemn . And , sir , it appears not less striking , when I recollect , that during the greatest part of the time the commander in chief resided in London , enjoying not only the salary of his office , but claiming the emolument of prize money , gained by the toil and danger to which those engaged in the active service and defence of their country are exposed.— Such , indeed , sir , is the example shewn in this case , that I shall not be surprised to see some future minister confer the office on a fool or on a child , and make the situation of commander in chief of the channel fleet a sinecure as complete , and a means of corruption equal to any that has lately been the subject of debate in this house.—With respect to the sick , I consider it necessary to say a few words ; but I shall first read my motion on that subject : `` That there be laid before this house such orders as have been issued or acted upon between the 1st March , 1805 , and the 1st March , 1807 , by or by the authority of the commander in chief of his majesty 's ships , & c. employed in the channel soundings , allowing or restraining commanding officers or surgeons of his majesty 's ships , & c. from sending men to the naval hospitals , or restricting their admission into such hospitals . `` —In consequence of the regulations established in those institutions , mess were frequently refused admittance . A grievance connected with this point has made a strong impression upon my mind ; that is , an order , rigidly inforced , that no man , whatever his state of health , be permitted to be sent to the hospital from any of the ships in the Channel Fleet , unless previously examined and allowed by the surgeon of the Commander in-Chief . The mischiefs resulting from this arrangement were notorious in the navy . In consequence of the inconvenience and difficulty , if not impossibility , of this surgeon 's going from ship to ship at such times as vessels might be going into port , various diseases , deaths and amputations , too frequently ensued before such surgeon 's examination