a change of circum 1046 * stances , could not , during such grant , be regulated for the benefit of the public . He would instance one case , that of the large office held by the noble lord ( Arden ) , and the reversion of which had been granted to him after the death of his father , whose public services were undoubtedly great , at a time when the income arising from it was comparatively trifling . The profits of it had since increased to an amount which could not possibly have been in the contemplation of any one , and which arose , in a great degree , from the misfortunes of the country . It would , no doubt , have been thought expedient to regulate an office of that description . He thought , upon every ground that could be stated , that this bill ought to be proceeded in . said , he was not sent to that house to oppose the bill , nor would he be sent there by any man : he opposed the bill because he conceived it to be his duty as a peer of parliament to do so . in explanation , disclaimed any intention of throwing the least imputation upon the noble lord ; he only meant to allude to the construction which would be put in the public mind upon the opposition given to the bill , coupled with the absence of his majesty 's ministers . said there was only one point in which he agreed with the noble lord ( Lauderdale ) , namely , that which related to the absence of ministers . He wished they had been there to declare their sentiments in opposition to the bill , if such were the sentiments which they entertained upon the subject . But when the absence of ministers was spoken of , he would ask , where were the illustrious members of the late administration ? Why did not they attend to support their own bill , and display their parental fondness for their own offspring ? He denied that this measure had been approved of or alluded to in his majesty 's speech . The speech applauded the general object the committee of finance , namely , to enquire into the means of reforming and economizing the public expenditure , but could not be made to apply to the present measure . No argument had , he contended , been adduced in favour of the present measure , except an assertion , that it was agreeable to the public feeling . He did not believe that there was any such feeling in the public mind , nor was there any thing in the bill by which the public could be benefited . If the bill were to pass , not a sixpence 1047 * would be saved by it ; the offices would remain the same ; and , the only object of it would be to encroach upon the king 's just and lawful prerogative . The noble lord had spoken of reversions being granted to children , but was it not the practice , when great services had been performed by an Admiral or General , to confer hereditary honours , and to grant also an annual sum , which was not confined to the person to whom granted , but was extended to his descendants ? It had been the constant practice of our ancestors to act upon this principle . He would put a case also to shew the expediency of acting upon it in other instances : suppose a person was rendered incapable by age or infirmity from executing the duties of an office which he had held for 20 or 30 years ; such a person was not to be turned out without some provision . There were in this case only two modes of acting ; the one by a pension , and the other by granting the reversion of the office to his son or other relation , who might assist him in the office . By the former mode , a charge