ought to characterize statesmen were belied and adandoned , it was matter of notoriety , even to persons out of the government , that , though Prussia was nominally at war with this country ( for it was never more than a nominal war ) , there were discussions of so angry a nature , that it was probable it would involve these two power in a war , in which Russia also would eventually participate . Under these circumstances the policy that should have marked the conduct of a wise British government was obvious : but the very reverse was exhibited in the conduct of the late government . Instead of being prepared to act for the best advantage upon the opportu- 1034 nity about to be afforded , the late ministers suffered themselves to be duped and cajoled at Paris , even for a long time after the commencement of hostile proceedings between France and Prussia . This , then , was one of the brilliant æras selected to do honour to the late ministers ; when the military power of Prussia was about to be crushed , after so many other powers had been crushed before it , no means were prepared to avert or repel the impending fate , no thought seemed to be entertained of interposing to avert it . Then these ministers , who held themselves justified in giving no aid at all , accused him and his colleagues of giving their aid too late . He had also to state , that Prussia , at the time of the formation of this treaty of subsidy , was not so impotent as it was thought by some . In the battle of Eylau , when France felt herself engaged with an enemy so different from any she had hitherto encountered , the Prussian corps , under general Lestocq , had been vigorously engaged , and had materially contributed to the fortunate issue of the day . When the treaty was concluded , the Prussian force , including the garrisons in Silesia , the new levies waiting for the arms some time before dispatched from this country , and the 10,000 men which were to act at Stralsund , amounted to no less than 90,000 men . Thus , however reduced , the great military power of Prussia afforded yet a great remnant , which it was highly politic in us to maintain and uphold . With respect to the military aid expected from this country , the late ministers should have taken care not to suffer such an expectation to be held out or formed ; but lord Hutchinson stated that expectation so strongly , that unless the present ministers were disposed to commit what would be nothing short of a breach of faith , they could not avoid sending the aid so expected . When he and his colleagues came into office , however , they found no means whatever of conveying that aid . It was whimsical enough , that while the aid expected by the king of Sweden was looked for entirely in cavalry , and the excellence of the British cavalry rendered it naturally desirable where cavalry . could act , there was not a single arrangement to transport that cavalry . There was but one cavalry transport engaged , as it were for a curiosity , or in order that there might be always a model of a cavalry transport in the service . The first dispatch that had been received by the present mi- 1035 nisters , expressed great disappointment that the cavalry had not arrived ; and yet , any person who knew the difficulty of providing cavalry transports , besides the time and trouble of fitting up , must be sensible , that unless a supply had been left by their predecessors , the present ministers could not send off the aid sooner . He could easily make it appear , that the total discharge of transports , except those necessary for home service , was far from being a saving of 40,000l . a month . Motives of economy might be the reason of having