Montague , the chancellor of the exchequer , Mr. Ashley , and lord H. Petty , the motion was agreed to . rose to give notice , that he would on Friday se'nnight move for the production of certain papers , relative to the Polygars . Being on his legs , he took occasion to advert to another subject , which was intimately connected with that to which his notice referred , namely , the subject of the Carnatic . Upon that subject he had , in the last session of the last parliament , moved for the printing of certain papers which were not ready before the dissolution , but which had since been distributed among most of the members , and of course they had full opportunity of becoming acquainted with it . For himself he could say , that he was quite prepared to enter into the discussion , but as a matter of courtesy he thought a noble lord ( Folkestone ) claimed the precedency , and as that noble lord 's motion required some preparation , he could not look for a full attendance upon the question with which he meant to follow . He , therefore , could not feel himself able to promise the introduction of the Carnatic Question , in the course of the present session . However , if those who were immediately concerned for the noble marquis to whom these investigations referred , wished to have this question brought before the house , he could tell them that he was fully prepared to bring it forward . professed his anxiety to have this matter at once brought forward and decided . He begged the house to consider the time in which the friends of the noble lord alluded to had been kept in suspense . For no less than six years this question had been under the consideration of the house , and according to the manner in which those who undertook to manage it proceeded , it might be still six years more before they arrived at a final issue , during which the noble marquis and his friends were to be agitated by perpetual discussions , or rather by perpetual abuse . With such a consideration in their minds , it was of course the wish of all connected with the noble marquis , that the business might be determined as soon as possible . If , therefore , the hon . baronet was willing to prosecute the business , it was the wish of the noble marquis 's friends that he should bring it forward at once . had no reason for hesitating 717 with regard to himself , for he was as much prepared at present as he required to be . But there was a precedency due to the noble lord already alluded to , which he could not discard . He begged , however , to have it understood , that he had no Wish for procrastination . The word if , used by the right hon . baronet , was by no means attributable to any part of his conduct in this transaction , for he had always shewn himself willing to proceed in the business , and no part of the delay that had occurred was attributable to him . agreeably to notice , made his promised motion for the production of certain letters which had passed on the subject of the Cloathing for the Veteran Battalions , and which had not been produced in compliance with a former order of the house . He thought it necessary to explain what the nature of the letters and minutes , which in his opinion were material to the subject in question , and which he presumed to think had been improperly withheld , actually was . When he was appointed one of the joint paymasters of the forces , it occurred to him , that if any savings were likely to be made in the military department , the cloathing was a branch in which it might as probably be effected as in any other . He inquired accordingly , how other parts