send a force from this country , an arrangement was made for bringing into action a Swedish force of 16,000 men instead of 12,000 before employed . The additional 4000 men were to be furnished at rather a cheaper rate than the terms of the former subsidy . As no money had yet been paid , in consequence of this addition , and as the utmost that could become payable in this year could be no more than 40 or 50,000l . which would be fully covered by the vote of credit passed according to custom , he did not think it necessary to look further into this point , being prepared to give any explanation that might be demanded . With regard to the advances to Prussia , in consequence of the urgency of affairs on the continent , the advances in money , notwithstanding they might be authorized by the message in March , would not have been made if the exigency of the case could have admitted of waiting , for the conclusion of the treaty then in contemplation . When the treaty was made , however , it was stipulated that the two sums of 80,000l . and 100,000l . should be deducted from the first payment of the subsidy , and the amount of the arms from the future payments . Unquestionably , the objects of the treaty were of a large extent , and the subsidy of a large amount , if the contingencies on which it was to take effect had happened , and if the events that had arisen had not put an end to the engagements , and left us the charge of making good these advances . The arms had been supplied from the offices to which that charge belonged , and the expence when made out , would be covered by the vote of credit ; all that would be necessary therefore for the house to vote , would be the sums advanced to his Prussian majesty , on account of the urgency of affairs 1027 on the continent ; which be moved accordingly . had no objection to the motion . The first advance had been made by the government to which he had the honour to belong . While these advances were intrusted to the management of such safe hands as those of lord Hutchinson , the public might rely with confidence on having its interests fully guarded ; for , along with the military enterprize that belonged in so high a degree to that distinguished person , there were blended in his character a caution and a prudence which afforded a perfect assurance of the safe and judicious exercise of the discretion reposed in him . With respect to the additional engagements with Sweden , he had no objection to them , if they could be brought to answer any purpose of practical utility . But when these engagements should come to be made the ground of a vote , it would be proper to enquire how far there existed the means of carrying them into effect on the part of his Swedish majesty , who , he understood , had not completed the first force of 12,000 he had stipulated to employ in Pomerania . assured the noble lord , that at the time of concluding the additional engagement , the force serving at Stralsund exceeded the 12,000 men stipulated in the other treaty . wished to know , whether the stipulations of the treaty with Prussia would be laid before the house . said , he did not see how such a communication could with propriety be made by his majesty 's ministers . If , however , the hon . gent . wished particularly for information on the subject , he might move for it , and the house would then determine whether it ought to be granted . For his own part he regretted , as much as the hon . gent. , that the treaties could not with propriety be laid open , for he wished the conduct of the present government to be enquired into . They were well convinced