was very different from that stated by the chancellor of the exchequer . The latter right hon . gent . had disavowed any intention to impute blame on the late administration with regard to those points . The language of the right hon . secretary was however very different . He broadly insinuated censure . This conduct be could not but regard as highly unjustifiable . If no blame was meant , why make the insinuation ? He trusted that either no insinuation would be made , or that a direct charge would be brought forward . If a distinct charge of censure was advanced , his friends knew how to meet and refute it . observed , that a noble , friend of his ( lord Milton ) had been spoken of in terms of great asperity , because he alluded to his constituents , and spoke of them , it was said , as if nobody else in the house had constituents . He would ask the right hon . secretary , if he had constituents in the sense in which the word was understood by the noble lord ? When the right hon . secretary had , in pursuance of his audacious and unconstitutional threat , sent the members of the last parliament back to their constituents , did he himself venture to appeal to any popular body ? The noble secretary of state near him had once represented a populous county in Ireland , and had afterwards been rejected . But it did not appear , with all the anxiety of the present administration to appeal to the sense of the people , that the noble viscount it had thought it advisable to submit his conduct to the judg- 657 ment of his old constituents in the county of Down . He alluded to what had fallen from noble lord lately returned for the populous city of Westminster . It appeared , that neither the amendment nor the address were capable of satisfying that noble lord . He did not like the former , because he thought that to adopt it , would imply that the house approved of the conduct of the late administration . He condemned the address , on the other hand , because it seemed to contain a censure on the employment of the force of the country . In . this dilemma , he was at a loss to conjecture how the noble lord would act ; perhaps he would think it his duty not to vote at all . He alluded to the late contest for Wexford , and stated , from a paper which he held in his hand , that , Mr. Ormsby , the solicitor for the forfeited estates in Ireland , went down to the election , and personally waited on Mr. Grogan for the purpose of influencing him to support the ministerial candidates , by a promise of the re-assignment of the estates of the late Cornelius Grogan , his brother , which were forfeited . declared , that the government of Ireland had not interfered , nor given any instructions to Mr. Ormsby upon this subject : had any improper use been made of that influence , it was unknown to government . said , the letter of Mr. Ormsby was perfectly compatible with the fact , and he called upon the right hon . bart . to deny it if he could . He challenged the right . hon . secretary himself to shew the contrary , and said , that the first object the government was to dispossess him of the confidence of his constituents , but they failed , in this as almost every other effort of a similar nature , and the proof of the fact was , that he had fourscore more votes on his last election , than he has when he was chancellor of the exchequer for that part of the United Kingdom . The abuse of the constitutional power in that country was most scandalous and disgraceful , and the primary object of the government was to carry their point by the worst kind of influence