of this nature to be proceeded in without again calling the attention of the house to the causes of those discontents which 1179 rendered these measures of coercion necessary . He did not wish to go over at length the grounds he had before taken when another bill was before the house , but he could not help urging the importance of conciliatory measures as the best mode of allaying the discontents of a large portion of the population of Ireland . When discontents existed amongst a large portion of the people of Scotland , it was proposed to sir Robert Walpole to enlist them into regiments in the service of the country , and give the commands to the principal families who were then hostile to the government . The idea was eagerly seized by that great statesman , but was rejected by the cabinet . Many of those persons afterwards joined the standard of the rebellion . When , however , subsequently , a milder and more conciliatory policy was adopted , that people became loyal and zealous in the service of their country ; and finally , all the measures which had been thought necessary to enact were repealed in the administration of the great earl of Chatham . Similar results offered themselves in Hungary , where a large portion of the people , in consequence of being of a religion different from the established church , were kept under degrading restraints that necessarily produced discontents . When , however , those restraints were put an end to , the utmost loyalty and zeal prevailed . With respect to the bill , he thought it placed by far too great powers in the hands of the magistracy of Ireland . The reason which induced him reluctantly to give his consent to a bill recently passed , did not operate in the present instance ; that was a measure only to be used in case of necessity ; but the present bill was to be continually operating , and might in many instances produce great oppression and hardships , particularly by the powers given to search for arms by night . He did not mean to say , that there might not be cases in which it might be necessary to take arms out of the hands of disaffected persons , but the present bill was in his opinion inadequate to its purpose , as it would operate to produce a greater concealment ; the best Mode he thought would be to compel the magistrates to keep a registry of arms , and to grant licences for keeping them . He thought , however , that the bill recently passed for suppressing Insurrections , gave amply sufficient powers to the government , and he did not see the necessity of passing this bill in addition . He should therefore more , that the chair- 1180 man do leave the chair , meaning afterwards to move to postpone the bill for three months , conceiving that as it could not be many months before parliament would again assemble , there would then be ample time for discussing this subject . said , he had not introduced the bill with any arguments in support of it , because it contained nothing new in its principle or provisions , and not many weeks had elapsed since the principle of this bill had been distinctly recognized by the late administration , who proposed a bill for continuing an act commonly called the Gunpowder act , and which contained provisions equally oppressive , if so they could be called , with the present bill . That bill was passed by which the act was continued for 7 years , whilst it was only proposed to continue the present act for two years . His noble friend had been unfortunate in his allusion to Scotland , as in that country the acts of restraint and coercion had continued for 50 years , and it was only by a steady course of government upon these principles , that the discontents there were at length put an end to ; but then they could not be