the house , under an impression that as the former business had extended to so late an hour , this question would not have been brought on . Lord Castlereagh could not consent to the delay solicited . Sir R. Williams moved , that the house do now adjourn . A division then took place : for the adjournment , 13 ; against it 71 . On the re-admission of strangers , we found on his legs , objecting in strong terms , to the pressing the 3d reading of the bill at that hour , and after so long and teazing a discussion as had taken place for the last eight hours , and conjured the house not to treat the country and the crisis with so indiscreet a levity , as to hurry forward at that late hour the third reading of a bill of such a questionable nature , and fraught with such momentous consequences . replied . He defied even the characteristic ingenuity of the right hon . gent . to start a novel idea in any discussion on the present bill , however prolonged . All that could be said by the right hon . gent . had been already exhausted and fully answered . vindicated the motives of his right hon . friend in wishing to defer the reading to a more seasonable opportunity , and moved that the house do now adjourn . objected to putting the question of adjournment again without the intervention of a new subject . He had grounded his opinions on the precedents of the 12th of March , 1771 , and 16th March , 1772 . It had latterly been the usage of the house ; but an usage that he had no scruple in saying was unfounded . He did not think the motion of the hon . member regular , and he should not , therefore , put it.—The question was then put , that the bill be now read a third time ; when , after a speech from lord Milton , against the principle of the bill , sir J Newport moved that , instead of the word `` now , '' be inserted the words , `` this `` day ; '' upon which amendment the house divided : for the amendment 14 ; against it 75 . Whilst strangers were excluded , we understood that another division took place of 12 and 74 , when lord Castlereagh stated , that seeing gentlemen were determined to press amendment after amendment , and keep the house till to-morrow night , he should give them their way.—The third reading was then postponed till this day . The order of the day being read for taking into consideration one of the standing orders of the house , moved that the order for regulating the time of delivering in protests be read ; which being read accordingly , his lordship observed that much inconvenience often arose from the early hour at which it was necessary to deliver in protests ( at two o'clock p.m. after the debate . ) A protest had been entered this day against a proceeding , which took place yesterday ( the rejection of the offices in reversion bill ) , and the hurry with which it was drawn up , made him desirous to make a few alterations in it ; with that view he should now move , that time be allowed till he sitting of the house to-morrow , to alter two passages in the second reason of the protest delivered in this day reminded the house , that this was an old established order , and that it had been uniformly observed with great strictness . It would therefore be for their lordships to consider whether it was necessary to dispense with it on the present occasion , where it was scarcely possible to add to the force of the reasons , and to the strength of the expressions which already 1061 marked this protest.— On the question being put , it was negatived without a division . had then only to say , that the time , he