which deserved the acknowledgements of all who wished well to it . said , that he heard with regret and surprize , those assertions stated here , which he had heard on a former occasion ; and he had thought from the manner in which the noble lord had at last dropped the accusations , that he had even convinced himself from the most authentic documents that he was wrong . He had read a letter from commodore Keats , taking the whole blame to himself , respecting some of the transactions , but where there was certainly no blame . And notwithstanding the boisterous manner in which the audience at the hustings at Covent Garden generally expressed their opinions , yet even they had rejected these clamours as dangerous , when they sufficiently understood their nature . They set their faces against them as out of time and place ; as brought forward for manifest purposes , and not for the good of the public , and as attended with incalculable mischief , without being productive of any good . Sup- 765 pose he had not had the good fortune to be acquainted with the noble earl accused , whom he regarded with the highest respect and veneration ; suppose he had not had the opportunity of making the inquiries he had made—he had refuted the charges at the time ; but suppose he had not had that opportunity , was it nothing to consider the injury that might be done by these accusations going on board the ships months before they could be answered ? He regretted that they were now again brought forward , but he certainly felt less alarm than before . Even as it was , they had before done some injury , as he had learnt from officers , who said that they were every day in dread , when the papers with the reports came on board . What was their effect on commodore Keats ! They were such that he thought it necessary to demand a court-martial on his conduct . That had been refused , because there was no grounds for it . But was it nothing to have moved the feelings of a meritorious officer thus far ? He approved of what had been said , as to the conduct of his noble friend near him ( lord Howick ) , but in fact no board of admiralty would refuse to listen to the complaints of experienced officers . This house would be always ready to attend to the complaints of our gallant sailors , and redress their grievances , but it was necessary to ascertain whether complaints had been made to the proper department , and redress refused . The only motion he therefore thought which could be agreed to on this subject in the present instance was this , `` that there be laid before the house copies to the representations of the right hon cap-fain lord Cochrane to the Board of Admiraity , with the answers thereto , if any . '' rose to reply and said : —I disclaim , sir , any motive whatever except a regard for the real interests of my country , though I am free to confess that I can not help feeling in common with others the treatment received.—Improper motives have been imputed to me , and I might reply to one of those gentlemen who has denied facts which I can prove , that he was one of those who established this abominable system . What his abilities may be in matters not connected with the naval service , I know not ; but in the navy it is understood to be a fact , that his noble patron , the earl St. Vincent , sent the master of the Ville de Paris to put his ship in some tolerable order [ here there was a cry of order ! order ! from Admirals Pole , Harvey , and others . The Speaker observed , that 766 when the noble lord said that improper motives were ascribed to him , it was a reproach to him ( the Speaker