this was some despotic government . The king had his prerogative , but the houses of lords and commons had their prerogative also ; and there seldom had been an occasion on which it was more requisite for them to exercise it than the present . observed , that if he had hopes before that unanimity would prevail on this occasion , he must now own he was afraid he was disappointed . But he did feel that unanimity was so important to the interests of the country in the present situation of affairs , that unless the address expressed opinions in which he could not concur , or contained unfounded accusations , he should feel himself bound in duty to support it . But , if noble lords really thought that 596 the dissolution of the last parliament was ill advised , he perfectly agreed that this was the most proper occasion for them to express hat opinion . He would go farther ; something had been said here , and a great deal out of doors , about the impropriety of giving notice , that a division would certainly take place on the address . That clamour , he had no hesitation to say , was unfounded . If it had been stated that amendments were to be proposed in certain passages before the speech was fully determined on , and before the precise nature of it could be known , that indeed would have been indecent . But having in contemplation such an amendment as this , they might safely say beforehand that a division would certainly take place , because they might be assured that minister would not censure their own act . He thought it due to the noble lords , therefore , to state the impression made on his mind by this circumstance . He again stated , that he most strongly felt the necessity of unanimity . Their lordships were now in a different situation from what they were before , when it was matter of complaint , that an abstract proposition was brought forward , the effect of which , if assented to , would have been to annul the prerogative of the king , in the choice of his ministers . The fact of the advice had been there assumed , and censure was to proceed upon that . But the dissolution was an act of government , and the fact of the advice was certain . The only question , therefore , was , whether it was blameable ? He had before stated his deep regret at the change of the ministry , and that regret he still retained ; but that having been unavoidable , he thought the dissolution , in the state of parties , to be unavoidable also , and therefore warrantable and justifiable . He could not , therefore , say with the amendment , that the ministers , were guilty of manifest misconduct in this particular.—Much had been said about the agitations which had been produced in the country . He trusted he need not state that he would join in no party cry , that had deception and intolerance for its object . When he came into administration , in 1801 , under circumstances not dissimilar , he had raised no cry about the church being in danger . Parliament was not dissolved till the year after , and not a word was said about danger to the church . The fact was , that the late events had peculiarly interested the feelings of the people . If the cry was raised for the purpose of making a stalking horse of the danger to the church , it was undoubtedly cen- 597 surable . But that had been disclaimed , and he hoped , that the negation was well-founded . But much of the cry arose from an attachment to the established church , and an opinion that no further concessions ought to be made . Wherever that motive prevailed , he respected the cry , and he thought that it had afforded additional security to the established church , which , notwithstanding what