sense of their constituents as to their conduct . But the law never intended that both of these prerogatives should be exercised at one and the same time , and with reference to each other . It was never in the contemplation of the constitution of this country , that parliament should be dissolved simply 778 to accommodate a change in administration . This would be to consider parliament not as a controul on the conduct of government , but as an appendage to it , to be dissolved and changed to suit the different aspects which it might assume . The unjustifiable measures which might be adopted , would , in such a view of the case , be objects of little consideration to those by whom they were recommended . Having by the influence of the crown got a parliament to their mind , they had only to begin their career by an act of indemnity for any measure which they might have taken against law , and without necessity . The arrival , of such a period , he must consider as one pregnant with danger . It might be very well to talk of appealing to the sense of the people : what would the community think , however , when informed that there were a number of Boroughs at the disposal of the very persons who advised this dissolution ; and that there were others , the property of , or influenced by , a number of individuals , who , again , were under the influence of the crown ? so that success was in such an appeal next to certain . But , still farther , when they saw the seal of indemnity ready prepared for those who advised the measure , must they not be of opinion that the period was most dangerous ? If any thing could add the the peril of such a situation , it was the state of things at the present moment , so awful , so unprecedented as it must be admitted to be . The only way at such a moment , to insure confidence and respect from the public , was for the government to shew itself prudent , and for parliament to shew itself independent . That house could do much to effect this object . No person could dissolve them . They had it in their power by a single vote to check such an evil . To protect at once the crown and the people , and to make themselves beloved and esteemed . Their lordships might , by .a single vote , shew that they held a balance between the king and . the people ; and might say to the noble lord , : `` You advised the king to dissolve the parliament , and if you have since done an illegal act , for which you had no necessity but the dissolution of parliament , we will not grant you an indemnity for an act , the only necessity for which was of your own creation . '' As to the other part of the question , it had already been so fully and so often argued , that he would not at present detain their lordships any longer . maintained that the 779 proper question now before the house was , whether it was a right thing in ministers to advise his majesty to pass the order in council ? Though ministers might be blameable in advising the dissolution of parliament , still the house was bound to give them indemnity for the act now alluded to , if it could be vindicated . It was not fair by a side-wind to come at a question which he , for one , was ready to discuss and to vindicate openly and fairly . Let the noble lord come forward with a special motion and charge on the subject of the dissolution of parliament , and he should be ready to answer it . The noble and learned lord , while he admitted the excellence of the British constitution , did not seem inclined to trust either the