] . He paid 30 guineas for the writ ; it was what he was asked to pay : he was not repaid , nor did he expect to be . He knew from the beginning , that he was to pay money for the writ , but he did not know how much . He was prepared to pay what should be asked of him . On a question from the chancellor of the exchequer , he admitted that he had heard there were to have been other candidates , besides those who stood . On being questioned who , he answered . sir Home Popham . His ( Mr. Spurrier 's ) son also was expected to have been a candidate [ a laugh ] . He admitted that he knew of a person who arrived with the most urgent expedition from Ireland , and voted for Mr. Garland . On a question from Mr. Jones , he admitted that his principal reason for getting possession of the writ was , that his son intended to have been a candidate . He did not look for a receipt of the writ , because he relied on the sheriff 's honourable character . Neither the sheriff nor any other person in Poole , knew that he had had the writ , till the proceedings on the present investigation had been the means of letting them into the fact.—Mr . Spurrier having been then ordered to withdraw , said , it had been universally admitted , that some remedy was necessary in the present practice of issuing writs . A remedy was to be proposed by an hon . gent . on the other side ( Mr. Barham ) . Every gentleman would lend his aid to render this remedy more perfect , and when it should have received the concurrence of the other branches of the legislature , he hoped it would be effectual . With respect to the present 976 case , he did not think it would be right to press hard upon the individual , But as it was evident that the obtaining and delaying of the writ , had arisen from some motives not perfectly correct , he thought some animadversion should take place , though he was of opinion that any punishment the house should think proper to inflict , ought to cease , as soon as an opportunity to terminate it should be afforded by petition from the individual . suggested that the first proceeding ought to be a resolution , that Mr. William Spurrier , in unduly detaining the writ for the last election for members to serve in parliament for the county of the town of Poole for 17 days , had been guilty of a breach of the privileges of that house . The question being put on this resolution , felt it was quite impossible to refuse his assent to the resolution , but from the universality of similar practices , of which some instances little short of that now before the house had been communicated to him very recently , he thought the individual now under the animadversion of the house ought to be discharged as soon after his committal as possible . He urged the propriety of adopting a general remedy for the abuse ; such a remedy was essential to the honour and character of the house , in preference to severity in a particular instance . said , an hon . gent . on the other side had proposed to introduce a general remedial measure , which he was sure every gentleman would be ready to support . He intended to move , that Mr. Spurrier be committed to the custody of the serjeant at arms ; and though it was not parliamentary to speak of an understanding to that effect , he was sure , that as soon as a proper submission should be made , the house would give the relief required . urged the propriety of a general remedy , and , with a view to obtain , some information calculated to promote that object , proposed to call in and examine