. Repeated experience has proved the impossibility of effectually blockading the ports of the enemy , notwithstanding the greatest naval superiority ; and when we consider the vast range of coast that is now under their influence—a range which ere long may have no other limits than those of Europe itself , it is evident that we may be threatened at the same moment from so many different points , that it will be more difficult than ever to watch them all , and that thus the chances are greatly increased , of the enemy being able to convey an armament to the most vulnerable points of our empire . Our ablest admirals have repeatedly seen the French fleets escape from them , even when their whole vigilance was directed to the single port of Brest : But what would be the case , if armaments were ready at the same time in Cadiz , in Ferrol , in 1125 Rochefort , in Brest , in Cherbourg , in Flushing , in the Texel , in the Elbe , and perhaps even in Norway ? What rational hope could be entertained that some one or other of them would not escape , and land either in England or in Ireland a force sufficient to put the existence of our empire on the hazard of the die ? —But why , my lords should I speak of armaments that are yet to be prepared ? Have we forgotten that the enemy have already a most formidable one in full readiness , that they have only again to fill the camp of Boulogne to give us the most serious ground of alarm * ? It may be admitted that the embarkation of an army to pass the channel , while our navy continues as superior as it now is , must be a hazardous undertaking ; but we have every reason to believe that the attempt will be made in spite of every hazard . We know that our enemies are not very tender of the lives of their men ; and though they were certain of the loss of one half of their army , they would not scruple on that account , it with the other half they can hope to accomplish their object . With such determination on their side , and taking into account the number of accidental circumstances which may favour their attempt , what are we to think of the blindness of those , who affect to treat this as a danger against which there is no need of guarding ? —Three years ago , when the French armies occupied the camp of Boulogne , our wisest statesmen were sensible that invasion was no empty threat , and England was all alive to the danger . Yet in comparison with the present time the danger was inconsiderable . The ruler of France , it he had then made the attempt , would have staked the existence of his power on the success of the enterprise . His authority in France was ill secured ; his enemies without were formidable . He had unequivocally pledged himself to lead the expedition in person ; and even if he had not , * It has been the fashion to treat the preparations of the enemy in that quarter as a subject of derision : but some of the ablest of our naval officers have considered them in a very different light . Some details as to the nature and powers of the flotilla might here be stated , upon authority of the first eminence , and they are withheld only from prudential considerations , and from the apprehension that information might thereby be conveyd to the enemy . Were it not for this restraint , these particulars might be sufficient to convince the most sceptical of the danger of immediate invasion , perhaps in the very face of our fleet , but at least under circumstances , the occurrence of which could not be prevented by the utmost vigilance on the part of our commanders . 1126 the undertaking was too great to be delegated . An unfortunate result