but he could speak more particularly to the county of Wexford . At this moment of public danger , public men ought to suspend their bickerings , to unite their efforts to save the country—and not be , like the Greeks , disputing on matters of faith , with the enemy at their gates . considered the present crisis as pregnant with the greatest dangers ; but he did not express himself so from fear , but from a conscientiousness of our having great exertions to make . He spoke not as a person having any particular local feeling or interest , but as feeling an equivalent interest for every part of the kingdom . The imputation of personal or factious motives , at such a crisis , was beneath any senator in that house to answer , or to attempt to vindicate himself from . Such grovelling sentiments he disdained to notice . The noble secretary of state had admitted the dissolution as entering into the question of the propriety of the conduct of the ministers . He had stated , that the American vessels could not come but by indulgence . But , was not all the money so raised , raised contrary to law ? The raising of this money under such circumstances , foreseen by ministers when they projected the dissolution , was , under all its consequences , a very important consideration ; and such practices were among the chief causes of the glorious battles fought for the country , in the reign of Charles I. , in parliament . It was not merely to rescue us from enormous taxation , that such practices were opposed , but it was to preserve the constitution of king , lords , and commons : it was , in fact , to insure the sitting of parliament . He then proceeded to combat the arguments of the noble and learned lord , in favour of the necessity of the dissolution , upon which he animadverted . warmly . 783 That noble and learned lord , he believe from all he had heard , was , in the practice of the law , very learned ; but as a constitutional lawer , and a statesman , there was no unlearned peer in that house whose opinion he would not as soon take ; no unlearned Englishman , or foreigner , whom he would not as soon consult on the subject of our constitution . Such perversion of facts such misrepresentation of statements , and of the whole constitutional history of the country , he had never heard , as from the noble and learned lord . The inconvenience of outstepping the law of the land , in raising money , was one of the many inconveniences , and one of the charges consequent upon the recent dissolution . Did the noble lords opposite mean to say , that what they called the improper conduct of the minorities in both houses of parliament , was a sufficient reason for that premature dissolution ? Was it a sufficient reason that a strong minority disapproved of the manner of their coming into office ? But he would tell these noble lords , who were no friends to a reform in the representation of the people , of which reform the noble lord took care to declare himself an enemy , but to which he ( Lord Holland ) had been and still was , with certain qualifications , a friend that such measures tended greatly to degrade parliament in the eyes of the country . He thought this consequence too plain to be denied . It was impossible to understand the king 's speech but as an appeal on the Catholic question , as it was called . The noble and learned lord had gravely told the house that it was necessary to carry the dissolution immediately . Why ? Because four or five days more might have spoiled all the hopes of ministers from the `` recent events , '' and have destroyed all the good effects of the garbled extracts from confidential papers . This was , truly , necessity