it was not their intention to overturn and do away every thing which had been adopted on this head by their predecessors in office ; and , secondly , because they could not possibly foresee the disastrous events which had lately taken place on the continent ; and from a hope and expectation that they would not have happened , had flattered themselves the war might have been so much longer protracted , that such a measure would not be so immediately and indispensably necessary as recent unfortunate events had rendered otherwise . It was impossible for his majesty 's present ministers to have protracted the late warfare ; but , perhaps , if assistance had some months before been afforded , there might have been a chance of that event having been produced ; as it was , there remained only a choice of evils ; and he believed that the choice now made was that of the least of those which now presented themselves . The ruler of the French had now made peace with all those powers on the continent with which he had been engaged in war , and we had to contend with his whole force , concentrated and directed against this country . In fact , the greatest part of the continent of Europe were against us ; and surely the house would not hesitate to say , that this was such an exigency as called for a very considerable augmentation of our force ? As that was granted , the next question was , whether it was not necessary 949 to have part of it a disposeable force ? A great mistake seemed to have been made by several gentlemen who had spoken on this head , and who had seemed to consider a disposeable force only in the light of a force to be used in foreign offensive operations . They seemed to forget that we had many possessions abroad which must require troops to defend them . Since the present war broke out , we had gained the Cape , and possessions in South America ; a part of our force was detached to Alexandria and other places , which required , and would require , troops for the purpose of keeping them , he would not say in perpetuity , but in order to purchase what the hon . gent . who spoke last had so warmly expressed himself desirous of , an honourable peace . He war one of those who so far concurred in opinion with the hon . gent . that peace was always desirable ; but he begged the house to recollect , that in order to obtain that on fair and honourable terms , it would be necessary to shew the enemy that we were prepared , at all points , to carry on the war ; and that nothing would ultimately produce that desirable event more successfully , than being able to shew him that we were in a state to cope with him , not only at home , but in every quarter of the globe where we had foreign possessions . Those possessions had many of them devolved on his majesty 's present ministers , from plans and operations originating with their predecessors in office ; though he did not mention this with a view of giving any opinion on the propriety or otherwise of those plans , but merely to shew that the country was at this time so situated , as to require a much larger disposable force than it had a twelvemonth ago . This being the case , which he thought would scarcely be denied , the question was , what was the best mode that could be devised or adopted , of obtaining a large force of that description in a short time ? He thought there could be but one opinion , that the measure of his noble friend , now under the consideration of the house , was best adapted to this purpose ; for it gave immediately a very large addition to our army , of troops already disciplined , and which would be