system which would consecrate abuse and reign only by arbitrary power . As to the effects of such a system , he must be allowed to state an axiom which had been agreed upon at all times , and by all the eminent persons who had ever written or spoken upon political economy—this axiom was , that a state would sooner recover from the effects of war , and conflagration , and general devastation , provided the period which should ensue should be one in which such a state should have full advantages of excellent laws and excellent government—than a state which had not been afflicted by such calamities , but had habitually groaned under bad government , restrictive laws , or commercial and civil liberty , during a period of unprofitable monotonous peace . To illustrate this axiom , he had only to look to the history of Ireland during the period of the two last centuries and he was constrained to give the preference to the former century , although disturbed and afflicted by frequent wars , over the last century , although a period of profound peace . Here he took a view of the state of Ireland from queen Elizabeth 's reign to the year 1698 , when the woollen trade was destroyed , and the articles of Limerick infringed , proving how much Ireland had comparatively flourished when laws had been passed in favour of commercial and civil liberty , though in a most disturbed pe- 1209 riod : and how low she had been since , owing to such restrictive laws , up to 1799 , when she recovered her trade . He earnestly recommended the people of Ireland always to look to the period of the glorious æra of 1782 , and not to the disgraceful one of 1798 ; in the one they obtained their liberties—in the other they lost them ; that they should follow Mr. Grattan 's advice , and pursue legitimate objects by legitimate means.—With regard to that intolerable grievance , the present tithing system , he anticipated objections on the part of the chancellor of the exchequer , on the score of danger to the church , by meddling with church property . But this had been done already by lord Castlereagh , who had brought in a bill at the time of passing the act of Union , exempting pasture lands from the payment of tithe of agistment , as it was called—a most invidious and oppressive exemption.—It was impossible to argue more at length , when the gentlemen opposite would not condescend to notice any observations from his side of the house—there was nothing for him to refute . He concluded by giving his warm support to Mr Sheridan 's motion . thought the disturbances in Ireland were to be imputed solely to an ill-judged system of misrule in that country . The Irish had been long asking , not so much for the rights of the constitution , as the rights of nature . As to a French party in Ireland , he not only believed that there was a French party , but that there ever had been a French party there , and , was it wise to give that party strength by the refusal of concessions , to which the population of Ireland had so just a claim ? At the same time , he did not mean in the least degree to call in question the propriety of the late two bills—the Insurrection and the Arms bills . It had been satisfactorily proved to every individual in that house , that there was an existing necessity in Ireland for the enactment of those measures , on the great and incontrovertible authority of his right hon . friend upon his left hand ( Mr. Grattan ) . He had stated , that there was a French party in Ireland , and that those measures were necessary ; if his right hon . friend had not information to be relied on with respect to Ireland , he ( Mr. Windham ) did not know who had ; and if the same character had