be unanimously acceded to , but he called on the gentlemen opposite who had quitted the helm of state , to feel for the situation of the country . The people were duly sensible of the justice of the cause in which the country were engaged , and he had no doubt that they would cheerfully submit to the sacrifices that would be necessary for the prosecution of it . He trusted their . efforts might be effectually directed to secure the advantages which we already possessed , and to enable us successfully to oppose that system of aggression which threatened the downfal of every independent state in Europe . In this object all parties were equally interested . Our country was at stake ; and he trusted that but one opinion could exist with regard to the exertions necessary for its defence.—The Speaker having read the Address , declared , that before he required of the gentlemen opposite , some exposition of their opinions as to the situation of the country at home and abroad , and something in explanation of those—what should , he call them ? charges and insinuations ; there were in His Majesty 's Speech itself , as well as in the speeches of the gentlemen opposite , and particularly of the last , passages so extraordinary , that even in this stage of the debate , he could not defer calling the attention of the house to them , arid demanding the justice , which his majesty 's late ministers had a right to claim , namely ; that if those passages were meant as charges , they should be fairly brought forward ; that if as insinuations , they should be made clear . The noble lord by whom the address wan proposed , and the hon . gent . by whom it was seconded , had concluded their speeches in the same way in which his majesty 's speech concluded—and here once for all he begged to be considered as deeming his majesty 's speech the speech of the Ministers by whom it was advised , and who alone were responsible for its contents ; and , however severe the expressions which he might find it his duty to use on this subject , he trusted they would not be miscon- 615 strued into any thing derogatory from that respect which , as a faithful subject of the king , and which as possessing a perfect confidence in his virtues , he was always ready to pay . But the noble lord and the hon . seconder had concluded their speeches as his majesty 's speech concluded , by calling for unanimity . In one point alone he feared that he could agree with them . He agreed with them that there never was a more awful crisis ; that the country was never in greater danger ; and that there never was a greater call for unanimity and co-operation , if unanimity and co-operation could be obtained : but , at the time when they called for unanimity , they followed closely the , example of the speech , or rather of the ministers by whom that speech was advised . While the word unanimity was on their lips , they introduced topics , which must necessarily produce division . They had called the attention of the house to the late dissolution of parliament , and both bad contended , that the power of dissolving parliament was an indisputable prerogative of the crown , given for the advantage of the subjects ; but neither of these gentlemen had stated that this , like every other prerogative , was subject in its exercise to be considered by parliament . The noble lord had commenced by saying , that he would not allude to the circumstances that led to the late dissolution of parliament ; but in the progress of his speech he forgot this determination ; he had stated , that the measures which produced ; the dissolution had imperiously called on his majesty to step forward in defence of the Protestant establishment . The hon . seconder had gone more at