collection of the Assessed Taxes . As the bill was to lie over for consideration till the next session , he did not think it necessary to trouble the house , by entering into its details . One particular alteration in the existing practice he thought it necessary to notice . This was to divide the duties of the commissioners , and transfer them , so far as they were ministerial , to the subordinate officers . With respect to the collection of the taxes , it was intended , as no man could object to the payment of the taxes incident to the return he should give in , to authorise the collection of the taxes to that amount immediately leaving the taxes upon surcharges to abide the decisions upon the questions arising out of them . There was at present this evil , that the collection of the taxes , so far as they were certain and unquestionable , as they were on the returns made by the individuals taxed , was suspended , till the validity of the surcharges , which-were uncertain , was decided . He thought it necessary to point out this material alteration to particular attention , preparatory to the further consideration in the ensuing session . wished a remedy could be provided for the great grievances that arose out of surcharges . The difficulty of finding redress in cases of vexatious surcharge was often very great , and sometimes it amounted to an absolute impossibility . He had himself obtained redress of such surcharges made upon him , but it was with great difficulty ; and in some similar instances he knew several other persons to have totally failed . believed , that the commissioners of taxes did every thing in their power to a facility of decision in cases of appeals on surcharge , and redress in cases of vexatious surcharge ; but if any means of greater facility on these heads could be pointed out , he should be happy to give his aid in carrying it into effect . was afraid that the time was fast approaching when the officers in that department would necessarily be filled by men in the pay of government . He did not throw this Out invidiously , but certainly the abuses of the present mode of estimating and collecting the property tax was liable to and might ultimately render the tax itself not 1071 only intolerable , but not fit to be borne by the people . The fact was , that the majority of those officers were ever anxious to detect deficient estimates , not for the purpose of making the tax more productive to the nation , but that they might have their own share out of the surcharge . said , it was not intended to take away the powers now exercised by the commissioners ; but merely to authorise the collection of the undisputed duties on the returns originally made , without awaiting the decision of the commissioners on the duties contested in the way of surcharge on appeal . It was impossible to obtain the supervision which was frequently necessary without allowing some interest to the person who detected the fraud ; but when the surcharge was groundless the commissioners were always ready to afford relief , and when it was vexatious , to inflict punishment . was glad to hear that the bill was to be printed , so that members might be able to peruse it before next session . He hoped , however , that while pains were taken to make people understand the law by which they were taxed , they would also find that the payment of taxes was made easier to them . Of what utility , he would ask , were those numerous reports which were laid before the house , of every kind , if they were not acted upon for the public benefit ? He hoped therefore that ministers would see to these things , before next session . As the representative of a large industrious city , he could say for his constituents , that they were ready to