by moving , that leave be given to bring in a bill to amend so much of the 32d and others of the king as relates to the granting and withholding licences from ale-house keepers , & c. had no objection to the motion , but did think that the right hon . gent . should have distinctly stated the instances of cruel and grinding oppression he had in such very strong terms complained of . If any of the magistracy had been guilty of such a breach of their duty , it might be made the subject of a criminal action . He could not approve of the line of distinction the right hon . gent . seemed to draw between the magistracy.—After a few words between Mr. S. Bourne , the . Marquis of Titchfield , and Mr. A. Cooper , the motion was agreed to . On the order of the day , for the further consideration of this bill , argued against the principle of the bill , and thought that the militia had many advantages over the regulars . The man that was good at the foil , could not be unskilful at the sword ; and he thought the illustration applied well to the . militia . The latter was a more settled and compact force , and were less liable to the ill effects of a constant succession of new officers , than the regular , forces . The hon . gent . dwelt on the importance of uniting , as much as possible , the character of the soldier and the citizen . The militia force was a most constitutional body , and ought not by any means to be discouraged , as would be done by the present bill . He must also object to it as going obliquely to undermine the system of military service introduced last year by his right . hon . friend , while it was not directly and manfully brought under the consideration of the house . rose and said : In this late stage of the important subject now before the house , I beg leave to trouble it for a short time . I am one of those that voted for the measures proposed by his majesty 's ministers , not that . I thought them complete for the purpose , or that they were the best that might have been devised , but because , after having considered every thing that has been thrown out on the different sides of the house , ( who all agree in the end although they differ as to the means ) I thought this mode preferable , from a persuasion that as it was apparent a large deficiency must exist for some time in our military , establishments , it was the interest of our country , under the present exigency , the deficiency should be thrown on the militia , rather than on our regular force ; both on the probability of that deficiency , being sooner filled up with trained soldiers , applicable to every purpose , than by any other mode proposed ; and again , on the probability of that deficiency in the militia , being made good in an easier and more economical manner , than it would be if it existed in the troops of the line . The length to which this session has been protracted , by the circumstances which have occurred , may , perhaps , justify the officers of government in not proposing to this house at present further measures , which possibly might retard this measure , which promises expeditiously a great increase of that force of the country adapted either to offensive or defensive operations . As government has the best means of judging how far the danger may be more or less imminent , on them 1053 lies the responsibility of thinking no more need be done in the present session . However inconvenient a further attendance might be , that inconvenience would plead but little , should any injury to our country take place , which might have been prevented by further