ordered liberation of this gentleman , either to refer the petitions back to the committee , or to take the subject into their grave and serious consideration . declared , that the committee had entered upon this subject with feelings as allied to the foulness of the case , as could possibly be entertained . If the allegations of the petitions were proved against Mr. Mills , he thought that no hon . member ought to sit in the house with him ; but he also thought , that , circumstanced as they were , the committee could do no more than they had done . Although he was of opinion that it would be better to consider this subject 746 * generally , yet if it was deemed adviseable to take it up particularly , he would go as far as any man to rescue the house from the imputations that might otherwise be cast upon it . deprecated any interference with the privileges of the house on this single case . If it could be proved that Mr. Mills had procured his election for fraudulent purposes , that would be a fit subject for the consideration of an election committee . He thought that Mr. Mills had been rather hardly treated , in having such grave accusations urged against him in his absence , when he was unable to reply to them . declared , that it was impossible not to approve the conduct of the committee , in refraining from entering into the allegations of the petitions . Mr. Mills 's letter had been referred to them to ascertain the facts which it contained , and not to consider the law dependant on those facts which had never been questioned . Even had such a special report been made , as was wished for by an hon . gent .. , and had the allegations been found proved , still the house must have granted the privilege . What the law was , and what it ought to be on revision , were too very different considerations . On this subject he would at present say , that it would require some very strong arguments to induce him to believe that the public convenience and advantage would be promoted by the abandonment of this privilege of parliament , although he was aware that in some cases it was productive of private injury . Neither could he agree with the hon . gent . ( Mr. Barham ) that , if it could be proved that an election was procured for fraudulent purposes , such election must become void . If the charge against Mr. Mills , with the aggravating circumstances attending , could be substantiated ( which , in justice to that gentleman , he must remark had not hitherto been done ) , it might amount to a question of expulsion ; but even in that case , it would be proper that the accused should be within the walls to defend himself and his seat . spoke on the same side . He said the privileges of the house were the privileges of the people . Some of the most illustrious members of that house had been known to be in very poor circumstances ; and if it were not for this privilege of freedom from arrest in civil suits , it would be in the power of any administration , by buying up the debts of a person who was so unfortunate as to be in that predicament , to 747 * immure any man of the first rate talents , and deprive the country of his abilities in that house . observed that this was not a law , but a privilege of parliament , which it might dispense with or not , as it thought proper . Therefore , though the house should give it up in this case , it by no means followed that it must do so in other cases . If fraud was proved , the guilty person ought not to be allowed to take advantage of his own wrong . The committee were perfectly right in their