to his majesty 's person and government , but also to those sound constitutional principles , expressed , as they have been , in the many loyal and dutiful addresses presented at the foot of the throne . The country , sir , has , beyond all question , shewn its determination to support his majesty in the exercise of the rightful prerogatives of the crown , and in his efforts to withstand every unconstitutional innovation . Need I advert , sir , in support of nay argument , to that recent instance of his patriotism , to that paternal solicitude and regard for the best interests of his Protestant subjects , which has endeared him to 610 us more than any other act of his long eventful reign ? While this , sir , is yet fresh in our recollection , can this house withhold its tribute of gratitude to him , for having thus approved himself as the watchful guardian of our constitutional rights , and as the faithful and patriot sovereign of a loyal and affectionate people ? —His majesty , having expressed to us his solicitude to cultivate among his allies on the continent that mutual good understanding and confidence so essential to the success or the common cause , next calls our attention to his ineffectual attempt to mediate between Russia and the Porte , and to the hostilities with the latter power , in which it has been the necessary cause of involving him . He laments , as we have all to lament , in two unfortunate instances , the failure or the gallant efforts of his navy and army , and the loss of so many of his brave and valuable subjects . These reverses are I trust , but partial and temporary ; and it would be in vain to hope for uninterrupted success , in so extensive a scale of military operations , as that in which we are engaged . His majesty next appeals to the loyalty and zeal of his faithful commons , for their furnishing such farther supplies , as may be necessary for the public service ; and expresses his conviction of the necessity of a careful and economical administration of them . I am willing to flatter myself , and moreover to believe , that the same laudable principle will influence the conduct of his majesty 's confidential servants ; and am happy to hear , that those inquiries into the public expenditure , which were prosecuted in the last parliament , will be revived in this . I shall now , sir , detain the house no longer with my observations , than while I make a remark on the conclusion of his majesty 's speech . He calls on us to cherish among ourselves a spirit of union and harmony ; and when , I would ask , was ever such a suggestion more seasonable , or more impressive ? We have still an arduous conflict to sustain , we have to withstand and counteract the hostility of a powerful , inveterate , and rancorous foe ; and have surely need of all our united energies for the attainment of a secure and honourable peace . I shall conclude with moving , `` That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , humbly thanking his majesty for the most gracious speech which the lords commissioners have read by his majesty 's command : to return his majesty our cordial thanks for having , in conformity to his declared intention , caused the present parliament to be assembled without loss of time , after having deem- 611 ed it expedient , at so important a moment , to recur to the sense of his people : to express our sincere satisfaction at hearing that , since the events which led to the dissolution of the last parliament , his majesty has received , in numerous Addresses from his subjects , the warmest assurances of their affectionate attachment to his person and government , and of their firm resolution to support him in maintaining the just rights of his crown , and the true