to the result of their deliberations . They were called upon to discuss subjects of the utmost consequence ; .and by their wisdom and judgment to give effect and direction to the exertions of the people , as well as to secure and augment their constitutional rights . They were also called upon to express their sense of the firmness with which , under peculiar difficulties , his majesty had asserted the just rights of the constitution , and of those establishments which were the foundation of our civil and religious liberties . The prerogative which his majesty had recently exercised , was one of the most important that belonged to the crown ; and the propriety of its exercise could be estimated only by a deliberate consideration of the necessity , by which it was demanded . Under a due sense of political and religious considerations , his 613 majesty felt himself compelled firmly to combat those whom he had but lately called to his councils , and to oppose his veto to the measures which they were desirous of introducing . But this was , not all ; it had been said in another place , that the king could have no conscience , but what was in the keeping of his Confidential ministers . What monstrous conclusion was to be drawn from this extraordinary assertion ! The voice of the people had been sufficiently expressed by the general concurrence , which dictated addresses to his majesty from every part of the kingdom . The measure proposed by the late administration was uncalled for , and unwise . Uncalled for , because it had been lately discussed , and rejected by a large majority of parliament ; unwise , because it tended to raise hopes which could not be realized . The refusal of his majesty to accede to this measure prevented the gradual abolition of those land-marks in the constitution , Which were necessary to its existence . In this country there must be religious distinction , and the catholics must be contented with the share of political power which they now enjoyed : and , therefore , by the measure which they proposed , the late ministers lost the confidence of the king , nod as it immediately appeared , forfeited the approbation of the house . His majesty had since had recourse to the abilities of those , who had been intimately connected with that great statesman Mr. Pitt , whom he could not but consider as the only pilot to other ministers ; that man who , amidst all the dangers by Which he was surrounded , rose in firmness in proportion to the exigencies of the times , and left that constitution which he loved and protected ; unimpaired by the attacks of either foreign or domestic foes . To those who long fought under his banners , the country must now look for direction . They had advised his majesty to refer to the general sense of the people , in order that they might present themselves to the enemy as possessing the confidence of a brave nation and to the allies of Great Britain , as ready to afford them the necessary support . By the promptitude of their measures they had already shewn themselves adequate to the duty in which they had been engaged . By such measures alone could effect be given to any negotiation which might lead to a successful termination of the present contest . Yet notwithstanding all that he asserted , the dissolution of the last parliament had been attributed to the earnest desire of his majesty 's ministers , to 614 smother the labours of the Committee of Finance ; but his Majesty 's speech proved that they were as much interested in the continuance of that committee , as the gentlemen opposite . So far from wishing to smother it , they advised his majesty to applaud the institution of it by the last parliament , and to recommend that it should be renewed by the present . Under all these circumstances , he was not sanguine enough to expect that this address would