. The importance of the circumstances that led to the dissolution were more than sufficient to counterbalance the private inconveniences . It was the great public interest that was to be consulted , and not private convenience . The noble lord was mistaken in supposing that any standing order was violated , or that the usual notice to parties was infringed upon . The standing order relative to notices required that they should be given at the Michaelmas , or in the August and September preceding the session in which the bill was to be brought in . The Michaelmas , the August , and the September that preceded the last session , were also the Michaelmas , August , and September preceding this , and therefore the same notice answered for the bills to be now brought in , The same construction had been put on the law of notices in the year 1784 , and in the year 1800 , in the first session of the United Parliament following the short session of the British parliament . He thought it rather a strange way of strengthening the argument derived from the inconveniences attending the dissolution , to refuse to alleviate those inconveniences . in explanation , vindicated himself from the imputation of being disposed to add to the inconveniences arising from the dissolution , which he had every wish to remedy , so far as that could be done without creating public mischief . He denied the application of the precedents of 1784 and ,1800 , in the most material circumstances . No resolution , like the present , had been then adopted . objected to the resolution , as going to substitute written evidence for paroie evidence , with the power of personal examination . said , the committees were to be at liberty to call for parole evidence whenever they might think it necessary . He thought the house could by its own power obviate the difficulties touching the fees in every instance : for though the fees were , in some instances , appropriated by act of parliament , 674 they were levied only by a resolution of the house , which the house could dispose of according to its pleasure . allowed that the power of the house might extend as far as the hon . gent . stated ; but it would not , perhaps , be right , after the house had passed an act of approbation , to withdraw , the sums to be appropriated.— After a few words from Mr. Bastard and sir J. Anstruther against the motion , Mr. Shaw Lefevre moved , that the debate be adjourned till to-morrow . This produced a short discussion between the chancellor of the exchequer , lord Howick , Mr. W. Smith , Mr. C. Wynne , and Mr. C. Dundas , in which it was contended , on the one hand , that there were no grounds , and on the other , that there were ample grounds for such a postponement . Upon which the house then divided : For the adjournment 76 . Against it 164 . The resolution was then put and carried . entertaining still the same opinion that he had from the beginning , relative to the conduct of marquis Wellesley in the Oude transaction , moved , that the several Papers ordered with a view to the accusation and defence of the noble Marquis on that charge in the last session , be again laid before the house . said , it must be equally the wish of all persons , as well those who disapproved of the administration of the noble marquis , as those who thought like him , that it was the brightest period of the British history in India ; that as well on public as on private grounds , these charges so long pending should be brought to a decision as speedily as possible . As those who had been in the last and the preceding parliament , must have already made themselves masters of all the documents ; and as there were in the vote office a sufficient number