remains to be done to reconcile to their country the great body of the Irish . What has been done was no doubt calculated to do much good , but yet it is to be recollected , that there is a great deal in the manner of doing a thing . There is such a case as conferring a favour without obtaining any acknowledgment—of rendering a service without exciting any gratitude—and such a case may be as making concessions when it is too late . I recommend these considerations to the reflection of ministers . When they and others complain of the discontents of the Irish , they never appear to consider the cause . When they express their surprise that the Irish are not contented , while , according to their observation , that people have so much reason to be happy , they betray a total ignorance of their actual circumstances . The fact is , that the tyranny practised upon the Irish has been throughout unremitting . There has been no 1193 change but in the manner of inflicting it . They have had nothing but variety in oppression , extending to all ranks and degrees of a certain description of the people . If you would know what this varied oppression consisted in , I refer you to the penal statutes you have repealed , and to some of those which still exist . There you will see the high and the low equally subjected to the lash of persecution ; and still some affect to be astonished at the discontents of the Irish ! But with all my reluctance to introduce any thing ludicrous upon so serious an occasion , I can not help referring to a little story which those very astonished persons call to my mind . It was with respect to an Irish drummer , who was employed to inflict punishment upon a soldier . While he was flogging the soldier , the poor fellow , writhing with pain , intreated him to change his mode of lashing him . Sometimes he called to him to strike a little higher , and sometimes a little lower . The drummer endeavoured to accommodate him as far as it was in his power ; but finding it to no purpose , at last cried out , `` Upon my conscience , you are a discontented fellow , for whether I strike high or low , there is no such thing as pleasing you . '' This is precisely the case with respect to Ireland . Notwithstanding the infinite variety of oppression exercised against them , there are still a number of them who are so unreasonable as to be discontented.—As to the conduct which ought to be pursued with respect to Ireland , do not let it be imagined that I should not desire to have a strong armed force in that country . I would have such a force stationed there , much as I rely on the loyalty of the people . But this force should be the protectors and advocates of the people : it should not be placed there to act as executioners , but as a guard of honour upon the constitution , the liberty and the property of the people . I do not wish to have the fate of Ireland entrusted to an inadequate force , particularly at a period when no one can tell the hour at which the enemy may arrive . I wish to have such a force in Ireland , as well as in every other quarter of the empire , as should assure our foreign enemy of the impossibility of success ; and at the same time serve to discourage the operations of domestic enemies , by convincing them that it is in vain to hope—that his prospects and calculations were vain . With this view and object , I would have a large army in Ireland ; and such an army would serve 1194 still more to render the bills I have referred to , quite unnecessary . Because , if invasion or rebellion should take place , the peace of