, or murder of princes excommunicated for heresy , it is universally admitted in the Catholic church , and expressly so declared in the council of Constance , that such doctrine is impious and execrable , being contrary to the known laws of God and nature . '' `` 11 . It is a fundamental truth in our religion , that no power on earth can license men to lie , to forswear or perjure themselves , to massacre their neighbours , or destroy their native country , on pretence of promoting the Catholic cause or religion . Furthermore , all pardons or dispensations granted , or pretended to be granted , in order to any such ends or designs , could have no other validity or effect than to add sacrilege and blasphemy to the above-mentioned crimes . '' The book from which he had read these extracts , the hon . member assured the house , was in as general use and circulation in Ireland , and was held in equal respect and veneration as the Common Prayer Book of England was in this country . He had quoted them for the purpose of shewing , that the Roman Catholics of Ireland did not maintain any principles contrary to the constitution of this country . thought that , in an anomalous government , like that of Ireland , a Protestant government , taking from the large body of the Catholics all the tithes of the country , was at least bound to provide instruction for those Catholics . He thought it most expedient and politic , were it to be argued on that ground alone , that the instruction of the Catholics should be in the hands of the government . Adverting to the doctrines contained in the prayer-book , extracts from which had just been read by an hon . gent. , he contended that if sincere in those doctrines , Catholics were entitled to hold any offices of trust . If they 821 were not supposed to be sincere , it would indeed be unsafe to rely upon them , even in social intercourse . The word `` toleration '' had been very much abused on this subject ; and he protested against the false and unfounded idea which it had been attempted to convey by it , that those granting toleration were superior to those to whom it had been granted . He adverted to the conduct of Catharine de Medecis , two centuries ago , who was herself a most intolerant persecutor , and the author of the massacre of St. Bartholomew ; yet her last advice to her son and successor was , to establish amongst his subjects freedom of religion . She had tried persecution in vain , was convinced of her error , and fully persuaded that differences in religion could never be settled by force . What was now done , was wise and prudent ; and it would be still more wise and prudent , if the present administration would resolve to do the same again , at a future period , and with a better grace . protested against the entertaining of any such belief as that he wished to withhold instruction from the Roman Catholics of Ireland . All he wished to do was , to protect the Protestants against the increased and increasing influence of the priesthood . He confessed he had opposed the extension of this grant during the last parliament . But he now thought it better , as he believed he was the only person in his majesty 's government who had seriously opposed it , to accede to the proposition of his hon . friend , lest his opposition should appear the effect of spleen , in endeavouring to make this the only exception from the acceding to the grants of the last parliament . He believed , however , the present was the first instance in which the house , on the application of the party alone , without any investigation in a committee , had granted such an increase as was proposed during the last parliament . Had the house