money being levied or applied by the crown without the authority of parliament . explained the nature of the operation of the order of council , which in fact raised no new duties , and raised in many instances less duties , in no instance higher than the crown was legally entitled to after the expiration of the act under a former subsisting act . contended that this statement did not alter the nature of the case . By levying lower duties than the crown was legally entitled to , might , in some instances , be levying more money than before , as in the case of prohibitory duties , in which , by lessening the duty , more money might be raised . It was still , therefore , a violation of the principles of the constitution , for which only urgent and imperious necessity could be pleaded , and if the necessity arose out of the late dissolution of parliament , it would still remain for ministers to account for their conduct in advising a dissolution of parliament , without making provision for the legal continuance of an act which they afterwards deemed it necessary to continue without legal authority . defended the expediency of the order of council , but admitted that it might be more adviseable to bring the indemnity as a separate measure before parliament . urged that the order of council only went to carry into effect the last known intentions of the legislature ; similar circumstances had repeatedly happened under almost every government , and in many instances an indemnity had not been applied 666 for . He conceived the motion of the noble lord ( Holland ) was not called for by any circumstances in the present case , which was nothing more than a mere formal violation of the law . observed that the argument of the noble lord ( Harrowby ) did not apply , as it was a matter of great doubt , whether the legislature would again continue the act ; it therefore did not appear that ministers had carried into effect the intentions of the legislature.—Some further observations were made by lords Hawkesbury , Auckland , Holland , Grenvile , Boringdon , the earls of Lauderdale , Roslyn , and the lord chancellor , after which lord Hawkesbury moved the previous question , which was put and carried . wished for some farther information with respect to any subsequent directions for carrying the order of council into effect . said he would make the necessary inquiries . moved for leave to present two bills for the amendment of the Judicature of that part of the united kingdom , called Scotland . His lordship stated , that there was nothing new in his motion , for that these bills were presented pursuant to resolutions passed in a former session , and which resolutions were framed , proposed and passed , with the avowed determination not to take the people of Scotland by surprise , but , on the contrary , to afford the most ample opportunity to that part of the united kingdom to deliberate upon , and maturely to consider the necessity and importance of passing the bills here proposed , without any unnecessary or further delay . If any delay had occurred in the passing of these bills , it was not the fault of the mover of the resolutions , in which it was expressly provided , that these bills should be passed in the present session , as their great and expedient advantages were called for , upon the admitted defects and insufficiency of the present mode of administering justice in Scotland . The titles of these bills were , a bill for the Amelioration of the Administration of Justice in Scotland , in certain Civil Causes , by the trial by Jury ; and a bill for the better regulating the court of session in Scotland . stated , that he was a friend to the principles of these bills , but that great difficulties having occurred in some of the clauses therein , he had proposed another bill , which he