unpleasant necessity of clearing the bar . He wished it to be under stood , that nothing but an imperious sense of duty could induce him to move for the exclusion of strangers . [ Here there was a cry of order ! ] He was aware that he was not altogether in order , but he was unwilling that the public should conceive that he wished to conceal from them any proceeding but such as a due regard for their own interests and safety required to be kept secret.—On Iris lordship 's motion , the house was ordered to be summoned for Monday . On the motion of Mr. Jeffery , the house proceeded to the further consideration of the enquiry into the causes of the detention of the writ for holding the late election at Poole.—Mr . Jonathan Brundrett being in attendance , pursuant to an order of the house , was called in and examined . He stated that he was a solicitor , acting as clerk to Mr. Lowten : that immediately after he had taken out the writ from the crown-office , he had handed it over to a gentleman who he expected would have forwarded it with , all possible expedition . 839 He professed the most respectful deference for the authority and privileges of the house , and declared , that if he had offended against either , it was altogether without intention . On being questioned more than once from whom he had received the writ , he answered , from Mr. Stainforth of the crown office . On being questioned as to the person by whom he had been employed to take out the writ , he pleaded his honourable feelings as a bar to his answering , and entreated the indulgence of the house for his silence . On this , Mr. Brundrett was ordered to withdraw . said , that when the situation , education , and character in life , of the witness were considered , his hesitation to answer the question put to him could not be imputed to mere ignorance . But as it did not become the house to take any rigorous step without explanation , he proposed that Mr. Brundrett be again called in , and that the Speaker should explain to him , that the house could not allow the ground he had laid down for refusing to answer the question put by its anthority.—Brundrett being again called in , informed him , that the house did not admit the excuse he had offered , and repeated the question to him two or three times , by whom he had been employed to take out the writ ? Mr. Brundrett persisted in declining to answer the question , and threw himself upon the indulgence of the house . saw no option for the house in the contumacy of the witness , but to commit him to the custody of the serjeant at arms . suggested , that the first question to be put was , that Jonathan Brundrett , having refused to answer the question put to him by the authority of the house , was guilty of a high breach of privilege.—A resolution to this effect having been put , was agreed to , nem . con . said , that as the house had so unanimously declared its sense of the offence committed against its authority , by the refusal of the witness to answer , it remained for him only to follow up the unanimous resolution of the house by the usual motion in such cases . He therefore moved , that Jonathan Brundrett be , for his said offence , committed to his majesty 's gaol of Newgate . suggested , that it might he a sense a professional duty towards the person who had employed him , that had 840 caused the silence of tie witness : the courts of law allowed great latitude in this respect , and though the witness might have erroneously applied the principle here , some consideration was due to the habitual force of a professional obligation . It was besides a fact