of the service were provided in this respect , and found that a person who contracted for cloathing the marines , did so at a rate greatly lower than that charged for cloathing the invalids . He sent for this person and found that his charge was only 1l . 1s . 6d per suit , whereas the charge then made for cloathing the invalids , was 1l . 7s . 9d . It turned out , however , that there was more lace on the cloaths of the Veteran Battalions than the contractor had been aware , he therefore increased his estimate to 1l . 3s . Having ascertained this , the right hon . gent . next sent for the person accustomed to cloath the Veteran Battalions , telling him that his wish was not to change any tradesmen , if they could continue to serve the public on nearly the same terms with others . He stewed to this gentleman ( Mr. Dickie ) the suit of cloaths , furnished by the person to whom he ( Mr. R. ) had applied , whose name was Courtney , and asked if he ( Mr. D. ) was willing to serve government agreeably to that pattern , for 1l . 3s. ? Mr. Dickie replied he could not , and that if 718 he ( Mr. R. ) could get any person to contract with him on such terms , it would be wrong in him not to close with the offer . After the pattern suits had been approved of , Mr. Rose did give Mr. Courtnay the orders , and some of the battalions were served by him . When he wished , however , to deliver to the noble lord ( Temple ) 2000 suits which had been prepared , they were refused to be accepted of , on the ground that they were of bad quality , of bad workmanship , and too scanty . In the mean time the noble lord again applied to a Mr . Box , who was a partner of Mr. Dickie , and received an estimate from him , not indeed as he had formerly charged , amounting to 1l . 7s . 9d . but to 1l . 4s . 9d , being , however , 1s . 9d . Per suit more than those furnished by Mr. Courtnay , It appealed from the minutes in the office , that this change had been made in consequence of complaints that the cloathing was of bad quality , bad workmanship , & c. and that letters had accordingly been written to the commanding officers of the different battalions who had been served by Mr. Courtnay , inquiring if the fact was so ? The answers to this inquiry had not been produced ; and it was of the suppression of them that Mr. Rose complained . He proceeded to read these letters , as they were to be found in the office , and stated , that so far from supporting the truth of the complaints made against the quality of the cloth and workmanship furnished by Mr. Courtnay , they uniformly proved his articles to be better , in these respects , than they had been for several years . The only fault they had , was that they were small , and under the general size ; a fault which was immediately remedied . So , therefore , the minute in consequence of which the contract with Mr. Courtnay was set aside , and that with Mr . Box entered into , was unsupported by evidence , and proceeded on a false allegation . This might , in his opinion , become no improper subject of inquiry for the Committee of Finance , or the Commissioners of Military Inquiry . All , however , that he now wished to move for was that the letters from the commanders of the battalions as to the quality of the cloaths furnished should be laid before the house . He concluded by moving for Copies of all Minutes , Letters , & c. relative to the Cloathing of the