they resorted to this profligate and corrupt exercise of the prerogative . The noble lord observed , that the king 's speech contained an intimation of an intention to revive the Committee of Finance ; but this passage in the speech he considered as a kind of lure for public credulity , and inserted solely to catch the vulgar eye ; for what reformation or improvement of any kind could be expected from ministers whose first act on coming into power was the introduction into his majesty 's councils of a person stigmatized and pronounced guilty of malpractices by the house of commons ? What could be expected , he begged to ask , from ministers who had thus set the authority and decision of parliament at defiance , in order to accomplish their own ends ; quite regardless as the fact had proved , of the substantial interest of the country ? It was truly laughable , if , he could for a moment treat so important a question-with levity , to hear them say that they had appealed to the sense of the country : what make an appeal to the sense of the country , surely ministers must have meant that they appealed to the nonsense of the country , for it was from that chiefly they received support and co-operation . In a few places , they had indeed gained some advantage immediately after the dissolution , from the abomnable cry of `` No Popery , '' but at a time a little more remote from the dissolution of parliament , they failed in most places to accomplish their object , because men began to reflect seriously , and to examine coolly into the nature of the appeal made to the country . It was impossible in a country so distinguished for sound judgment and strong understanding , as this was , that deception could be long practised with success , and accordingly , the first moments of deliberation and enquiry , dissipated the mist of hypocrisy , and exposed to public view the design of ministers.—He begged pardon for trespassing so long on the time of the house , but he could not forego this opportunity of shewing to his constituents and to the nation , the opinion which he entertained of men , whose first act , as he had already stated , was to recall to his majesty 's councils profligacy and corruption . hoped the house would excuse him , if he was unwilling to suffer a moment to pass without replying to what had just fallen from the noble lord . He contended that the acquittal in the impeachment from which lord Melville had not 650 shrunk , left him as clear of imputation , as if he had never been accused . If the tribunal was competent , if the prosecution was not remiss , if the verdict was not incomplete , if there was any thing in English justice , it was that an individual so acquitted could not again be arraigned . He looked upon the , resolution against lord Melville as virtually annulled by his lordship 's acquittal , or he should long since have moved for its erasure from the journals [ a cry of move now , move , from both sides of the house . ] He should move , but that he thought the resolution already annulled . If the noble lord thought otherwise , let him name a day , and he would be ready to go into the question with him upon a resolution of censure upon his majesty 's ministers for the recall . would confine himself entirely to the consideration of what the present ministers had done ; the question of their appointment having been already decided . He would judge his majesty 's ministers by their acts , and the only act of theirs that could come now under consideration was the dissolution of parliament . This act he thought justifiable under the peculiar circumstances of the case , and it was enough for him that it was justifiable , to induce him to vote in favour of