given to smuggling , and to plunder upon the property of West-India merchants , from the moment they entered the river till they were cleared at the custom-house , which existed before those docks were erected : but the importance of those docks to the public would be better estimated by a calculation which he could prove , namely , that before the erection of those docks , the plunder of West-India produce upon the trade in London , amounted to half a million annually , besides the proportionate loss to the revenue . He trusted , therefore , the house would not , upon slight and unexamined grounds , withhold the aid proposed by this bill from an object of such public importance.—The bill was then read a third time , and passed . rose and observed , that he had waited to the last moment in the hope of seeing the right hon . the foreign secretary , in his place , that he might put to him some questions . He could not however , let the present occasion pass by without submitting these questions to the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer . It would be in the recollection of the house that the right hon . gent. , whose absence he had alluded to , had on a former night , in reply to a question put by him , respecting the treaties or engagements with foreign powers , noticed in the speech at the commencement of the session , stated , that he had reason to believe , that he should be authorised to lay those treaties before the house , either the week before last , or last week at 930 farthest . He wished to know , then , when this communication would be made to the house . It was not his intention , however , to press for the communication , unless it could be made without inconvenience to the public service ; but it was natural , in the present state of the session , that he should feel considerable anxiety to have the treaties laid before the house as expeditiously as possible.—He had also another question to ask the right hon . gent. , concerning the very alarming event , of which intelligence had been received , respecting the capture of an American frigate by a British vessel . This event was felt by him , and would be felt by every sober , and reflecting person in the nation , to be in the highest degree alarming . What he wished to ask was , whether any communication had been received by his majesty 's government of the circumstances that had led to this transaction ? Whether the officer concerned had acted upon instructions furnished to him by the government at home , or upon his own feeling of duty or propriety ? And whether it was the in ention of his majesty 's ministers , to make any communication to the house upon the subject ? in the absence of his right hon . friend , would answer the questions of the hon . gent . He assured the hon . member , that it was the intention of his right hon . friend to make the communication , he promised , to-morrow . At the same time he must observe , that his right hon . friend had not intimated , that he would lay a treaty or treaties before the house . The hon . member and the house would recollect , that , in what passed on the former night , his right hon . friend had stated only that the treaty alluded to depended upon a contingency , which contingency , if it should not take place , would render it unnecessary to produce the treaty to the house . With respect to the other question of the hon . gent , he should hope that there would be no necessity to make any communication upon the subject . What he should state at present was , tha as a member of his majesty 's government , he was not