was set on foot in the proper department . The result of that inquiry he should take care to have communicated to the right hon . gent. , and if the case should turn out to be such as the right hon . gent . had described it to be , he had no doubt that ample redress would be granted by remunerating Mr. Morris.—After some farther conversation , Mr. Sheridan with leave of the house withdrew the bill . bill relative to the lodgement of £400 . upon prosecuting an election petition , after some observations from sir Pigott and lord W. Russell against it , and from Mr. T. Jones and Mr. Dent in its favour , produced a division of six to five ; and there not being 40 members present the house adjourned . presented a bill for the better administration of justice in Scotland , the object of which he briefly stated , namely to divide the court of session info two chambers , one consisting of the lord president and 7 judges , and the other of the lord justice clerk and 6 judges . His lordship stated , that he did not wish any proceeding should be had upon the bill this session , but merely that it should be printed and lie over for consideration next session . thought it would be preferable to constitute the 6 justiciary lords of the court of session a court for the trial of jury causes , they being accustomed to trial by jury in criminal cases , and that the other nine judges should constitute a court of equity , with power to send causes for trial by jury into the other court . declined going into the subject at present , but stated , that there were several petitions from different parts of Scotland , ready to be presented in favour of extending the trial by jury to that country.—The bill was read a first time , and ordered to be printed . to call the attention of the house to a subject he said of great importance ; he alluded to the conduct of this country towards neutral powers . After what had passed in America , he thought the subject became of still greater importance , although he was aware that nothing could be said about that event at present . If , however he did not receive a satisfactory answer from ministers respecting the line of conduct intended to be adopted towards states at peace with this country , he should make a motion on the subject , on Thursday , which his lordship read , and the object of which was to recognize the principle of equality and reciprocity in the conduct of this country towards independent States with whom we were at peace.—The lords were ordered to be summoned for Thursday . —The order 1107 of the day being read for the second reading of this bill , observed , that it had been the wish of his majesty 's ministers to have avoided , if possible , proposing any new military measure during the present session , in order that they might have had more experience of the effects of the plan proposed by a right hon . gent . in the other house ( Mr. Windham ) , and adopted by parliament , and which it was their wish should have a fair trial . After , however , the events which had unfortunately occur red , it became incumbent upon ministers to propose some measure for increasing the military force of the country , in order still further to guard against the increased power of the enemy . He did not wish the country to believe , that , whatever had been the dangers of invasion , they were not now increased . Whilst at a former period , if the enemy failed in an attempt to invade our shores , the failure was sure to recoil upon the continent , and environ him with danger there ; and when now , from the unfortunate situation of the continental powers , that expectation could not be