. a year was to procure him another residence ; and now it was said to have been granted , on the general ground of enabling him to restore the land from the injury done by the works . If the sum had been awarded for the rent , it would have been an exorbitant allowance to make an award at the rate of 20l . per acre ; and if for the land , the whole of the compensation ought to go to the tenants . But the hon . baronet in his examination had stated , that the 4001. per annum was to provide another residence for him ; in this view , therefore , the statement did not appear to him to be satisfactory . was surprised at so complete a misunderstanding in so plain a point . The fault he found with his hon . friend , was , that he had carried his delicacy too far in the steps he had taken to justify himself ; unless it could be made out that he had had a corrupt understanding with the Jury , he was not more responsible for their 749 * award than any member of that house . The answer of the hon . baronet to the commissioners was one which he was not bound to give , nor the commissioners authorised to ask , because it was not for him to account for the award of the Jury . The 700l . were awarded to his hon . friend to replace the land in the state in which it was , previous to the construction of the works . But the noble lord forgot that his hon . friend could not get back into possession of his premises , till government should give up the lease.—The question was then put and agreed to . in pursuance of his notice , rose to move , `` that there be laid before the house , an account of all sums of money that had been received for the Sale of Commissions , which at any time became vacant by death , dismission , or in consequence of the promotion of officers , who were not allowed to sell out , from the year 1795 to the present time , specifying the names of the persons by whom paid and received , and the uses to which those sums were from time to time applied , together with receipts which had been given for the same . '' The Secretary at War said , that although he had no objection to the substance of the motion , it must universally be allowed , that the sole disposal of commissions in the army was vested in his majesty , and he doubted whether it were quite proper for the house to inquire into the exercise of this prerogative ; however , as he knew that the illustrious Commander in Chief was exceedingly desirous to give every information on this business , he should not object to the substance of the motion now made . The mode was for military commissions to be presented to his majesty , upon which his majesty 's pleasure was taken , as to filling them up . The purposes for which any commissions were sold , were two-fold , and which shewed that the illustrious commander in chief both studied public economy and the private advantage of individuals , and that at the expence of his own private patronage . The first object in the sale of commissions was for the half-pay fund ; and , secondly , for the relief of families of meritorious officers , who might fall in the service of their country . He particularly instanced the case of colonel Vassal 's widow . The bulk of commissions was generally by purchase , particularly in time of peace ; in time of war there generally remained a number of Vacant appointments , for which no purchasers were to be 750 * found . At the conclusion of the late war there were a number of vacancies for which no ensigns were to be found . It had