disappointment of the efforts of his majesty 's squadron , in the sea of Marmora , and followed , as it has since been , by the losses which have been sustained by his gallant troops in Egypt . —His majesty could not but lament the extension of hostilities in any quarter , which should create a diversion in the war , so favourable to the views of France ; but lamenting it , especially in the instance of a power with which his majesty has been so closely connected , and which has been so recently indebted for its protection against the incroachments of France , to the signal and successful interposition of his majesty 's arms . —His majesty has directed us to acquaint you , that he has thought it right to adopt such measures as might best enable him , in concert with the emperor of Russia , to take advantage of any favourable opportunity of bringing the hostilities in which they are engaged against the Sublime Porte , to a conclusion , consistent with his majesty 's honour , and the interests of his Ally . `` Gentlemen of the House of Commons , His majesty has ordered the estimates of the current year to be laid before you , and he relies on the tried loyalty and zeal of his faithful commons to make such provisions for the public service , as well as for the further application of the sums which were granted in the last parliament , as may appear to be necessary . —And his majesty , bearing constantly in mind the necessity of a careful and economical administration of the pecuniary resources of the country , has directed us to express his hopes , that you , will proceed , without delay , in the pursuit of those inquiries , connected with the public economy , which engaged the attention of the last parliament . My Lords and Gentlemen , `` His majesty commands us to state to you , that he is deeply impressed with the peculiar importance , at the present moment , of cherishing a spirit of union and harmony among his people : such a spirit will most effectually promote the prosperity of the country at home , will give vigour and efficacy to its councils , and its arms abroad ; 579 and can alone enable his majesty , under the blessing of providence , to carry on successfully the great contest in which he is engaged , or finally to conduct it to that termination which his majesty 's moderation and justice have ever led him to seek , peace—in which the honour and interests of his kingdom can be secure , and in which Europe and the world may hope for independence and repose . ' The commmons then withdrew , and the lords adjourned for a short time to unrobe . Having again assembled , his Majesty 's Speech was read by the lord chancellor , and afterwards by the clerk at the table . to move the address . At a crisis like the present , he wished it had fallen to the lot of some noble lord more able and experienced than himself , to move an address to his majesty , he felt himself incompetent to the task and hoped to meet with the indulgence of the house . He did not come forward upon this occasion with any party views , and whilst he disdained to be the servile tool of any administration , so , on the other hand , he was equally inimical to a systematic opposition to the measures of government , whether those measures were injurious or conducive to the public good . Some parts , however , of his majesty 's speech , had struck his mind very forcibly , and upon those he would briefly deliver his opinion . The circumstances which occurred respecting the proposed concessions to the Catholics , and the differences which on that occasion took place between his majesty and his late ministers , rendered it impossible , that those ministers could remain in office , and rendered