Unquestionably not . The noble lord had declared , that the subject was exhausted : this was a considerable assumption on the part of any individual . If the forms of the house , and the state of the session allowed , plenty of new topics of objections would arise to the noble lord 's bill . It was a standing dish . The house might , indeed , cut and come again . Whether any emergency existed , what was its nature , what measures were best calculated to meet it if it existed , whether this was one of those measures ; these were considerations which demanded repeated inquiry . He denied that the number of men gained by the ballot , or rather the difference between that number and the number that would otherwise be gained by the regular recruiting , would in any degree compensate for the mischief that must result from the contest of bounties to the regular recruiting . Adverting to his own measure , he observed , that in the first three mouths of the last year , it had produced at the rate of 11,000 men a year ; in the next three months , at the rate of 13,000 men ; in the next three months , at the rate of 21,000 men ; and in the last three months , at the rate of 24,000 men . Was there any reason for supposing , that this last was just the utmost that the measure could do , and that it would not have gone on increasing ? When this result was considered , as combined with the effects which must have followed putting the Training bill into activity ; the number that a perseverance in its plan must have produced , and regularly produced , would nearly have equalled the number proposed to be raised by the noble lord 's plan , raised by an effort which must palsy all future exertions , After having thus maintained the superiority of his system in raising men , he entered into similar statements with respect to the diminution which it had occasioned , and which , if it had been persevered in , it unquestionably would have occasioned , in the number of desertions . The effect of the noble lord 's plan on the Militia , had been described by the gentlemen who had spoken on that subject . For years to come , the Militia would not recover the blow of the noble lord . If it was once admitted that 1065 we had a right to plunder the Militia , it was a mere mockery to say that a recurrence of the assumed necessity of plunder would not happen . With regard to the Training act , which would be the grand reservoir from which the regular army might be supplied , on the score of some difficulty in the execution , the noble lord proposed to postpone the consideration of it to the next session . What difficulty ? None that he knew of , except the mistake of substituting the Militia lists instead of those originally proposed , the effects of which , however , had in a great measure been removed . He repeated his statements on the subject of the volunteers , and contended , that if , in case of invasion , it were attempted to bring a large body of volunteers to act with the line against some of the best troops in Europe , it would be a most ruinous proceeding , and one which he entered his solemn protest against . He contended this measure would be much more expensive than the former measure , and press as a most unequal tax upon the poor man , who would be ruined by the penalty of twenty pounds whilst his wife and family would be driven upon the parish . Of his own plan it could not be said that any part of it was a job . But when they considered the time , at which the present ministers took measures to court the volunteers , on the eve of a