in which the country was placed ; one equally practicable , and more certain in its results ; and free from the weighty and insuperable objections that attached to the measure now under discussion . To his mind , this would have been an inexpressible relief , proportioned to the reluctance that he felt in appearing to oppose government on such a subject , and at such a moment , when he knew the value of unanimity in that house ; to which unanimity he for one could not contribute but at the expence of every feeling , of every conscientious opinion , of every sentiment of public duty , and indeed without compromising the safety of the empire itself.—It would soon appear that his disapprobation of this measure rested on grounds not only different from , but absolutely opposite to , those which had been stated by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) on the bench above him . Hitherto he had always appeared particularly alive , almost to an extreme , to the dangers to be apprehended from the formidable power of France ; and had , on former occasions been the foremost in recommending the adoption of new exertions , to meet new emergencies . And yet now he could contemplate those dangers , magnified to a degree that might disquiet the stoutest heart ; he could look with a steady eye on those dangers , increased out of all proportion to those of any former period , and could gravely recommend to parliament and to the country , to be content to do nothing—to rest with their arms before them—and to depend exclusively for our security on the operation of those measures , which he , when a minister , had 952 prevailed on parliament to adopt . Of the efficacy , the value , the wisdom of that great measure , the new military system , Mr. A. said , that his right hon . friend would never expect to hear any doubt expressed by him : he ever should think , in full confidence of its successful result , that by it he had built an eternal monument of fame for himself , and had laid the foundation of the future security of the country . He had been one of those who had expressed themselves most sanguine as to its immediate good effects , and still thought , that if proper measures had been taken at an earlier period for the promulgation of the new regulations , as to this moment they had not , its success would have been apparent much sooner , and to a much greater extent . But what had the right hon . projector of it always said on this subject ? Why , that it would take not only months , but years , to bring it to any thing like perfection.—If , therefore , his right hon . friend at all agreed with him as to the magnitude , or the proximity of the danger with which we are threatened , his own recorded opinions of the tardy progress of his own plans , afforded a complete answer to the objections which he now made to the adoption of some auxiliary measures , which would , at least , afford a temporary resource till his own might answer all the purposes for which it was designed . That ballot , in every shape , must more or less effect its operation , he did not mean to deny . This could only be temporary ; every one would know the cause of it ; and he was warranted in believing that it would be inconsiderable . Because , during the operation of that great and most efficient measure ( as he believed he now might be allowed to call it ) , the Army of Reserve bill , it was a fact that the regular recruiting had not diminished more than one fourteenth , as was demonstrated by documents laid on the table of that house . There was good reason therefore to hope , that the effect upon it would be trifling.—It