failed ; 1003 but the question was , what was the cheapest Mode of maintaining the Nova-Scotians and Maroons which must be a charge or government ? It would be cheaper to Maintain them where they were than to remove them to any other place . He rested his assent to the bill on that ground , for he did not expect much from the project of civilization . said , that if his hon . friend would consider the real circumstances of the case , he must be convinced , that if the projects of the company for promting civilization had not been more extensive , it was because the views under which they were formed had been defeated , by parliament not having sooner effected the abolition of the slave trade , and he thought it was highly unreasonable to talk of calling on the company for a reimbursement of the sums advanced to them , without at the same time giving them credit for the maintenance of the Maroons and , Nova- Scotians , entirely defrayed by them , and which otherwise must have been defrayed from the public purse . said , that he always conceived the sums of money advanced by government to the Sierra Leone company as done entirely with a view to conciliate the support of a certain description of gentlemen within these walls , and he thought it impossible for the committee of finance to overlook so flagrant a waste of the public money , without recommending that the reimbursement should be made by the company , which he thought should be done amongst the wealthy bankers and merchants who composed that company . said , that unless the company had taken the Nova-Scotians and Maroons , the country must have paid 6,000l . annually for their maintenance . If , therefore , the money received by the company was to be refunded , they would be entitled to come with their bill for the maintenance of these people . supported the same principle , and considered the government bound to continue its protection to the black inhabitants of Sierra Leone , whom it would be the most cruel injustice to abandon , after the fidelity and attachment they had manifested to the British government . said , that he wished the house to understand in what sense he considered the undertaking at Sierra Leone to have answered , and in what sense not to have answered ; Since it Was important 1004 that just sentiments should be entertained in respect to the great subject of African civilization . The company had been instituted at a period , as they had imagined , of profound peace , and strong hopes had been entertained of an early abolition of the slave trade . In both these points they had been remarkably disappointed . Another great cause , however , of the disappointment of their original plans , had been the introduction of a very great and untoward body of Nova-Scotians into this colony , by whom a completely new character had been given to the undertaking . No less than 11 or 1200 colonists being received into the settlement , it had become the primary duty to provide for their maintenance and well-being , and a most heavy charge had been the consequence . The idea of establishing a considerable trade with the interior , which was one part of the original intention , had , partly through the causes which he had mentioned , and partly through a war with the natives , been relinquished ; the idea of profit to the proprietors , if entertained by any of them , had vanished ; the hope of making great and early progress in civilizing the surrounding natives had also been disappointed ; still , however , he had the satisfaction of saying , that both the Nova-Scotians and the Maroons , amounting to 11 or 1200 , had gradually improved in character , and that there now , therefore , existed a body of colonists on the coast of Africa , speaking the English language , attached to the English people ,