With a view to accelerate this final adjustment he moved , as an amendment . that the duration of the Suspension act should be limited to four weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament . Mr. P. Moore stated , that an arrangement of the differences in the woollen 911 manufactories had for upwards of five year engaged the attention of the house by a committees . All the parties were tired of dissention , and more desirous than ever to come to a final arrangement . Mr. Huskisson said , government was anxious to forward by all means in its power the final arrangement of the differences which had so long existed . After a few words from Mr. Rose , it was agreed that the chairman should report progress , and ask leave to sit again , with a view to consider in the interval how the speedy adjustment of the existing differences could be best provided for.—Mr . Sheridan presented several petitions from the Brewers , Distillers , and Publicans of Middlesex and Surrey , against the abuse of the powers exercised by the magistrates of those counties with respect to publicans ' licences . The petitions were ordered to lie on the table . Mr. Sheridan gave notice , that he would next week submit a measure for the relief of the grievances complained of by the petitioners . moved the committal of the Irish Insurrection bill . proposed an amendment in the clause , enacting , that a serjeant or barrister at law should preside at each of the county meetings for trying offenders under the bill . The house divided : For the amendment , 29 ; against it , 53. stated , that gross abuses , as he knew from local information , had prevailed in the searching of houses , particularly with respect to females , who had in some cases been indecently outraged . He wished , therefore , for an amendment in the clause respecting the searching of houses after sun-set . The amendment which he would propose was , That the magistrate should make out a list of proper persons to be employed for this purpose , for the approbation of the quarter sessions , and that he should be responsible for the good behaviour of such persons in the discharge of their duty . If this could not be adopted , and he foresaw no objection to it from the chance that persons so approved of might not be present at the time they might be wanted , he would then propose that the magistrate should be bound in a penalty of 100l . to send in the names of the persons employed to the quarter sessions within 48 hours after they should have been engaged in such search , that he might , in this way , become in some respect responsible . A strong check was necessary 912 on such a power as this , and unless this amendment , or something equivalent to it , was adopted , he would oppose the clause altogether , and divide the house on it . had no objection to the principle of the latter amendment , but wished it should be delayed till the report of the bill , that they might have time to consider whether it could be adopted in consistency with other necessary objects . proposed an amendment to the clause , substituting instead of the words , `` and in case of refusal to enter by force , '' the following words , `` and in case admittance shall be refused tea minutes after being demanded , then such magistrates and their officers , bailiffs , & c. shall be allowed to break into said dwelling by force . '' disapproved of the words , `` ten minutes ; '' he thought such amendments would go to fritter away the bill altogether . was astonished , that in the case of so serious a nature as forcible entry into the house of the king 's subjects , a provision to give that subject a reasonable time to provide against that forcible