overtake him sooner than it did Pope . If the late administration had acted in any manner by which public interest had been sacrificed to private favour—if they had , for the sake of serving their own friends , done that which was injurious to the public—if they had given away that which nothing but merit could deserve , and bestowed it on their favourites without merit—let the facts be exposed , and the party brought to shame ; but let not the minds 728 of the members of the house be led away by vague and general declamation . As to the appointments of sheriffs to the counties of Sutherland and Caithness , the measure on the face of it carried so clearly its own propriety with it , that it rather was the business of those who opposed it to shew why it should not take place , than that those who favoured it should shew why it should ; and the only question which he thought could be put on this part of the case , as it regarded the late administration , was , whether the appointments were made fairly and bonâ fide . As to the pension to lord Cullen , it was clearly intended to have been a grant for life . As to the science of Medical jurisprudence , he had only to observe , that it was known to every university in Europe , and it would be a reproach to us to be ignorant of it ; for these reasons he was favourable to the motion now before the house . wished to know , whether it was by intention or mistake that the precedents in the case of the grant of pensions to lords Loughborough , Eldon , and Redesdale , were departed from in the grant to Mr. Ponsonby late Chancellor for Ireland . In the former cases , the pension was to cease in case the noble lords should again be placed in the same office , or in any other of equal profit ; but this limitation was left out of the grant to Mr. Ponsonby ; so that if their project , that gentleman would again probably have the seals without his pension being discontinued . had signed the warrant by virtue of which Mr. Ponsonby was to enjoy his pension . He had signed it under the impression that it was similar to the warrants for granting pensions to the other chancellors , and would not have signed it under any other impression . vindicated all the circumstances that attended the pension of lord Cullen : he was intimately acquainted with them all , and was the person with whom the duke of Portland and lord Cullen had communicated upon that subject . As to the pension operating as a corrupt motive on the mind of lord Cullen , no man of any administration would venture to assert it . The same propriety he might assert , presided in the choice of the professorships , in the Universities of Scotland , and he would defy the gentlemen opposite to say , that under and former administration , such impartiality had been observed.—The motion was then agreed to . begged leave to differ with the learned gentlemen who spoke last , as to this very disinterested spirit which it was pretended pervaded and characterised all the appointments of the late administration Was the pension granted to Mr. Ponsonby on his retiring from the chancellorship of Ireland of that description ? was it even accompanied and checked by the usual clause that the pension of 4000l . per annum should not be enjoyed by that learned gent . in case he accepted of any other office to the same amount , or up wards ? In order to place this matter in a clear point of view , he thought it his duty to move , That there be laid before the house , a copy of all the warrants , granting pensions to Chancellors in England and Ireland since the 1st of Jan. 1800. declared , he had no objection whatever to the motion of the