hesitate between the two plans . in explanation , again insisted that the principle he laid down was , that the advantages gained by the bill would be more than counterbalanced by the inconveniences that must arise.—The bill was then read a third time . rose to make the motion of which he had given notice , respecting a resolution that all independent nations should be treated upon the principle of perfect equality and complete reciprocity . In proposing this resolution to the house , he had not merely in his eye the circumstances in which we now stood with regard to America ; the principle to which he alluded should , in his opinion , be extended to all states and nations indiscriminately . He could not help noticing the absence of ministers on this occasion ; but he had already occasion to observe that they seemed 1184 anxious to avoid all discussion on this topic . He would not say that their conduct was not prudent ; but , whatever it might be , he felt it incumbent on him to express his sentiments , when the voice of an imperious duty called upon him to express them . He must , therefore , most earnestly deprecate a rupture with America , and the house would , no doubt , unite with him in deprecating that calamity , when they duly considered the many difficulties and dangers with which we were already beset . They must recollect that in times of scarcity our principal relief was derived , first from Poland , next from America . Poland was now shut against us by the influence of the enemy ; would we also shut against ourselves the ports of America by our own folly ? Whence were we to derive materials and stores for our naval arsenal , if the north of Europe and North America were to refuse us these supplies ? Where was the greatness and security of England , when our navy , the source of our pride , the source of our strength and wealth , was gone ? These were serious considerations . He should now only remark , that as all individuals , whether high or low , poor or rich , were the same in the eye of God , so nations , whether powerful or weak , whether opulent or poor , should be the same in the contemplation of the law of nations . This was the principle upon which his motion rested , and upon which he grounded the resolution he had now to move . The noble lord then concluded with moving , `` that it be resolved , that the principle upon which we should act towards independent nations at peace with the British government , should be a principle of perfect equality and complete reciprocity . '' could not but commend the serious manner in which the noble earl had expressed himself on topics of such importance . As however , no authentic documents were before the house , to guide an opinion upon matters of such magnitude , he thought it more prudent not to agitate them under such circumstances . The noble earl would therefore , he hoped , excuse him for moving the previous question . in explanation , thanked the noble and learned lord for his kind attention , and observed that what he advanced , not only referred to the present state of America , but to all independent nations , at all times , when at peace with us . objected to the motion , as tending to legislate , upon abstract principles 1185 which was contrary to the spirit and the practice of parliament.—The question was then put , and the previous question was carried without a division . rose to make his promised motion , and spoke in substance as follows : I rise , sir , under some degree of apprehension that , from the lateness of the hour , and the quantity of less important business which the house has already gone through , I may be felt to trespass on your attention : but it