kind were really meant to be kept , and were not liable to be changed by every change which might happen to take place among the rulers of the state . Conformable to these views was the experience of what had already passed . The first great pledge which operated with the people respecting the late measures , was the increase of allowance , the payments on which commenced only at Christmas last , to the Chelsea pensioners . Then they began to see proofs that the government was in earnest , that all which 902 they had heard upon the subject was not mere talk . These proofs , fortunately for the country , these and some other parts of the late system would still continue to operate , and would promote the success of the hon . gentleman 's measures even in spite of themselves . There were parts , which the hon . gentlemen , with all the laudable spirit of mischief by which they had shown themselves to be actuated against the measures of last year , had not yet ventured to touch , and of which they would , on the contrary , be very glad to transfer the benefit to themselves . Had the benefit thus produced , been suffered to remain with the system which gave it birth , and to which it might seem of right to have belonged , had all the parts of that system been suffered to work together , according to the views of those who originally framed them it is not too much to say , that they would have risen more and more , the longer they had continued , in the estimation of the country ; that they would have improved upon acquaintance ; that as it would , and as it had , far outstript its competitors in the outset of its course , so it was not a measure which was likely to lose on longer trial the advantages which it had once obtained . If ever there was a measure formed on principles having a view to permanency , composed of materials which were likely to last , which , being good from the beginning , was for a long time certain to improve and never to grow worse by keeping , it was the measure to which he was alluding . The hon . gentlemen knew and felt this , and were determined therefore betimes to destroy it . Though for this intention he could not be supposed to feel much good will towards them , he might have felt more respect had they sought to execute their purpose upon better pretexts and by nobler means . The pretexts indeed did not depend wholly upon themselves : they must take up with such as they found or such as they could make . He was happy to think that in neither way their success had been such as could make it much a subject of congratulation . There was no pretence to say , that the measure had not succeeded , in the period for trial which had yet been given , to the full extent of what its authors had ever promised . In the last six months , the produce of the bill had exceeded what had been raised during the corresponding period , by the ordinary recruiting and the Additional Force act put together . This was all that need be required . No one had ever objected to the Additional 903 Force bill upon the score of its not being likely to raise , men . The objection was to the means which it employed , to the expence which it incurred , to the lasting evils which it would entail upon the country . When it was considered , moreover , that the men raised under this act might be received at a standard lower , by two inches , and of an age higher by fifteen years , than in the regular army , that is to say , at 5 feet 2 inches , instead of at 5 feet 4 inches , and between