mind did not appear to be made up respecting any practical remedy . The moment called for universal unity of action , and under such circumstances as the present , he hoped to see all party spirit and animosity turn into zeal for the common defence . conceived the question to be , whether the necessity which it was admitted had occasioned the breach of the law , was forced on his majesty 's ministers , or had been forced on by them . The noble lord opposite had said that his majesty having reason to be dissatisfied with his former servants , had exercised his undoubted prerogative in choosing others in their stead , and that the old servants of the crown had thereupon come to parliament with a statement of their case , thereby making an appeal to parliament on the differences which had occurred between them and their sovereign , and that his majesty had , in these circumstances , been advised to recur to the sense of the people . A more unfounded or a more erroneous statement than this , the noble earl contended , had never been made , as must be well known to the noble lord ( Hawkesbury ) himself . The fact was , that after certain confidential communications had taken place between his majesty and his late servants , in consequence of which a change in his majesty 's councils had taken place , the new servants of the crown , betraying the trust reposed in them , had given garbled and unjust representations in the newspapers , and otherwise , of the conduct of their predecessors , and of the circumstances which had preceded their dis- 777 missal from office . In this state of things , a representation of the actual state of matters , and of the whole circumstances attendant on them , became necessary to clear the characters of the late ministers from the obloquy with which they were thus unjustly loaded . In making this statement , they had been accused of bringing their sovereign to the bar of both houses of parliament . Such a charge , however , they disclaimed . Their only wish was a vindication of their own character , and to bring forward to the bar of both houses of parliament and of the country those persons who had given evil advice to their sovereign . As to the policy of their conduct towards Ireland , it was not his intention to enquire , as that had been already so ably discussed by his noble friend ( lord Grenville ) . But if that part of the population of these kingdoms really did possess the loyalty admitted by the noble lord ( Hawkesbury ) , he could not help thinking that they by no means experienced a corresponding return . He was convinced the time must and would come when the immunities now denied them would be granted . At a season so perilous as the present , we should look to every possible means of strengthening our exertions ; but it was impossible that the Catholics in Ireland could feel the same interest in the concerns of the country till they participated in all the privileges of then fellow subjects . said , that it was a fundamental principle of the constitution of this country , that no act could be dune contrary to law , and for which the persons advising it were at the same time intitled to be indemnified , unless such breach of law was occasioned by an act of imperious necessity . If this was a case . of the kind , God forbid that it should be resisted for a moment ! No man could question the right of the king to dismiss his servants , or to dissolve the parliament . These were undoubted prerogatives , but they were granted for very distinct purposes . If his majesty saw reason to question the conduct of his servants , he might dismiss them ; or , if he saw reason to doubt the parliament , he might dissolve it , and take the