country were required to combat an enemy , who had owed his successes more to the divisions amongst his opponents than to the skill or valour of his troops . said , he felt some difficulty upon the present occasion , not in answering the arguments of noble lords on the other side , but , after what he had heard , in doing it with that decorum which he owed to their lordships . If the arguments of the noble lord who had just sat down , were to be adopted as the rule of conduct in that house , then all freedom of debate was at an end , and their lordships would have nothing to do but to re-echo every speech which the ministers for the time being chose to put in to the mouth of his majesty . Such doctrines were the most dangerous and unconstitutional he had ever heard . Be objected also most strongly , to the introduction of 586 the king 's name , and the king 's opinions , into a debate in that house , as they bad been upon this occasion . A noble lord ( Rolle ) had talked of embittering the latter days of his majesty . Gracious God ! my lords , is it to be endured , that debates in this house are to be thus attempted to be influenced ? if these opinions are to prevail , there is an end of the liberties of the people . What may be the consequences ? My noble friend ( lord Grenville ) may , on this principle , say , with respect to the expedition to Constantinople and to Egypt , that it was the king 's will ; that it was the king 's opinion that such an expedition should be sent . If such a principle is to be allowed , it is impossible to say where it can stop , until it has destroyed the privileges of this house and of parliament , and sapped and undermined the constitution itself . The noble lord has spoken of its being the practice of this house not to move amendments to addresses . During the few years I have been in parliament , it has been my misfortune ( as probably the noble lord would call it ) to be the greater part of that time in opposition ; and , if my memory does not greatly deceive me , there are several more instances of amendments being moved to addresses than those quoted by the noble lord . But in what way , my lords , can this argument of the noble lord operate against the constitutional privilege of this house , to offer those sentiments to the throne which we conceive to be called for by our duty to our country ? The noble lord , in speaking of dissolutions of parliament , has only stated that which was obvious , namely , that it is the king 's undoubted prerogative to dissolve the parliament , and that his ministers are responsible for the exercise of that prerogative . The noble lord then went on to argue as to there being no preference between dissolving parliaments at different periods of their existence ; but will it he contended for a moment that there is no difference between dissolving a parliament that has sat five years , and one which has sat only so many months ? If the principle is good for any thing , it goes to this , that a parliament ought not to be dissolved at all , but be allowed to sit its full seven years ; for the . same arguments which the noble lord has applied against the dissolution resorted to by the late ministers when the parliament had sat four years , would apply to a parliament that had sat six years , and are decidedly against the dissolution of the last parliament , which the noble lord has nevertheless defended . 587 After hearing the defence set up by the noble lord for the late dissolution , I am surprised when a noble secretary of