the line are entitled for clothing , from the 25th of Dec. 1804 , to the 24th of Dec. 1805 ; specifying the number of regiments : 8 . A return of the number of effective non-commissioned officers and privates , on the strength of the regiments of the line from the 25th of Dec. 1804 , to the 24th of Dec. 1805 : 9 . A return of the number of effective officers of each rank on the strength of the regiments of the line , from the 25th of Dec. 1804 , to the 24th of Dec . 1805 . '' had no objection to the production of the papers , farther than that the subjects they alluded to were now under the consideration of the commissioners of military enquiry , who would shortly report upon it . The subjects were certainly most important , and the attention of the war-office and of his majesty 's government were particularly directed to them , with a view to make every practicable saving for the public . Under the circumstances of the commission of military enquiry having directed its investigation to the matter , and of its being necessary to go to a considerable expence for clerks to make out the accounts , he put it to the hon . gent . whether it would be desirable to press the motion . was confident that by adopting the plan of clothing now in use with respect to the invalids , a saving of from 100,000l . to 160,000l . would be practicable on the sum now expended on the clothing of the army , which was from 800,000l . to 1,000,000l . A plan , suggested by the paymaster-general , was under the consideration of his majesty 's government , with the approbation of his royal highness the commander-in-chief , for taking the clothing out of the hands of the colonels , allowing them a liberal compensation for the advantages they now derived from it . This arrangement would be more satisfactory to the colonels , 812 at the same time that it would be highly beneficial to the public . With respect to the Agency department , that too had been under consideration : but it was to be feared , that no considerable saving could be made in it , by establishing a general agency office , at least none sufficient to compensate the great convenience that was felt from having agents chosen by the colonels themselves . He submitted to the hon . gent . the propriety of waiting for the report of the commissioners of military enquiry . If that report should not go as far as the hon . gent . wished , he might move any further step he may think proper . thought it best to leave these matters to the commissioners of military enquiry in the first instance . Both subjects , the clothing and the agency , had engaged much of the consideration of the late government , with a view to the practicability of some savings upon them . His inclination was very much in favour of the plan mentioned by the right hon . gent . opposite , and that not so much with a view to economy , though that important object also would be promoted , as in order to take the colonels of regiments out of the incongruous situation in which they were placed while suffered to act as clothiers to their respective corps . With respect to agency , that matter had been under consideration so long since , as when he had been in the war office , and the result of the deliberation was , that no saving could be made by the adoption of a general plan , sufficient to compensate the loss of the convenience now afforded by the nomination of his own agent by every commander of a regiment . saw the strongest reason for the production of the papers in the avowal of so many official persons , that the subject to which he called the attention of the house , admitted , at least , in a considerable