worse market than usual , the company 's warehouses being now stocked with goods , for which if there had been a ready sale , time enough to meet their exigencies , the present application for power to raise money by bonds , might not have been necessary . With respect to that part of the Indian debt which the hon . gent . called a floating debt , and by which it appeared he meant the part claimable in England , or the decennial and optional loans , though it was undoubtedly a very serious consideration , it could not come suddenly and all at once upon the company . The first of the decennial loans was two millions , and not due till 1810 . The optional loans bearing the large interest of India and not being transferable to England at a high rate of exchange , were not likely to be transferred thither in a mass , and before there was a provision made for their payment . At the same time , nobody contended that it was not of the greatest importance to the company , that some plan should be adopted for the liquidation of the Indian debt , though it was not then the moment to enter into that subject . The debt was enormous , and the great difficulty with which the company had to struggle.—But it had not attained its present alarming height by measures for which the directors were 1022 responsible . As to the failure of expectations , formerly held out by a noble lord at the head of the Indian department , it was fair to the company to say that those expectations were stated to be on the supposition of a permanent peace , and were defeated by the long European war which followed the French revolution , and by successive wars in India , all which had entailed prodigious expences on the company both at home and abroad . The return of peace in India however , certainly afforded hope that the present embarrassments of the company would be but temporary ; for considerable retrenchments in the expenditure were now going on in India under the administration of sir George Barlow ( whose conduct in adopting the pacific system of lord Cornwallis , after having before acquiesced in the foreign policy of lord Wellesley , Mr. Grant defended against the observations of Mr. Creevey ) and the advices from thence held out the expectation of a surplus of revenue after defraying all charges and the interest of the debt . That the peace of India would be permanent , Mr. Grant said he had not taken upon him to assert . He had spoken of what might be hoped for if peace continued ; and as to its continuance , though undoubtedly the native powers must have been greatly alienated from us by the course of policy and war which the British government had recently pursued there , and they might then be far more ready , under new and encouraging circumstances , to act against us , yet at present they shewed no disposition to break with us , and were indeed reduced in means . We also had professedly resumed a pacific system , and our manifesting a determination to persevere in it might have a tendency to conciliate them.—Dr . Laurence having in his speech insinuated that Mr. Grant had inconsistently departed from the language held in the third report of the directors , and the opinions he had given in that house respecting the measures of lord Wellesley , Mr. Grant replied that he was no party to the third report , not having concurred in it nor having been a member of the court when it was brought forward ; and as to the late measures in India , when they came to be discussed , it would be found he had not uttered his sentiments regarding them . On the 1023 question for the third reading of this bill , a number of amendments , similar to those offered in the house of commons , were proposed by lord Holland ,