consolation to this country , that its aid had been twice the means of saving the gallant garrison of Colberg , which had held out to the end of the conflict , and which now stood with undiminished honour among the subjugated cities around . wished to know whether lord Hutchinson was a party to the treaty of subsidy . He wished also , as it had been said by some of the gentlemen on another day , that the situation of the continent had come upon them unexpectedly ; he wished to know , whether they had not received from lord Hutchinson information , the effect of which was to prognosti- 1031 cate the events that had taken place . With the proximity of Russia to her frontier , pushed as she was close up to it , her means of recruiting must be so convenient , that the aid she could derive from them could not fail to be distinctly visible . It in this situation Russia was not able to stand a general battle , her failure must be obvious , Now , did the right hon . gent . opposite receive such assurances of the unbroken strength of Russia as to justify them in delaying , as they had stated that as the ground of the delay in bringing forward the measures they now urged , as essentially necessary to the defence of the country ? would not decline answering the hon . gent . 's question , on the ground that it had no reference to the matter in debate . Lord Hutchinson had certainly always given reason to expect , that unless certain things should be done , it was likely that a general battle , if given , would be lost . It was possible , however , that a general battle might be avoided , as the obvious and avowed policy was to avoid it . Another contingency was the arrival of Military aid from Britain . The first communication the present ministers had received on entering into Office , conveyed the expectation of that aid : whether the expectation was authorized , he knew not ; but the aid was expected , and no preparation was made to afford it either by descent in a certain point , or by diversion . But instead of having made any preparations to contribute in either way , the whole of the transports in foreign service had been dismissed some time before the change of administrtaion . The other contingency put by lord Hutchinson was , that unless Prussia should be supported by military as well as pecuniary aid , it would be impossible to go on . Lord Hutchinson 's naked opinion was certainly discouraging . But , taking the chance of its being possible to avoid a general battle , and of supporting with pecuniary and military aid the efforts that remained to be made , there was still room to hope for a different issue : his majesty 's government immediately supplied pecuniary aid to the extent which it thought right , and was prepared to afford military aid as far as that should be possible . He was sorry to have been compelled to go so far into this discussion in the absence of a noble lord ( Howick ) , in the hope of whose presence the consideration of his majesty 's message 1032 had been deferred till this day ; but the discussion had been rendered indispensable to his own vindication , and if it had turned out injurious to those whose interests the hon . gent . had particularly at heart , he was not to be blamed . did not conceive that the reputation of the noble lord , for whom he was particularly interested , was at all brought into hazard by the discussion that had arisen : but even if it were , the superior importance to the country , of bringing forth the explanations that were so essentially necessary , would have been a prior consideration with him . It was allowed , that lord Hutchinson held forth but a discouraging prospect of