the house of commons , and that he was then in the custody of the marshal of the King 's Bench . The committee had consulted precedents , and had abstained from examining the allegations contained in the petitions which had been referred to them , conceiving that even had these allegations been proved , that would not have influenced their judgment , or prevented them from coming to the resolution which they had adopted , namely , that the said G. G. Mills , esq . was entitled to the privileges of parliament . He then moved that the house do agree with the committee in that resolution . as a member of the committee , and as having himself presented a petition to the house against Mr. Mills , stated a few points , which in his opinion , the house , duly regarding its own honour and dignity , circumstances much more important than the privileges of an individual , ought deliberately to consider . The petition to which he alluded had been presented by him with the concurrence of the person against whom it was directed , and for whose interests he and others had exerted their utmost efforts ; those efforts had been fruitless ; because that hon . gent . did not chuse to abide by his own propositions . Mr. Mills 's debts , of various descriptions , exceeded £30,000 . Not one of his creditors wished to interfere with the privileges of parliament ; but they thought , and certainly they were justified in thinking , that while the house of commons attended to the preservation of their privileges , they should also attend to the demands of justice , and to the preservation of their credit with the public . As far as time would allow , the committee had examined all the precedents which appeared to bear upon the present subject , but in his opinion , not one was found that met the case stated in the petitions . The petitions contained this allega- 745 * tion , that the petitioner had obtained his seat in parliament as a temporary protection , in order to evade the demands of his creditors , and ultimately , he was compelled to say so , to defraud them . He was sorry to be obliged to use such language when speaking of one with whom he had been in the habits of intimacy ; but in a case so glaring , which so strongly excited the public attention , in times like these , it would be well for the house to pause before they granted to any man under such circumstances , the benefit of the privilege by which the ends of public justice would be defeated . agreed most cordially to the report of the committee . The house was bound to support their privileges , which were given to them , not for their advantage , but for that of the country at large . The privileges which members of parliament enjoyed of freedom from arrest , was as good for the electors as for the elected ; were it not so , many of the former might be unrepresented . There was not a single instance on the Journals of the house , refusing the privilege when clearly defined . thought that a special report ought to have been made by the committee on an inspection of the petitions which contained so strong a charge on the character of one of the members of that house : they stated that he had procured a seat in that house for the express purpose of enabling him to evade the payment of his debts and to escape to the West Indies . He understood that four or five persons now in the King 's Bench were anxiously waiting the decision of the house , in order that if that decision were favourable to Mr. Mills , they might avail themselves of his example , and take similar steps in order to relieve themselves from similar embarrassments . He entreated the house , for their credit 's sake , before they