) , but he was in the judgment of the house whether he deserved it . ] With respect , sir , to the assertion made by the same gentleman , that the health of the men is increased by long cruises at sea , and that that of the commander in chief is improved by being on shore , he may reconcile it if he can —Tho ' , sir , I shall not follow the example of imputing improper motives , another complaint and a just one too ( looking at Capt . Sir Samuel Hood ) in the naval service is , that under this obnoxious system , captains have been appointed to large commands of 6 or 7 sail of the line , as many frigates , and as many sloops of war , the right of admirals who have served and can serve their country and who have bled in its cause . But perhaps , sir , for such times , their rank did not afford a prospect of their being sufficiently subservient . I believe this house need not be told that there are admirals of ability who from these causes , have lingered in neglect . [ a cry of order ! order ! from admiral Harvey and others . Sir , two parts of the statement of the hon . knight are worthy of remark in so far as they were meant in reply to my statement . He has said he had a hundred men killed and wounded in his ship , and no complaint , no inconvenience , was found from want of lint or any thing else . First , this was at a time when surgeons received an allowance to buy extra medicines for the sick , and , in the second place , the wounded of whom he speaks were sent on the day following to Gibraltar hospital.—Now , sir , with respect to the blame said to be directly attributed by me to lord St. Vincent for the loss of the Felix and Atalante I have to remark , that it is of the general system and its consequences of which I complain , of endless cruizes , thereby rendering surveys at sea on the state of vessels a substitute for a proper examination of their condition in port , or in dock . The hon . knight has been a little unfortunate in the comparison he made that lord St. Vincent was no more to blame , than for my getting the Impérieuse on shore on the coast of France . Now , since this subject has been touched upon , I must state that I made application for a Court Martial on my conduct , but it was not granted , because it was known that the blame would fall , where it ought to fall , on the person whose repeated positive command sent the ship forth to sea in an unfit condition . The artificers of the 767 yard had not finished the ship ; all was in confusion . The quarter-deck guns lay unfitted . Forty tons of iron ballast , beside provisions and stores of all kinds , remained on deck . The powder , allowed to be taken on board only when the ship is out of harbour , was received then , and the Impérieuse was hurried to sea without a cartridge filled or one gun loaded . The order issued was to quit the port the instant that she would steer , regardless of every other material circumstance . [ Another cry of order ! order ! from the same gentlemen . The Speaker said , the noble lord must confine himself to the matter before the house . ] I consider what I have now said as an answer to a statement made without a knowledge of facts.—Another hon . gent . who has attempted to contradict my statements ( Admiral Pole ) has in his great zeal mentioned an increase of pay which took place some time ago as relative to the present subjects of complaint , and perhaps he has done so with