its cause . The state of the sister kingdom , he also thought , should be inquired into in a committee of the whole house ; he feared Ireland was not so cordial as she should be in our common cause , and he desired to place her in the same situation of loyalty and good affection and security as Devonshire or Yorkshire . He was aware that Catholic emancipation could not and ought not now to be farther attempted , but there were other means of allaying animosity , and conciliating affection ; among many such means he should allude to that of a system of tythes which an hon . gent . on the other side ( Mr. Croker ) who did not usually agree with his hon . friends , had allowed to be a subject of much consequence , and if carefully managed , pregnant with good effects . He should not dwell at greater length on this subject , because he felt it might be more effectually discussed hereafter , but beyond doubt that discussion in a committee on the state of the station was absolutely necessary . He would also assert that the extraordinary dissolution of the late parliament demanded an enlarged inquiry , and he insisted that the doctrines on which that and the preceding measures were sought to be justified , viz . that the king could at any moment act without an adviser , tended to despotism , and the subversion of the constitution . He disapproved of his majesty 's late choice of ministers : he thought one of them ( the chancellor of the exchequer ) a person not likely to gain the confidence of Ireland ; and he considered the right hon . secretary ( Mr. Canning ) as little calculated , from his temper , his feelings , and the whole course of his political life , to conciliate that country with which he ( Mr. W. ) should never cease to hope that negociations for peace might speedily be renewed . He ob- 736 served also that the recal of lord Melville to his majesty 's councils deserved serious inquiry and deep reprehension , though he would not say that it was illegal , or contrary to the resolutions of that house . He concluded by recapitulating his statements , and moving that a committee be appointed to inquire into the State of the Nation . replied to the arguments of the hon . gent . He stated that the proposed inquiry would be vague and delusive ; that it was an attempt to censure the late change of administration , and to embarrass the measures of government ; that many of the grounds which had been urged by the hon . gent . for going into the committee , had equally existed , during the continuance of the late administration , when no such notice had been made by the hon . gent . or his friends ; he represented the state of the country to be such as required the exertions of the united energies of all descriptions of its subjects , which it was the object of this motion to distract . Looking to our resources , to the patriotism and valour of the country , he saw nothing to fear , but much to expect . Were we to countenance the exertions of our allies by examples of British valour ; were we to evince by our conduct a conviction of the fact , that the path of peace was only to be found under the arch of victory , he had no doubt but the ultimate issue of the contest would be honourable to the country . With a conviction of these truths on his mind , and for a variety of other reasons , he was so far from giving his support to the motion , that he should move that this house do now adjourn . said a few word nearly similar to those he had used on a former occasion . went into a legal statement to shew the illegality of the doctrine of the king 's acting