serving in future in volunteer corps , should serve at their own , expence . With a view to police , a most important consideration in the establishment of the force in question , nothing could be more desirable than that those entrusted with arms and subject so little to any military controul , should be persons of some substance and stake in the country . Even in a military view , a certain portion of corps composed of men in the higher ranks , similar to those that we meet with in the history of the times of Charles I. , might be of the most distinguished use , and render services not to be accomplished by any other means . Such was the volunteer force which the late system of measures would have given the country , arising naturally and insensibly out of the measure ( the Training act ) , of which the noble lord was disposed to make so little account , and forming a contrast which he hoped the house and country would not lose sight of , with the volunteer force as before subsisting , and as now intended to be re-established . He for one was fully convinced not only that the plain and simple plan adopted last year , was the best that could have been chosen , but that it 898 was the only one , consistent at least with sense and reason , which the nature of things afforded . In respect to the particular part to which allusion had last been made , viz . the Training act , it was that which could not be withdrawn without weakening the measure throughout , and in part entirely destroying it . It was the sole foundation and basis of what was proposed as the volunteer force ; it was the source to which the army must look for an immediate and instant supply in case of invasion : it would , in the mean while , contribute , probably , most powerfully to the recruiting service : it would have the constant effect of training the people gradually to arms , and of preparing them for the great dangers , to which they must long look to be exposed . A Training act of some sort or other there must be . He had no claim to originality on this point . He had stated from the first , when introducing the measure , that , he took for his model , and was anxious to be understood as doing so , the measure of a similar sort introduced by a former administration , adhering to the same whenever he could , and departing from it only , as he would wish his own to be departed from , where , by later and further consideration , mistakes might be corrected , or improvements introduced . Were a scheme of national defence to be prepared entirely from the beginning , he should be disposed perhaps ( though it was a question of nice consideration ) to make it consist of three only out of the four members , of which our present force consisted , viz . the army , the volunteers , and the Training act , leaving out that great and now most important part , the militia . But it was one thing to say upon any subject , what should have been done originally , and another , what was proper to be done with things already formed and established . It might have been better possibly , that the militia hsd never been established ; but it was a far different question , whether you would now abolish a force of that description , making often more than a half of your army at home , and wrought to its highest possible perfection . Upon these grounds the late administration abstained carefully from every thing , by which the militia force could be injured or weakened . It would have been just as easy to them as it is now to the noble lord , to make a large addition to the army , by