men there should be subject to a ballot in the mitigated form , which I have now pointed out . The population of the districts , to which I allude , might afford a large supply of men , without any material interruption to agricultural or manufacturing industry : and all the supply that can be obtained would be doubly useful , both as directly adding to the military force of the empire , and as draining off a leaven which may eventually become dangerous.—But , my lords , whatever compulsory levy may be resolved upon , I must concur in the opinion , which has already been urged with irresistible force of argument , that the balloted men ought to be placed in the second battalions of our marching regiments , on the principle Of the Army of Reserve act , rather than in the militia . To ballot for an addition to the militia , in order to have an opportunity of drawing off a corresponding number of men from the militia into the line , seems to me to involve a very inconvenient complication , without any adequate motive whatever . The pernicious effects which may be expected , from disturbing the discipline and efficiency of the militia regiments at such a moment as this , have been clearly pointed out by a noble viscount ( Sidmouth ) , as well as the effect which this measure must have , in undermining the present militia establishment altogether , by disgusting the officers . Their patience has already been sufficiently tried , in the frequent repetition of the same 1151 expedient , tending to impress them with the idea that their corps are to be degraded into mere subsidiary battalions , to be employed in drilling recruits for the line . But if ever this expedient was objectionable , it is doubly so at this moment , when the defence of the kingdom should be our chief concern , and when the militia is more likely than ever to be called into that active service for resisting invasion , for which their institution was peculiarly framed.—These topics , my lords , have already been so ably discussed , that it would be presumptuous in me to suppose , that I could add any thing to the force of the arguments that have been urged . I shall conclude , therefore , with declaring that I can not give my assent to the bill now before us , when its particular provisions appear to me so objectionable , when the advantages to be expected from it are so inconsiderable , and when its immediate objects would be rendered wholly superfluous , by the adoption of measures commensurate with the exigency of our situation.—The question being then put , that the bill be read a second time , a division took place : Contents 42 ; Non-Contents , 15 ; Majority , 27. pursuant to notice , rose to call the attention of the house to this most important subject . He did not mean to detain the house by going at any length into the question , because it must be obvious to any gentleman who should examine the report of the committee on the commercial state of the West-India Colonies , that some relief was necessary to maintain the interests of those colonies . It would be impossible to carry into effect , during the present session , any remedies to which that house was to be a party , but he must recommend it to the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , to direct his attention to this most interesting subject during the recess , in order that he might be prepared with some means of alleviating the distress of the West-India planters in the ensuing session . He wished to direct the attention of that right hon . gent . to the subject more anxiously , because he had reason to apprehend that it was the opinion of that right hon . gent. , that a reduction of the duty upon sugars would not be any relief to the planter . The hon