woman 's war . He was not himself , he confessed , so capable of defending against an accusation of this sort as those who had spent 14 years in extending the power of France . But on Tuesday next all these independent gentlemen would have an opportunity of testifying their zeal for the detection of abuses , by supporting the motion of a noble lord ( Cochrane ) for a list of those members who held pensions , places , & c. either in person or by other branches of their family . in a strain of irony , lamented his ability to rise , after the very able , precise , and formal speech of the learned gent . However , the necessity of the new appointments of sheriffs , he confessed he did not see to be very clearly made out , neither was the term of Medical jurisprudence , very accurately defined . And the matter of the pension to lord Cullen was still less satisfactorily explained . As the learned gent . had not given him the most ample satisfaction upon the whole , he should vote in support of the motion for the production of the papers . got up in great Warmth and alluded to what had been said by the learned gent . ( Mr . Martin . ) If the hon . and learned gent. , said he , thinks he can put me down by any such insinuations as he has just made , he will find himself mistaken . He says that my name is connected with jobs , I dare that hon . and learned gent . to shew the instance in any part of my life in which I was con- 727 nected with any jobs . All the rewards I have receive from the public are known to the public . I never put the public to the expence of a single shilling that is not publicly known . Whether I am under or over rewarded is another question . Over rewarded I have been , I am willing to admit ; but still I say , that the public have not been put to a single shilling of expence on my account , that is not publicly known . If I had concealed any reward that I had from the public , I should think myself the most scandalous person in this country . said , he hoped he had spoken under and within the rules and orders of the house , since he was not checked by the chair ; and while he was in that order , he should convey his ideas to the house in the manner which appeared to him the most fit . thought the house had heard pleasantry too long pursued , and fury too much indulged in the course of this debate . Of accusations generally and loosely made , no one disapproved mere than himself ; but they were not to be got rid of by abandoning the subject in discussion . The questions here were not to be gotten rid of by the species of declamation in which the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer had indulged . When he talked , in lofty terms , of having his eye on the late administration , that he would strip off their mask , and made use of such expressions , the right hon . gent . reminded him of a considerable person of the last age , and to whom during his life considerable attention was paid by the public ; he meant Mr. Pope . He had as pompously written concerning his power of exposing others as the right hon . gent . had spoken : Yes ; while I live , no rich ignoble knave Shall walk the world in credit to his grave . These words made some noise , and they were alarming to some persons at the time when they were written , but they were now considered as perfectly ridiculous . He cautioned the right hon . gent . against the same sort of ridicule , which would