expect he would not hesitate to do upon a future occasion . The firmness , the impartiality , the spirited and dignified independence , which he has already shewn , should certainly induce us to believe that he would act so again , should another similar opportunity offer . This , therefore , is my governing principle for voting for the right hon . gent . If his conduct upon that day had been otherwise , I most unquestionably would have voted against him . I do not deny , but , on the contrary , I admit , that he possesses all the qualifications which have been enumerated ; but I mean fairly and frankly to own , that this last one , which I have stated , is with me the chief inducement , the governing principle which actuates my vote in his favour . Lest it should be said that I am introducing party principles , and party prejudices , I shall abstain from making any further observations ; but , while I give my most cordial assent to the motion now before you , I can not conclude without observing , that if ever there was a parliament likely to create great warmth of discussion upon great political and party topcs , it is the present parliament , which is now for the first day , assembled . gave his hearty concurrence to the motion , and had great satisfaction in seeing recalled to the chair a gentleman who had acquitted himself in such a manner in the public and private duties of the office , as to prove himself possessed of the best disposition as well as the most perfect ability to fill it in the most beneficial manner . The discharge of the public duties of the chair in the house was a matter that came under the observation of every member . He should , therefore , say nothing on that head , though he believed there was the most ample room for commendation ; but , 572 in the private duties of the chair , he had more frequent opportunities than others to observe the punctuality of attendance , and the zealous endeavours to forward the business that came before him , by which the right hon . gent . now proposed established the strongest claim to the approbation and confidence of the house . It was unnecessary to add any thing to what had already been said ; but he could not abstain from adverting to one expression which had fallen from the right hon . mover . The right hon . gent . expressed a wish , that all other discussions might be equally free from party motives as this . He could only say in answer , that if every proposition that should be introduced should be equally unexceptionable in its nature , no party interest should traverse it , at least so far as he was concerned . ( An universal cry of chair ; chair ! Mr. Abbot , Mr . Abbot ! ) then rose . He said , the proposition which his right hon . friend had submitted to the house as its first act , so far as it concerned the magnitude of the duties annexed to the chair , received his fullest concurence . The history and practice of parliament , at all periods , confirmed that opinion . But if it had been thus matter of grave and solemn deliberation , at all periods , into whose hands the high , important , difficult , and delicate duties of the chair should be entrusted , a just sense of the difficulties of the times in which we live , difficulties , which might be expected to increase instead of diminish , must make it matter of particularly serious consideration now . The partiality of his friends had ascribed to him a capacity for discharging those duties , which , gratefully as he acknowledged it as a mark of their kindness , filled him with fear when it led him to a comparison of the arduous nature of the task , with his