negociation with the Porte . But undoubtedly , regret for its failure could not be construed to imply disapprobation of 636 the negociation , the failure of which excited regret . But then the operations in the Sea of Marmora , and in Egypt , had been introduced ; and here he could most conscientiously say , that infinite labour had been bestowed on the composition of that passage , so as that it might convey an account of the transactions historically , without imputing blame to any person . If the noble lord were to ask their opinion of these , as military measures , it would not be difficult to give the reply , but unquestionably no such thing was intended by the passage in the speech . The noble lord had alluded to the military measure which had originated with his right hon . friend , and expressed his hopes that they would give it a fair trial . In all his observations on this measure , his comparisons were founded on the combined operation of the regular recruiting , and the measure which was then proposed to be repealed , and which conjointly , he still contended , afforded a more ample supply than the right hon . gent 's . system . But as long as the measure of the right hon . gent . should be in force , no opinions of his respecting it should be suffered to impede its progress . As to the allusion of the noble lord to the part which he had taken on the question respecting Neutrals , and the triumph he seemed to feel , because he had not , on coming into office , advised the adoption of different measures , he had only to say , that he was then as fully convinced as before , that the measure of the noble lord was wholly inefficient . Having gone through the whole of the noble lord 's statement , he trusted the house would be convinced that he had made no case out for his amendment , and that they would therefore reject it . offered himself to the attention of the house , in order to bring back the question to its real grounds . They were all agreed , as it was natural they should be , with respect to the prerogative of his majesty to dissolve his parliament . The hon . gent . who seconded the address , therefore , had given himself unnecessary trouble in discussing a question of which nobody entertained a doubt . His noble friend ( lord Howick ) in quoting the opinion of lord Somers , that the dissolution of parliament during a session was illegal , had adverted to that authority , to shew , that if such a lawyer entertained such an opinion , the dissolution of parliament during a session ought not to be resorted to without great justification . That , was the argument of his noble friend , and he maintained that it was a sound one . The question then before the house was , whether 637 the dissolution was founded upon wise of good grounds . It was to this that he objected , and was about to state the grounds his objections . The question between annual and septennial parliaments was a question only of degree , so was the question between septennial and perpetual parliaments : but there was no rational proportion in the history of parliaments , between a parliament of four months , and a parliament of four years The right hon . gent . had contended , that the arguments urged in support of the former dissolution , applied with equal force to the late dissolution . But his noble friend had argued , that at the former period , a new crisis had arisen in the war . It was not a new war , but it was a renewed war ; and it was therefore desirable , that there should be a parliament , which should continue for some time , because it might be attended with inconvenience , that any change