keep its strength just where it stood . Besides , at the end of seven years by that plan , 53,000 men would be entitled to their discharge , which , added to the ordinary deficiences for the year , would create such a chasm in the public force , as the right hon . gent . would find impossible to recruit in a year : and as to the Training act , it was impossible to bring it in operation before the commencement of next session.—The report was then taken into further consideration , and upon the clause substituting the option of unlimited for limited service , a division took place ; when there appeared , . For the clause 96 ; against it 46 . The order of the day having beep read for the second reading of this bill , rose . He considered the bill to be an unnecessary and indecent attack upon the king 's lawful prerogative . Nothing whatever had been stated to prove that such a measure was necessary , except merely an expression in the preamble of the bill , that it was expedient for the public service . The manner also in which the bill originated was very unusual , and no 1045 * ground had been shewn to prove that there was any necessity to make such an attack upon the king 's just prerogative . He should therefore oppose the bill and take the sense of the house upon it . expressed great regret at the opposition given to this bill by his noble friend . He conceived the bill to be so completely in unison with the popular feeling at the present moment , that it would be unwise to reject it , and he thought his majesty 's ministers , by opposing the bill , would render themselves so unpopular that they would not long remain in office . He was a warm friend to the bill , not merely for its own sake , but for the sake of those measures of reform relative to the public expenditure , of which he considered this merely as the forerunner—measures which were highly necessary at a crisis like the present , when it was of so much importance to engage the hearts as well as the arms of the people . He trusted their lordships would not be induced to reject the bill . called their lordships ' attention to his majesty 's speech at the close of the last session , in which satisfaction was expressed at the conduct of the committee of finance , and contended that this bill , being the only measure which that committee had then recommended , the king 's speech contained in effect an approval of the measure . After ministers had thus approved of the measure , after they had approved of it in the other house , and after the bill had been so long in this house , he was greatly astonished at the opposition it now experienced . He could not help also adverting to the conduct of his majesty 's ministers upon this occasion . If they now thought this bill ought not to pass , why did they not attend in their places , and oppose it in a manly manner , instead of staying away themselves , and sending their friends and connections to oppose the bill ? [ None of the ministers were present , except the lord chancellor . ] He did not mean by this to impute to the noble lord that he was sent there for that purpose ; but that construction would be put upon such conduct by the public . He was convinced that the public feeling was strongly in favour of the bill ; and that ought to be , at the present moment , a strong argument in its favour . The granting of offices in reversion he considered , to be highly prejudicial to the public service , and highly improper ; such grants being frequently made to children , at a very early age , aud such offices , although requiring regulation , from