most essential to exert them . To have exhibited preparations for any considerable embarkation , would have obliged Buonaparte to leave at least 50,000 men in France of what since appeared on the Vistula . It was the advantage of our insulated and central position , that if we had preparations for an expedition in or near the Downs , ready to move to any quarter thought proper , France would be under the necessity of keeping a protecting force in Holland , in the Netherlands , at Boulogne , and at Brest , at the same time , from the impossibility of ascertaining which of those points was to be attacked . It was in this respect that this country , though essentially naval , could bring its military power to be of great weight against France , The late Ministers came into the 1037 means of making great exertions , but they parted with those means apparently for no other purpose but that of registering their abandonment of the continent . Whether the battle of Eylau awakened them to a sense of their criminal omission , he could not say ; or whether they had begun to be fearful of falling into disgrace with the whole country , for having postponed their aid so long ; but he did find some traces in his office , that indicated a disposition to rouse from its guilty lethargy ; but nothing like an active step had been taken to succour those who expected our aid . complimented the noble lord on his prudence in reserving these extensive accusations for an occasion when they were only incidentally introduced , and when no specific answer could be made to them . He could excuse the temporary warmth with which the right hon . gent . had launched out on one of those topics of accusation ; but the noble lord had brought forth a grand declamation , had assumed facts totally unproved , and had made statements wholly without foundation , for the purpose of censuring the general conduct of the war by the late administration . He had prudently forborne producing these general charges until near the close of the session , then incidentally , when no reply could be given to them , having omitted to bring forward any allegations during four months that he had been in power . As far as he could , he would distinctly go over the statements of the noble lord . His first general charge against his majesty 's late ministers , was of supineness and abandonment of the continent . Whether an army ought to have been sent at all to the continent , whether it thought to have been sent to one place or to another—these were grand questions of policy not to be decided immediately , or obliquely . If the gentlemen opposite had a mind to arraign the conduct of the late administration on this subject , in God 's name let them appoint a day for that purpose . The question was , whether it would not have been ridiculous for an insular power , like Great Britain , to attack the considerable armies on the continent , when the very next minute , her own defence might require the presence at home of every soldier whom she could collect ? When he said this he did not mean to go so far as to assert , that no occasion could in his opinion arise , in which such a cooperation on our part would be unadviseable . So with regard to subsidies , were 1038 we to be merely the great bank of Europe , on which the different nations should be empowered to draw in defence of their own existence ? Was that a good habit to give them ? Was not the result likely to be that they would make no spontaneous exertions ? But in asking these questions , did he say , that subsidies ought never to be granted ? These were great questions of national importance , and not to be decided upon by a declamatory speech , but to the discussion