; he did conceive that two most important principles were involved in the consideration of that question . Was it not , in the first place , of some importance , that persons of ability should be appointed to fill different offices in the service of the public ; and was it not of some importance also , that the legislature should provide that his majesty should not be deprived of the fair exercise of his prerogative , in selecting such only as he thought qualified to fill the offices ? This power , the practice of granting places in reversion might deprive him of , in many instances . And in the second place , was if not of some considerable importance , with a view to public economy that if at any particular time an office should be declared to be useless with respect to public service , and such as ought to be abolished , was it not of some very material importance , that it should be in the power of the servants of the crown to abolish the office upon the office becoming vacant ? There was , for instance , a case that occurred last year , in which it would have been well if the measure , which was then spoken of , had been so long in force , as that places were entirely free on the death of the present occupant . The place of Customer of the port of Dublin became vacant by the death of the last officer who filled that place . That was one of the places which it was recommended by the 1166 committee of finance to abolish . The duke of Bedford then lord lieutenant of Ireland , being influenced by the same spirit of economy which actuated the minds of his majesty 's confidential advisers in this country , would have abolished the office if it had been in his power so to do ; but , he found on enquiry , that a reversion was entailed upon him ; he did then all that was in that case left for him to do ; he took care that during his administration of the affairs of Ireland , no reversionary interest of that situation should be granted . The right hon . gent. , however , stated , with reference to what was supposed to have passed in another place , that a noble lord , who already possessed a reversionary interest , might be considered one of the most fit persons to speak upon the subject . Now , to make out this case , the right hon . gent . should at least have proved , that a person in such a situation must be completely satisfied that the measure of his desires must of course be full . Until he did this , which would be extremely difficult for him to do , he could not support his proposition . Unfortunately , however , for his argument , an instance was glanced at in the course of the debate , in which the person alluded to had two reversionary interests ; and it naturally followed that , where this strong desire , for emolument was manifested , the person might very probably be ready to accept a third , or would even have no objection to the acceptance of a fourth for himself or some branch of his family . In every point of view in which he could consider the subject , he thought it to be such as deserved his utmost approbation , and from every additional discussion that it underwent , he was strengthened in his former opinions on this subject . The house had itself declared its opinion almost unanimously , they had done what they conceived to be essential to the public interest , and he hoped that that house , the great inquest of the nation , would continue to proclaim its opinion with all the weight which it carried with it , to the other branch of the legislature , to the crown , and to the country , in the most firm and