of the propriety and policy of their measures , and proud of what they had done . In both instances the advances been made in cases of great and pressing emergency , and formed only a small part of the subsidy which was to have been paid in consequence of the treaties , had they been completed . considered it as very important , that every means should be of forded of judging of the continental policy , for which his majesty 's ministers promised 1028 so largely , and in which they were ready to pledge the country so deeply . For it was stated expressly , that the 10,000l . advanced , was part of a much larger sum , which would have been to be paid if the treaty had taken place . This led to the question of the policy of making so large an engagement . Knowing the situation in which the king of Prussia was at the time when the arrangement was made , it was matter of desire to know what were the particulars of the arrangement . It might , perhaps , be possible to frame a motion so as to get at the treaty , or at least the substance of it . By considering the policy of what ministers had done in framing that treaty , it would be possible to judge of the policy of what they would have done if a larger opportunity had been afforded to them , and of their general views and general policy with respect to the continent . was still of opinion , that the treaty itself could not possibly be laid before the house ; but it was competent to the hon . gent . to frame a motion for any information he might wish for ; the house would exercise its discretion as to the propriety of granting such information , and in the discussion the hon . member would have an opportunity of knowing , and commenting upon much of the continental policy of his majesty 's servants . He could assure him that there was no shyness on his part , or that of his colleagues ; to submit their conduct to the judgment and investigation of the house , and they challenged that investigation with as full confidence as those who had preceded them . If the hon . gent . felt any jealousy at this time in particular , let him call for any information he wished for . The vote now before the committee rested on the some ground as the advance made by the late government in March . The only difference was , that the advance then made was specific , and distinct in itself ; while the subsequent advance was made in prospect of a subsidy , from which , if this treaty had taken effect , it would have been deducted . This advance might have been stated to the house as a distinct thing , like the other ; but his majesty 's government thought it better to profess the whole truth without disguise . He lamented , that invincible impediments of form prevented the house from having the treaty before it . was ready to admit that the right hon . gent . and his colleagues , acted from the best view they had of what 1029 was a proper course of continental policy ; and therefore he could suppose them very ready to give every explanation that could be required of them . It had been stated on a former occasion , by a noble friend of his , now absent ( lord Howick ) , that though the advance of 80,000l . had been made for the particular purpose of providing for the defence of Silesia , which it was politic to provide for at the time , yet that there was no intention of entering into any engagement of subsidy , and that none would be entered into without that caution which past experience had shewn to be so necessary for the protection of the public interest . This 100,000l . was , in fact , part