with which they have suffered those grievances.—The noble lord concluded with making his first motion ; which being seconded by the hon . Mr. Dillon . and expressed his astonishment at the statements and observations which he had just heard ; which really were such that he had hardly thought it possible that they could have come from so gallant an officer . If any thing of blame , said the hon . officer , attaches to the loss of the Atalante and the Felix , that blame is attributable to me and to commodore Keats . But the fact is , that the loss of the Atalante was not at all owing to her having been in a bad state . She drove ashore in a swell upon a fine day , and if she had not been sound , her crew could not have been saved . But the noble lord could not ascribe blame in consequence of this vessel 's going ashore . For such an accident was no proof of neglect on the part of the officers . No censure could apply to them , any more than it could to the conduct of the noble lord himself , when he lost his ship some time since . A clear understanding of the case , therefore , was only necessary to refute this part of the noble lord 's charges , and to shew that neither the officers nor any other person could be fairly blamed for the fate of the Atalante , for that fate was owing to an accident against which any commander , however vigilant , might be utterly unable to guard . Now , as to the Felix ; that vessel perished in a gale of wind in St. Andero Bay , where she was sent with a flag of truce . She remained four days in the bay ; and , had the soundest vessel in the navy been in 761 the same situation in a gale of wind , she would have very little chance , if any , of escaping a similar fate . Indeed , there was ample proof that the Felix was not in a bad state ; but when she was in port , the lieutenant wanted to go ashore to settle his accounts , and was refused . There is the secret , and hence probably this charge . I do not mean to impute to the noble lord any disposition to state any thing which he does not himself strictly believe . But the noble lord may be , I know he has been , misinformed , and when he comes forward with such misinformation to breed discontent in the navy , I feel it my duty , as it is the duty of every man who respects the best interests of that body , to resist him.—With regard to what the noble lord has said about provisions , and sickness , and medicines , I challenge him to prove any of his allegations . I. sailed from Plymouth , and when I recollect it , I can not help laughing at the noble lord 's statement . I had several men sick on board , but they recovered at sea . I had in one engagement 30 men killed and 100 wounded , and there was no such thing as a want of medicines or lint ; nothing of the kind was to be heard of . I am fully of opinion , that none of the noble lord 's assertions on this subject can be maintained . I have , I think , sufficiently replied to his statement relative to the Atalante and Felix ; and I see no good to which any part of his statements can tend , though I can perceive in them very strong grounds to apprehend serious mischief . followed on the same side . He deprecated the attempts made perpetually to harass a gallant meritorious old officer [ a cry of hear ! hear ! ] He had no hesitation in saying , that the grounds of attack appeared quite fallacious . For himself , he