magistrates possessed under the existing law , of the improper manner in which they employed it upon elections , and that such , a law required revision . He knew that in 1103 some populous towns , at a distance from the metropolis , every publican voted at an election according to the will of the magistrate , in consequence of the undue influence derived from the existence of this law . He agreed , therefore , in the necessity which called for some correction of the abuse complained of ; but he agreed also with those who considered it improper to have the grounds of objection which magistrates might feel to a publican 's license become the subject of discussion in a court of law . For in that case be could not help thinking the remedy almost as bad as the evil . The mode of redress which occurred to his mind would be to extend authority for granting licenses or hearing appeals conferred upon a larger number of magistrates , who , from their number , would probably be free from the operation of local feeling or party prejudice . Thus justice might be done to the publicans and to the public , for whose interest , he thought that , if the principle of such a measure as this were unexceptionable , it ought to be extended to the whole country . He therefore recommended to the right hon . gent . to withdraw his bill for the present session . professed his disposition to yield to whatever appeared to be the general wish of the house , and therefore he should comply with the request of his hon . friend ( Mr. Moore ) , to any suggestion from whom he should be always happy to attend . At the same time he could not help noticeing the surprise expressed by the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , that he should have brought forward this bill at so late a period of the session . What , said Mr. S. , the right hon . gent. , who has surprised the house and the country so much himself —he who has surprised the house at a late period of the session with his plan of government for Ireland—who has surprised it with his new military project—who has surprised it by proposing to suspend that highly laudable and universally praised system , the plan of enlisting for a limited time , —and yet , that after all the right hon . gent . should talk to me about surprising the house ! But , among all his surprises there is one surprise which he could not produce , namely that of surprising me by opposing this bill ; for I expected it.—The right hon , gent . proceeded to state the manner in which he had acted with a view to produce a satisfactory bill . First , he drew up a bill such as some gentlemen now professed to wish for , combining the case of brewers owning public-houses 1104 with that before the house respectively ; but then objections arose , to which he yielded , in proposing to make those the objects of separate bills . Again , he proposed to make the bill general ; but to this very great difficulties were suggested ; he found many men , and magistrates particularly , who were willing to let him do what he pleased with Middlesex and Surrey , provided he let the remainder of the country alone . He therefore endeavoured to make a beginning of that reform in those counties , which so many gentlemen had professed to desire to extend to all England . But a committee of inquiry was required previous to the introduction of such a bill as this . He however , would beg those who desired such a committee , to reflect upon the expence and trouble that must attend such a committee ; to consider if witnesses were to be summoned from all parts of England and Wales , what time such a committee must last , and when it was likely