an hour 's warning to march against the enemy ; a force regularly and systematically disciplined , and on which a commander might fully rely ; a force composed of men in the full vigour of life , and animated with all the ardour which characterizes the prime of youthful manhood . With such a force to back our regular army , we might bid defiance to all our enemies . A local militia , constituted in the efficient manner that has been proposed , would certainly be alone sufficient for the defence of all those parts of the coast that are not peculiarly exposed , and where the principal descent of the enemy is not to be expected , The whole of the troops of the line , and of the regular or old established militia , might then be concentrated in one powerful army , in a position calculated to meet the main invasion . If the enemy should succeed in landing an army of such force , as to be an overmatch for that which is thus prepared to receive him in the first * According to the plan which has been here sketched , the expense incurred to the public would not be very widely different from that of the volunteers , when their establishment was at its height . 1142 instance , the skill of our commanders would be tried , in avoiding a general action as long as possible . Our army retiring from one strong position to another , towards the interior of the country , would be continually approaching to their re-inforcements , and the local militia pouring in from all sides , would soon form such an addition of force , as to be capable of overwhelming the most powerful army , that the invader would choose to risk in the undertaking . In the course of these operations , indeed , some part of our country would unavoidably be left exposed to the ravages of the enemy , but it is not likely that we should be under the necessity of abandoning the metropolis ; for the metropolis itself would furnish so large a re-inforcement , as might , in all probability , decide the fate of the campaign.—The measures that have been suggested , would thus be of great importance in enabling us to meet the immediate exigency , which now presses upon us . But this is only a part of the benefit to be expected from them . Were they established as a permanent system , our means of defence would go on , in a continual progress of improvement . Every year a new crop , it I may use the expression , of nearly 100,000 youths would enter the local militia to begin the acquisition of military discipline ; every year a corresponding proportion would quit this militia , but would carry with them habits firmly fixed in that period of life when lasting impressions are most easily made . Every year , therefore , a greater and a greater proportion of our people would be ready to take up arms in defence of their country ; and if the dangers of our situation should continue to increase , so that even a force of 500,000 well-disciplined men in aid of our regular army should appear insufficient for our security , the second class of local militia would soon be composed of men who had been thoroughly trained in the first class , and who would still be perfectly capable of doing the duty of soldiers . In process of time , the whole people will have gone through a course of discipline ; we shall become , like our enemies , a nation of soldiers ; and then England will assuredly be , invincible.—There is no reason for apprehending that this institution will ever relax in its efficacy . Established on a systematic plan , the training of the local militia must go on in peace as well as in war . If there be any probability that peace can be 1143 obtained , on terms which this country can accept without disgrace ,