assistance demanded by her was to negociate a loan with this country , which the late administration refused , but which the right hon . gent . said , he should have acceded to . That this refusal was most wise , appeared to him to be indisputable . Let the country recollect the Austrian loan , and the sums which had been paid for giving facility to its negociation . As to any military assistance to Russia and Prussia , independent of Sweden , the right hon . gent . had reduced his accusation to a mere expectation entertained by those powers . On the whole , he thought it incumbent on the house to entertain the subject by itself on some specific day , that these accusations might be brought to a point , and that it might be known how far the late ministry were accessary to the recent disasters on the continent , and he hoped that the gentlemen opposite would afford the means of elucidating the subject by laying on the table the correspondence in their possession . The right hon . gent . stated , that one of our ministers abroad expressed his opinion that expectations of assistance had been excited . Did he mean lord Hutchinson ? With regard to the assertions of those who were lately our allies , and who were now , he feared , our enemies , was it not likely that they would avail themselves of exaggerated statements against Eng- 1084 land , to endeavour to clear themselves from the odium of the transactions into which both , or at least one of those powers had recently been forced ? explained what he had said the other evening on the subject of the Russian loan . A noble lord opposite ( lord H. Petty ) had declared his objection to such a measure in very strong terms , and all that he had stated was , that he was not so averse from it as the noble lord . Now , with respect to bringing the subjects which the hon . gent . had detailed in a distinct shape before parliament , for the purpose of calling for their judgment , he wished to know how they were to be brought forward . Were the gentlemen opposite to impute gross misconduct to his majesty 's minister , by contrasting their proceedings with those of their predecessors , and were his majesty 's ministers to be precluded from stating in defence of themselves their opinion of the proceedings of their predecessors , unless they originated a charge against them ? He denied this . Besides , according to the hon . gent 's . statement , these charges would amount to a solemn accusation of crime . All that had been said by him was , that the late government , though acting to the best of their judgment , had not acted for the benefit of the country . This had been extorted from his majesty 's ministers in their own defence , and they were now called upon to make it the ground of a charge . If the exertions of the present ministers had been too late , they were bound to state that it was , because their predecessors had left them without the means of making earlier efforts . contended that the right hon . gent . had distinctly charged the late administation not with mere want of ability , but with a criminal violation of promise . observed , that when ministers made a charge , they ought to follow it up , because the documents were in their possession , and they could plead no excuse , except it was that the production of these documents would be attended with manifest injury to the interests of the country . Secrecy on this account might certainly be necessary ; but he believed there was no such obstacle in the way in the present instance , nor , indeed , was any such alledged . The late ministers were ready to support their charge ; if the present ones by way of answer to