it not galling to officers who had exerted themselves in making their men good soldiers , to have so constitutional a force for defence frittered away , at the moment when there was a probability of its being brought into action ? It would be to mock them , to give them the name of militia , if they were to be converted into a supplying source to the army . If ever the day was to arrive , when British blood was to be shed upon British ground , it would be degrading and disgraceful to militia officers to be deprived of the opportunity of shewing their bravery and their skill in the defence of their country . The noble lord had also declared , that it was not his intention to alter or interfere with the system of his right hon . friend : but it was his intention to subvert it . The ballot would interfere with the regular recruiting , and a falling off in that would afford ground of charge against the system . The hon . gentlemen opposite viewed with an envious and malignant eye the immortal credit belonging to the system established by his right hon . friend . Had not that system procured more men than the additional force act and the ordinary recruiting in the same time ? It had ; and that was doing a great deal . He remembered the high bounties and the complicated and vexatious machinery of that bill : he remembered the ages and description of men obtained by it , and if the returns were to be analyzed , he believed that it would appear that no such numbers as appeared in the returns had been actually supplied to the army . The scheme of the noble lord was a covered attack by sap upon the system of his right hon . friend.—Having said thus much in opposition to the bill , he should add , that he was not as great an enemy as others to the ballot , as a mode of recruiting for the army , but it was only to be justified by a strong and imperious 939 necessity . The defensive force marked out by the constitution should not be frittered away : and if any considerable addition were necessary to the disposable force of the country , the ballot ought rather to be applied to that purpose , than in the manner proposed in this bill . so far as his observation had extended , though he allowed that was rather a limited criterion , had found that desertion had not decreased in consequence of the late measures of military arrangement . He thought some extraordinary exertion in the way of recruiting was required in the present crisis . With respect to any general diminution in the attendance of volunteer corps , he was not competent to speak ; but in the corps that he commanded , consisting of 400 men , there had been no falling off . He thought it a great defect in the arrangement of the late plan , with respect to the militia , that the ballot was altogether stopped , and that the vacancies occasioned by the retreat of those who had served their terms , were not filled up . He was of opinion , that the inspecting field-officers , though in some instances of use , need not be so numerous as they now were . said , it must be allowed , that the present crisis called for every possible exertion , in order to have not only ample means of defence at home , but also of powerful attack , if opportunity should offer . He agreed that our existing armed force was , in comparison with our population , beyond that of any other country . But when the despotic power of the present ruler of France had been unable to find recruits without resorting to conscription , he did not see why we should abstain from resorting to a measure of equal force for the defence of the freedom and happiness we enjoyed . The recruiting under