exactly as he thought it should be ; as the change was made , he had no objection to the gentlemen introduced . The practice of granting pensions without the controul of the treasury or the exchequer , was a stronger ground of inquiry . When it was recorded on the journals , that seats in the house were bought and sold like bullocks in Smithfield market ( Mr. Horne Tooke 's petition ) , it was too much to find fault with the noble lord for adverting to newspaper advertisements . He complained that the power of the crown had greatly increased since it had been declared to be already excessive ; and as a friend to the democratic part of the constitution , he wished to see that excessive power reduced within proper bounds . The excess of power rendered it insecure ; and when the influence of corruption and weakness was combined with the operation of that excessive power , the danger was enhanced , and the mischief aggravated . While he said this , however , he did not go the length of the individual ( sir F. Burdett ) who had so rashly expressed himself in wishing to see the accursed leaves of the Red Book destroyed . He conceived that that person must not have been well acquainted with the nature of that book . It was one which differed materially from the Livre-Rouge in France ; 749 for it contained many offices of great utility to the country ; also , he did not deny that it contained many abuses ; and he wished to God that they were effectually removed . To refuse such an inquiry as this , would be to do the house more mischief than all the abuse of all the Corresponding Societies could do . Without shewing a disposition to satisfy the public in a case of this kind , the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Perceval ) would count in vain upon his majorities . hoped , that as there was no doubt that an opinion prevailed as to the existence of much corruption in the house , the motion would be so framed , as to refute that opinion , or at least to shew in what degree and in what instance it was warranted . The object of the noble lord seemed to be , to place under one collected view , a mass of information now detached , and in many instances inaccessible . If the motion was referred to the committee of finance , with an instruction to inquire into and report upon the matter contained in it , the report would probably be of a most useful description . said , that no opposition would be made to the motion , if the noble mover would assent to a modification , such as was suggested from the other side . It was his wish to give all possible information . To call for a return of all those connected with members of parliament would be to lead to an endless list of persons , from which no practical result could be derived . Officers in the army and navy , for instance , and on the half pay would be included . If the matter was referred to the committee , it might inquire not only into pensions held by members of parliament , which would be distinguished by the names , but into all pensions , by whomsoever held . The lists of pensions and places might be had from the different departments ; but , if the inquiry of the committee was deemed satisfactory , he saw no objection to it . He thought the motion ought to be extended in some respects , and narrowed in others , in order to give it a useful and not unnecessary range . The crown being allowed the power of granting pensions to a certain amount , it would be competent to inquire before the report of the committee , as well as after , whether the pension list ought to be reduced . The house having fixed the amount