forth as advocates for the cause of Ireland , who preferred government by Law to a government by arbitrary power and military execution , and who refused to vote away the liberties of a brave and honourable people , without any other semblance of necessity than the mere ipse dixit of the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer , and his legal friends the attorney and solicitor-generals . And what was the testimony of those right hon . gentlemen ? Why , that none of them knew any thing about Ireland , but that they understood from good authority that there was a disposition to insurrection there . Who told them so ? Did they learn it by any official document from the duke of Richmond ? or was it only from the whispers of those hon . gentlemen from that side the water , who wished to feed their credulity ? For gentlemen in their stations , to say they 1094 were unacquainted with the affairs of Ireland , might be well enough before the union ; but after that event , such a declaration was as ridiculous as to say they knew nothing about Middlesex or Yorkshire . The former act , of which this was meant to be the companion , was abominable enough , but this was a thousand times worse . By a clause in this bill , nothing in the shape of a blacksmith must exist in Ireland but at the discretion of the magistrates , unless he would swear and give security that he would never make any thing in the shape of a pike . Thus every gentleman in Ireland was liable to be plundered out of his arms ; and every blacksmith in that devoted country prevented from following his trade , or earning his livelihood , at the discretion of any two petty justices of the peace . Would any man , in his cool senses , suppose that such a measure was not calculated to excite universal discontent in Ireland ; to convert the friends of the government , and the most loyal and peaceable people of the country into enemies , and to produce all those very mischiefs which it was avowedly directed to prevent ? He should , however , beg leave to add to the bill a clause , by way of rider . It would be , to make it high treason to communicate to Napoleon emperor of the French , either of those bills ; for he was convinced that such a communication would be the most direct , effectual , and traitorous communication to the enemy for the invasion of Ireland . The hon . and right hon . and learned gentlemen opposite to him took no notice of the speeches of his hon . friends ; but if they were ignorant of the affairs of that country , knowledge should be forced upon them , or they ought to suffer for their ignorance . Notwithstanding the declaration of a right hon . friend of his ( Mr. Grattan ) , and whose authority had been so generally quoted by the supporters of this and the former bill , he would not lend his conscience to any man against his conviction . The Irish security was gone upon the expedition to the Baltic ; regiment after regiment was drawn from Ireland for foreign service ; and now the country was to be garrisoned by two arbitrary acts of parliament . But surely if ministers were serious in believing the danger , this was the way to encourage and promote it.—The house then divided , for the amendment 28 , against it 80 , majority 52. then rose to move an amendment in the bill , by shortening the duration of it . He thought the house ought to be a jealous of such a bill as of the act , 1095 and that it ought only to be past for one year . We ought to pay the same acknowledgement to the liberty of the subject in Ireland as in this country . We ought to anticipate that amelioration in the