charged him , as well as other noble lords , with having held the language of perpetual exclusion . From that charge the noble earl said he felt it necessary to vindicate himself . He had spoken his sentiments under the impressions of his mind , according to his present view of the question ; impressions Which , he , was ready to acknowledge , were sufficiently strong to induce him to apprehend , that he might not see the day when he should be enabled to change them : but the arrogance of assuming a political foresight to the extent of saying `` the time never would come , '' was not justly imputable to him . The noble earl said , he would shortly advert to what had fallen from him upon , the motion for amending the Address , as he had been so particularly alluded to by the noble baron . Upon that occasion , in referring to the charge that had been alledged against his majesty 's ministers , of having , for electioneering purposes , excited the cry of `` no popery , '' he had neither attempted to exculpate them from the imputation nor had he concurred with those by whom the charge was brought forward . He had stated it as his opinion , that other circumstances had occurred , so obviously calculated to produce a general discussion of the Catholic question , that it was not necessary to look beyond them for the public feeling that had been manifested.—The attention of parliament , and of the nation at large had been drawn to that question . by the explanation his majesty 's late ministers had thought it their duty to give , of the differences , that had led to their removal from office . By that explanation it appeared , that there was a party in this country , composed of individuals highly respectable for their property , character , and abilities , who were determined to exert every influence they possessed for the purpose of obtaining the repeal of those laws by which the Catholics were restrained from holding certain offices civil and military as well as the capacity of sitting in parliament ; and that , in conformity to the opinion entertained by these distinguished persons , a large majority of the king 's late ministers had represented to his majesty `` That in the 789 `` event of their continuance in . office , they must not be understood us being restrained from submitting , from time to time , for his majesty 's decision , such measures respecting Ireland , as the course of circumstances should appear to require ; '' or , in other words , that their system for the government of Ireland would be founded on the principle of further concessions to the Catholics , With such a system , thus openly avowed , attended by communications , intimating to the people of this country that it was directly at variance with the sentiments of his majesty , was it possible , the noble earl asked , that the public mind should not be agitated with the Catholic question ? He should not however regret that discussion , because the advantage that resulted from it appeared to him of considerable importance . The sense , of the people of England being now known upon this question , the conscientious obligations of duty by which his : majesty was actuated , would not now be considered as the exclusive obstacle to what is called . `` Catholic emancipation . '' The rejection of the Catholic petition by the Irish -house of commons in 1792 , followed , as it had been , by the act of the succeeding year , was adduced by the noble baron , as an instance of the little reliance that was to he placed upon any determination that might be taken upon such a subject ; and he had been pleased to call that measure a hasty decision . '' The noble earl said , he could not hear a reflection upon Irish parliament , without rising in its