of his right hon . friend , although it had proved itself superior to the Additional Force act , and the ordinary recruiting combine disapproved of compulsory service , which resolved int 963 ballot , as raising up a competition against the regular recruiting , which it could not stand , and which must always drive it out of the market . He thought that voluntary service should be carried as far as it would go , and that the situation of the soldier should be rendered as comfortable as possible , as an inducement for him to enter . He desired gentlemen to recollect that this was not an emergency of a week , or of a month , or of a year , but one which would in all probability last for some time . If the house or the country therefore were content with a temporary remedy , they deceived themselves . He did not see that the plan of the noble lord could do any good . Between the two he preferred that of the army of reserve , on this principle , that if they were to resort to a mode of compulsory service in the line of the regular recruiting , that mode would do least mischief , as it interfered with no other portion of our defensive force , but allowed every thing to remain settled and undisturbed . On the subject of making a diversion in favour of our allies , the right hon . gent . had tauntingly said , that if such a thing had been thought of at an early period of the campaign by the late ministers , it might have been possible to have protracted the war . He hoped , however , gentlemen would recollect , that as , on the one hand , it might have been possible to protract the war by sending a British force to the assistance of our allies , so , on the other hand , it was equally possible , without benifiting our allies by such protracted warfare that a considerable loss in British valour , British blood , and British lives , might have been the consequence . The first expedition under lord Cathcart was not attended with any great success , not from any want of courage , skill , or bravery in that gallant officer or his troops , but from what other cause he should not say . He hoped the second expedition under the command of his lordship would be more successful . The right hon . gent . had said , that it was well known that the late ministers were to do nothing for the Catholics of Ireland , but that they would have been glad to have remained in place at the expence of sacrificing every measure of conciliation to wards them . This the noble lord denied . He had thought , that if any thing was more notorious than another , it was this , that they had refused to enter into any pledge not to advise his majesty to such acts as they might think to be for the interest of 964 that body , and of the kingdom of Ireland in general . If there was any thing more notorious than another , it was this , that the late ministers had other measures besides the Catholic Officers bill to propose for the good of that body . If ministers really wished to provide effectually for the defence of the country , they would speedily , he knew they must , sooner or later , do something to repair the lost condition of Ireland . expressed his utmost confidence in the alacrity of the militia to render all possible service to their country ; and he was sure that that constitutional force would conform with the utmost cheerfulness to such arrangements as the government might think proper to adopt for strengthening the national arm , and affording due measures of defence and security to the empire . felt that the present was a question of the utmost moment ; and was therefore not surprized at the various