from his majesty , ( see the house of commons , ) recommending it to parliament to make provision for such measure as might be necessary to meet any emergencies during the present crisis . In reply to a question from lord Holland , lord Hawkesbury said , that it was merely the usual message delivered at the close of every session , in order to form the foundation of a vote of credit . This message was also ordered to be taken into consideration to-morrow . offered a petition from W. Spurrier , who had been ordered to attend the house , to answer as to the detention of the Poole writ . The petition went to excuse the conduct of the petitioner , who prayed the indulgence of the house . The Speaker suggested , that it was informal to receive a petition from an individual ordered to attend in his person . The individual would have an opportunity to offer his excuse in the course of his examination at the bar.—A new writ was ordered for the county of Kinross , in the room of Mr. Adam , who , having been elected for Kincardineshire also , had made his election to serve for the latter.—Mr . secretary Canning presented at the bar a copy of the treaty of amity , enterred into between his majesty and the king of Prussia . The right hon . secretary stated that this treaty had been framed at Memel on the 28th of January ; but the ratification of the king of Prussia had not arrived for many months after , and the events that had since occurred had entirely superseded the provisions agreed upon . brought up a message from the king , which was read from the chair as follows : `` G. R. His majesty thinks it proper to acquaint the house of commons , that he has entered into certain subsidiary engagements with the king of Sweden , copies of which , as soon as the ratifications shall have been exchanged , his majesty will direct to be 973 communicated to the house.—His majesty also thinks proper to acquaint the house of commons , that his majesty 's minister to the king of Prussia has , in consequence of authority from his majesty , and of the urgency of affairs upon the continent , advanced to the Prussian government the sum of 100,000l . sterling ; and that his majesty has , in the course of the campaign , furnished to the Prussian government supplies of arms and other military stores to an amount not exceeding in the whole the sum of 200,000l . sterling ; and his majesty trusts that the house will enable him to make good the same . '' said , that in moving that his majesty 's most gracious message be referred to the committee of supply , it might perhaps be agreeable to the gentlemen on the opposite side of the house , that he should shortly state the nature of the treaties mentioned in the message . The one was a subsidiary treaty with the king of Sweden , by which we had agreed to pay for the furnishing a further contingent of men for the defence of Swedish Pomerania and of Stralsund . The number before employed for those purposes , for which this country paid , was 14,000 men , and it was proposed to make an addition of 4,000 , which were to be paid for at the same rate as the others were . This was not , however , the contingent to which he had alluded on a former day . It would be recollected that a question had been put to him by an hon . gent . some time ago relative to treaties with the northern powers , and he had then mentioned that there were contingencies which were not then finally settled , which prevented the necessary communications on that subject being made . Those contingencies were certain subsidiary treaties which his majesty 's ministers had entered upon with the king of Prussia , and which the unfortunate circumstances that had