and the right hon . gent . dub themselves champions of the cause of the Roman catholics , for bringing forward a measure , which those who called themselves the representatives of that body , declared they would not thank them for ; and which measure , such as it was , they had openly abandoned for the declared , avowed purpose , and for no other , of retaining their places and their power , thereby forsaking all claims to independence as members of parliament . The propriety of the late dissolution of parliament , which had been so much dwelt upon this night , appeared to him to be easily resolved and understood , The late ministers had dissolved the parliament they had found when they 642 came into office , and the people who justly valued their king , and the principles on which he had so long governed this empire ; returned the friends of his ministers . A difference soon after arose between the king and his ministers ; the consequence of which was their parting ; but several members of the commons chose rather to adhere to their patrons the ministers , than to the principles on which their constituents , the people , had elected them . The natural consequence was an appeal to the people . No other question , no other principle was connected with this dissolution than the avowal of the late ministers , either you shall govern with us , or you shall not govern at all . The hon . gent . said he should vote for the original address , and consequently against the amendment . He saw in that amendment the continuance of a plan that first was acted on in 1784 , that had often been repeated , often had failed , and that he sincerely hoped ever would fail , forcing the constitutional right of the crown to choose its own advisers , and substituting a faction of that house to rule in its place . in a maiden speech , observed , that if any thing could tend to open the eyes of the people as to the mode in which elections were influenced by government , enough had been said to that effect this night , by the two parties into which the house was divided . He alluded to the nomination of the 300 surveyors of taxes , and the appointment of 100 Inspecting Officers . What the real motive of appointing these officers was , whether for influencing the elections or not he would not say . But this much he knew , they were appointed before parliament was dissolved , at least he had been told by one gentleman before that period , that he was to be one of those Field Officers . However , after the mutual charges and recriminations which had been made , he thought there could be little doubt as to the motives and object of these appointments . But he should ever deprecate every interference of ministers in election concerns . He hoped , that as each party charged the other with making jobs with a view to influence the elections , the conduct of both , in this respect , would be inquired into . He hoped some third party would arise , which would keep aloof from selfish interest , and sinecure places and pensions . Unless they acted upon different principles he could not honestly support either of the present parties . Both the address and the amendment seemed to him objectionable in some points . He disapproved of pre- 643 judging the expedition to Egypt , or of passing an oblique censure on it , while he could not approve of the amendment , since he could not find fault with the exercise of the royal prerogative in dismissing his late ministers and dissolving the parliament . and spoke to the following effect : —I shall , Mr. Speaker , consider the present question in two points of view , both as it regards the Catholics of Ireland , and as it affects his Majesty 's late ministers .