concerning his constituents . That noble lord had impressed the house with an idea that the majority of the landed proprietors , and of the commercial interest in the county of York , as stated by the noble lord , was in favour of the late administration : though the noble lord had obtained a majority , it arose from the misconception of the clothiers , with respect to the conduct of one of the candidates , Mr. Lascelles . But surely this was no proof whatever that the late ministers were more popular than their successors . agreed with the right hon . gent . ( Mr Bathurst ) that the question lay within a very narrow compass , but differed from him in his view of it . He did not think that the question lay , in the first instance , between the king and his ministers , though the present ministers had made it a colour to answer their own views throughout , the country . In saying this , he had no occasion , on his own part , to quarrel with them for the dissolution , because it afforded him an opportunity of proving again the high opinion which his constituents entertained of his consistency and opposition to the system supported by the present minister . He asked the present administration what they had made of their cry of `` No Popery '' at Bristol , Liverpool , Westminster , and , Middlesex ? He was decidedly in favour of the amendment . explained , and said that he 654 did not believe his ill-treatment at Bristol was owing to any such cry . said , that when his right hon . friend , the present chancellor of the exchequer , consented to continue as attorney-general when Mr. Pitt came last into administration , he did so under an express stipulation that the catholic measure should be brought forward , he should oppose it . Gentlemen on the other side of the house complained of the manner in which the Catholic bill had been opposed ; it was their own fault for bringing it forward ; they produced every thing they now complained of . As . to the late administration , as a body , he had to observe , that some of them were great men , but , they were made up of discordant materials : like those of 1784 , they promised a good deal , depended upon themselves much , but produced but little , and they met much the same fate , their dismissal being followed by a dissolution of parliament ; with regard to the leading member of the late administration , the late Mr. Fox ; of his talents there was but one opinion ; of their application , a great variety . In opposition , he had done much mischief . In government he might have done much good ; but really , with the exception of the Slave Trade bill , and the New Plan of Finance , which was a , good measure , although the defects of it were numerous , he knew of no public measure that reflected honour on the late administration . said , the question before the House had been amply discussed ; and he would only make a few observations in vindication of the late Administration . The cry against the Catholic bill had been raised by the present ministers for the purpose of injuring those who projected it . How far that cry had succeeded would be proved . He should , however , think the house disgraced itself if it did not approve of the late ministers , as no fair pretence had been stated for the imputations cast on them . and said , before he offered to explain some particulars relative to the late administration , he felt anxious to hear what reason could be assigned for the late act of dissolving the parliament without any apparent cause ; but no satisfactory observations had transpired on that subject . The Catholic bill had been discussed last session of parliament , and if any