would be of that description emphatically designated by a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) on a former night , sui generis . They would be men not cajoled or entrapped in an incautious moment ; but men who had seen service , and who only regretted , that the 934 sphere in which they had moved was too narrow for their glory . It had been objected , that the measure was founded upon compulsion , but that argument would apply against all the militia laws . These laws had at first been unpalatable , and produced riots , but the good sense of the people had reconciled them to them . But if this measure were one of even greater compulsion , he would readily lend himself to its support , under all the circumstances of the country , when its inveterate foe was compelling state after state upon the continent to become subservient to his power , and would perhaps enroll them all against this country . The minister of this country ought to provide , by the energy of his measures , for its safety . That was the duty of any man , whoever he might be , that was minister , and the measures he might adopt for such a purpose would be cheerfully submitted to and supported by the people . A minister who should act in that manner with energy would stand upon the firmest ground , but he that should neglect the security of the country , by pursuing an opposite course , could not maintain himself for any time . They had seen it stated in one of the French bulletins , that the French soldiers ridiculed the Cossacks for their mode of warfare , by discharging arrows at the enemy , as European arms were not to be encountered by such weapons . This shewed the necessity of procuring a force suitable to the enemy it would have to contend with . That enemy employed compulsion for the most tyrannical purposes , and should we not resort to it to insure our preservation ? The people , he was confident , would submit with alacrity to whatever should be necessary for that purpose . He could not believe that the militia officers , so brave , patriotic , and high-minded class of men , would feel any reluctance to consent to this measure , seeing and knowing as they must do , that our fate depended , not upon what we might do six months hence , but what we shall do present . Every feeling of public duty and private honour , a proper regard for our religion and property , as well as for every thing that can be valuable in civil or social life , must bind them to promote the measure . We should not blind ourselves to our situation . If the enemy should conquer this country , he would rob us of every thing we hold dear . He would realize what he told his army at Ulm , that he had 500 years of vengeance to inflict on 935 England . What he said then , he would no doubt realize , if he should succeed in his designs against this country . That enemy had never broken his word in any thing cruel , vengeful , or invasive . The long arrear of hate for the 500 years that Great Britain had rivalled and resisted the power of France , would be discharged with accumulated interest . If this were true , he was sure that militia officers would not feel either disgust or relaxation in consequence of a measure which was necessary to preserve the country from the dangers that threatened it . He was sure that there would be no objection to the measure , when it would be seen that it was become necessary . In the case of an individual who might not be willing to go from his family though balloted , a fund might be provided by private benevolence to cover him from the severity . He only threw out these hints