hoped , would come , not only when the reasons against such a proceeding might be fully expressed , but when the measure itself would be renewed , and carried , to the great satisfaction of the country.— Upon the rejection of this motion , the following protest was entered . Dissentient , because the protesting lords might be anxious to assign as a reason against the rejection of the bill , the assurances which were held out to the public , that the late dissolution of parliament was not suggested by his majesty 's advisers for the purpose , nor should in its consequences have the effect of frustrating , or even interrupting the benefits likely to arise from the labours of the committee of finance . Assurances which in our opinion have been violated by the sudden and unexpected rejection of the bill.— ( Signed ) Vassall Holland , Lauderdale , Cowper , Wentworth Fitzwilliam , Ponsonby , ( Imohilly . ) '' The order of the day for the third reading of this bill having been read , took the opportunity of expressing his disapprobation of it ; contending that the advantages which the line would derive from it , were by no means equal to the injuries which the militia , that great constitutional force , would sustain . He suspected that the Militia establishment was not a favourite with the present government , and yet they should not forget the zeal and spirit with which the Militia regiments volunteered their services to Ireland on a former occasion . He wished to know , from some of his majesty 's ministers , whether it was their intention to go upon this system from time to time , and draft from the militia whenever they wanted recruits for the regular army ? If it were so , it would become a serious consideration for the gentlemen who had already made great sacrifices , whether they were to continue long in the militia . For his part , it would be with an aching heart that he should part with those men who had grown perfect soldiers , who had formed an attachment to their officers , and whose officers were attached to them . He also wished to know , whether his majesty 's ministers had hitherto given any directions to prevent officers of the line from 1062 tampering with the soldiers of militia regiments ? The reason he asked this question was , that he had received a letter from the lieut . colonel of the regiment he had the honour to command , stating , that from the moment it was first understood that recruiting was to be permitted from the militia , the officers of regular regiments had begun to tamper with the privates of the Lancashire militia , and also that drunkenness and want of discipline had commenced , which was to be expected in a few weeks . said , he had always stated that he conceived a periodical or annual drafting from the militia , would be destructive to that service , without producing a correspondent service to the army , as the regular ballot would increase very much the price of the bounty . As to the other point , he must say , that no such general orders had been given , and that he should have thought it presumptuous for ministers to advise such general orders , at least until one branch of the legislature should have agreed to the measure . The regular officers , however , who , contrary to their duty , should tamper with militia soldiers in the mean time , would probably gain nothing by acting in that incorrect manner . For example ; if any officers , whose regiments were quartered near the Lancashire militia , expected that they would gain the soldiers who should volunteer from that regiment , they would probably find themselves mistaken , and that some regiment at a greater distance might be pointed out for those men to join . observed , that if the bill had been brought forward early in the session , the sense