without advisers , and drew a distinction between the sovereign in his executive and in his legislative capacities , and asserted strongly that it was in his executive capacity alone that the coronation oath was binding upon him . considered the proposed mode of inquiry to be of all others the least eligible , and indeed to be only brought forward for party purposes ; he therefore thought it beneath the dignity and justice of the house to bend itself to such a proceeding : the present ministers had done nothing to forfeit the confidence of the country , and 737 till they skewed themselves unworthy , he , and he trusted the house , would support them . apologized to the house for the haste and perhaps indiscretion with which he had obliged strangers to withdraw , but he trusted the house would pardon what had been occasioned by an impulse of surprise and sorrow at hearing the hon . mover talk of `` the fallen fortunes of this country ; '' nor did the continuation of the hon . member 's speech shew that his measure was so unnecessary or indiscreet as it might have been thought ; for surely the manner in which he had treated the affairs of Ireland was not calculated to do good by being promulgated . He assured the house he had acted from the impulse of duty in this matter , with great personal pain and reluctance ; a pain that would be greatly increased if he thought the house disapproved of his proceeding . opposed the motion as tending , to no good practical end . said a few words in favour of the motion . went at some length into the details of the campaign in Poland , and expressed his confident opinion , that , in a military point of view , the position of Buonaparte was extremely critical . spoke in favour of the motion . He argued some of the legal points already touched upon by sir A Pigott . He observed freely on the state of Ireland , and concluded by shewing , by many examples , how constitutional the proposed measure was at all time , and how peculiarly useful it would be at this . opposed the motion , as nugatory and even dangerous . It stood on no good theory , and it tended to no good practice ; the variety of topics which would divide the attention of a committee of the whole house , would tender it impossible to maintain any regular discussion , or to arrive at any useful conclusion ; every gentleman would introduce his own favourite subject , and the committee would lose , its patience and its time in endless debate . But , really , from those party subjects , he wished gentlemen would turn their attention to the awful situation of public affairs . He had heard an honourable friend of his ( Mr. Milnes ) with great pleasure and admiration , but he would not be so sanguine in his hopes of the country , as the more ardent mind and the better spirits of his youthful friend caused him to be . He did fear much , and with that so- 738 lemn impression on him , he could not avoid lamenting that gentlemen in that house and the people at large , seemed not aware of the extent of the danger , and suffered their thoughts to be distracted to petty objects , from the great and paramount duty of preparing for the most momentous of contests . He had , indeed , hopes , which arose , however , from causes different from those that some hon . gentlemen seemed to build upon ; he had hopes from moral causes , surer than mere human agency in their effect , and more complete and decisive in their results . He trusted that those causes would act as they had hitherto in all ages and times invariably done , and in that trust it was that he had hopes for this country . The hon . gent . then alluded to the