state ( lord Hawkesbury ) so eloquently declaimed against the dissolution of the preceding parliament , that the noble lord did not then rise to answer his arguments . The noble lord has , however , had recourse to a sort of argumentum ad hominem , in attacking the dissolution resorted to by the last ministers , but his argument decidedly makes against the point he intended to prove . The noble lord states , that at the time of that dissolution there was no irritation of the public mind , no material difference of opinion . Why , then , was not that the moment for an appeal to the people ? The noble lord then states , that at the time of the last dissolution there was great irritability and collision of opinion . Is it not then clear , that that was a most improper period for a dissolution of parliament , when , instead of a cool and dispassionate appeal to the people , it could only be an appeal to their inflamed prejudices and passions ? But my lords , is there no difference between dissolving parliament in the recess , and in the midst of a session ? The opinion of one of the greatest men this country boasts , I mean , lord Somers , was , that to dissolve parliament in the midst of a session , was , if not absolutely , at least almost , illegal , and I will not allow for a moment that a prorogation for a day , followed by a dissolution , can make the slightest difference . It is a mere evasion . The noble lord having used an argumentum ad hominem , I may also be allowed the same kind of argument , and I call upon the noble duke now at the head of his majesty 's counsels to take into his hand the speech now put into the mouth of his majesty , the speech delivered from the throne in the year 1784 , and the amendment then moved in the other house of parliament , by Mr. Burke , which had the entire concurrence of the noble duke . If the noble duke can devote his attention to the subject , he will find those constitutional principles most ably and eloquently enforced in that amendment , which have now been so flagrantly violated . We were told in the speech put into the mouth of the king on the prorogation of the last parliament , that that was the most convenient time for putting a period to the business of parliament . It is impossible for me to apply that expression to this assertion of the ministers which it deserves . The most convenient time ! when business of the utmost importance was interrupted , when 588 there was no appropriation of the public money ! And , my lords , I should wish to know whether the public money has not been , in consequence , illegally appropriated . My lords , these measures tend to make this house a cypher in the constitution . The great opulence which centers in this house contributes largely to the supplies , and the only hold we have upon them is the appropriation act . Supplies are not now raised as they formerly were ; and the arguments which formerly justified resisting the supplies will not now justify them . Ministers have the supplies in their hands from the nature of the taxes ; and if they can appropriate them , too , without coming to parliament , what security have we that parliaments will be assembled at all ? My lords , these daily growing infringements of the constitution demand our most serious and earnest attention . I , who think the influence of the crown has increased , is increasing , and ought to be diminished , am a friend to frequent appeals to the people , but not by means of dissolutions . Let parliaments , instead of septennial , he triennial , or I would not object to their being annual ; let there be stated earlier periods