a noble lord ( Holland ) had said , he thought intimately connected with the constitution . —There was no distinction in principle , he said , between the dissolutions of April and October . As to the inconvenience to the public business , the same thing had taken place in 1784 , and as he had concurred in that , he could not on this account disapprove of the last dissolution . He hoped the present ministers would establish their efficiency . The crisis was momentous . He hoped they would recollect that we were at war against the most formidable enemy that had ever threatened this country , the destruction of which he was meditating , no less on the banks of the Vistula , than if he were on the banks of the Seine . He hoped ministers were sensible of our peril , that government was fully impressed with the danger , and had prepared measures to meet it . He would judge of them , not only by their measures , but by the weight they would have both at borne and abroad . If they were deficient in any of these essential requisites , they were unfit for the crisis , and ought not to continue in office . He would do to them as he would wish others to do by him . He would judge them by their conduct . His party was the country and his king , and he felt it his duty , under all the circumstances , to resist the amendment . declared his concurrence in the observations made by the noble viscount who had just sat down , and thought that the late dissolution of parliament could not be reprobated on any principle that would not equally apply to that of last year . The inconvenience arising from a dissolution must be balanced by the strength of the reasons which required it . The noble and learned lord ( Erskine ) in comparing the present case with that of 1784 , had alleged that there was no ground for the late dissolution , because the house of commons had not , in the late case , come to issue with the government on any particular question ; but a very large proportion of the house had concurred in the expression of principles subversive of the constitutional prerogatives of the crown . Principles had been laid down 598 and supported by very great numbers , which , would reduce to an empty name the prerogative of the king in choosing his own ministers . It had been alleged , that an unconstitutional pledge had been demanded of ministers , and that , without inquiring who had really been the advisers , their successors were to be held as responsible for that demand . The necessary consequence from this doctrine was , that no other ministry could possibly accept of office constitutionally , which was as much as to say , that the king could not legally dismiss the ministers he actually had . This was a doctrine that went to subvert the constitution , and distinguished those who held it from all former oppositions . When a set of ministers bad by their conduct proved themselves unfit for their situations , a systematic opposition was justifiable ; but the doctrines that had been maintained in the last parliament would equally justify an opposition against the best ministers as against the worst . When so great a proportion of the house maintained so violent a doctrine , he thought that even though they did not absolutely amount to a majority , a case had occurred that fairly might justify an appeal to the people . But though he thus considered the dissolution as justifiable , and should therefore vote against the amendment that had been proposed to the address , he could not extend this to an approbation of government in the conduct of the elections , and particularly in the cry of `` no popery '' that had been encouraged , for though ministers now disclaimed it , yet circumstances were such , that it scented impossible for