the company to parliament . The prospective account of these home receipts and payments , from March 1807 to March 1808 , laid before the house last session , shewed a deficit of about 2,200,000l . It was to provide for this deficit that the company applied , not for any grant of money , as might be misconceived from the hon . gentleman 's mode of speaking , but for leave to issue bonds to the amount of two millions , instead of raising that sum by an increase of their capital stock , to which stock they had already a power from parliament to add two millions , equivalent to nearly four millions sterling . But though they possessed this power since the year 1797 , they had declined , and still wished to decline using it , because during war stock must be funded to a disadvantage and therefore money procured in this way would cost them a higher rate of interest than they would pay on their bonds , besides entailing on their affairs an additional amount of capital , of which they could not hereafter divest themselves , whereas they could pay off their bonds whenever it suited their affairs . And this also furnished an argument against the hon . gent . 's reasoning , because bonds could only obtain a loan during the pleasure of the holders , who might claim payment whenever they thought fit . This was therefore a case different from any of the former applications of the company , alluded to by the hon . gent. , —for the company here asked for no extension of credit , they asked merely to be allowed to raise by bond part of that sum which they already possessed a power to raise by stock , and which they could now raise by stock , if they thought fit . The hon . gent . had endeavoured to shew that this power to raise more stock had been given to the to company as a commutation for raising more money by bonds , which according to him they were unable to do , even when the issue of bonds was under two millions ; but here he was entirely mistaken , for the application of the company for that power to increase the stock , appeared from the journals to have been made on this general ground , `` that the affairs of the petitioners required a permanent advance of a considerable sum of money beyond what they could raise under the powers then vested in them by law , and the petitioners conceived that the money so wanted by them should be raised by an increase of the capital stock . '' The company , moreover , 1021 as would be seen by their annual accounts , were empowered and able to raise 3 millions by bonds . The hon . gentlemen had stated that the estimate for 1807–8 , shewed a loss by their commerce of above two millions . This was a very gross error . There was no loss on their commerce , but a gain . The account was not a statement of profit and loss , but a prospective estimate of expenditure , and of ways and means for the ensuing year . The deficit it exhibited determined nothing as to the general result of the company 's affairs ; only the expected receipts and expected payments in one year . And the deficit arose not from their commerce , but from the remittance of large supplies of goods and bullion in three successive years , 1803 , 4 , and 5 , to India , for the purposes of investment and liquidation of debt , which remittances had been applied in a great degree to defray the expences of the wars in which the company had come to be involved in India , without their orders , and contrary to their wishes . On account of these wars too , the returns of investment from India were less than usual , and from the state of the continent of Europe , had come to a