great delicacy and importance of the transaction , a precaution which the frequency of such bills , and the repeated , though , perhaps , unpremeditated exertions of such illegal authority of late years , have in my judgement rendered indispensably necessary . On the motion for the third reading of this bill , and observed , that the grants made by parliament to the company had been claimed for the purpose of introducing civilization into Africa . The company , however , had failed in their projects The sums granted them amounted in all to about 109,000l . This sum , as they had * 13 Edw . III . Rot . Parl.§ 5. c. 13 ; 14 Edw . III . stat . 1. cap . 21 ; 14 Edw . III . stat . 2. cap . 1 ; 17 Edw . III . Rot . Parl . § 28 ; 21 Edw . III . Rot Parl . § 11 , 16 ; 25 Edw . III . Rot . Parl . § 12 ; 36 Edw . III . Rot , Parl . § 18 ; 36 Edw.III . cap . 11 . † 50 Edw . III . Rot . Parl . § 20 , 28 . ‡3 Car . I. cap . 2 ; 16 Car . I. cap . 8 ; 12 Car . II cap . 4 . II 1 Gul . et Mar . sess . 2. cap . 2 . 1002 not executed the purpose for which it was granted , ought now to be refunded ; for he did not think that parliament should be made to pay for the fanciful notions of any set of men . said , that when gentlemen spoke of the sums of money that had been voted to the Sierra Leone company , they should consider that a great proportion of those sums were paid to support those men whom government must otherwise have been at the expense of supporting . The first class of those men were the blacks , who had served with the British army in the contest with America , and after that contest had been sent into Nova Scotia . Having sent a memorial to the government , complaining of the coldness of the climate to which they were sent , the government applied to the Sierra Leone company , to admit them into a colony much more congenial to their constitutions than the climate of Nova Scotia was . The company then accepted , in the first place , of nearly 1000 Nova-Scotia blacks , which government must , otherwise , have been at the expence of maintaining . Afterwards , when it became an object of policy to expel the Maroons from the island of Jamaica , government again applied to the company to take them , and they most unwillingly accepted of 5 or 6 hundred of these men . Those 1500 men , who otherwise would have been chargeable to the government , had been maintained by the company for a considerable number of years ; and he hoped that it would be taken into the account , when the aids were mentioned which the company had received from government . The reason of the failure of the company in its principal objects was the continuance of the slave trade , which they had on the best ground calculated would have been abolished many years ago . Still , however , in the end , he trusted this colony would produce the happiest effects in the civilization of mankind . Like all other colonies , it had great difficulties to encounter in its outset ; but he trusted it had taken deep root , and would be the means of civilizing a considerable portion of Africa . These higher objects ought not to be lost sight of Those who thought most highly of the West-India colonies ought to be the best friends of this settlement , for they must be convinced that this country owed a great debt to Africa . allowed that the object of the company had in a great measure