credit that had been taken was on the ground , not only of an intention to prorogue parliament soon , but also on a determination not to call it together again for a long time . could not answer as to the time that knight elapse before parliament would be called together again : the first prorogation would he but for a short time , the subsequent prorogations would also be but for short periods , so as to afford a facility of early assemblage , if the exigency of affairs should require . The inconveniences with which a longer attendance of the members would be attended at the present season , was an irresistible reason for proroguing as soon as the state of public business would admit : along with the facility afforded by short prorogations from time to time to the assembling of parliament as soon as any particular occasion should render it necessary , the crown possessed the power of calling it together at any time at a fort night 's notice . after the extraordinary vote of credit which had passed the house at an 1075 early hour of the morning on a former day , a vote exceeding in amount any former vote of credit , even those passed at times when there was a prospect of large continental cooperation , thought his hon . friend well warranted in making the observations he had made , and requiring the explanations he had demanded . From the unprecedented amount of the vote , and the strange time at which it had passed , the house ought to look narrowly to the appropriation of it . After what had happened on the continent , and after two months had elapsed of the period which was to be provided for , this diminution of the period , the exigencies of which were to be covered , ought to reduce , rather than increase the amount of the vote ; yet , when his majesty 's present ministers had added £1,300,000 to the public expenditure , they demanded still £700,000 more ; and why ? because it might be necessary to call out the volunteers on permanent duty . This would not be necessary except in case of invasion or alarm of invasion , when it seemed it was not thought that parliament should be assembled . These unprecedented sums were moreover voted entirely on confidence , and without any estimate whatsoever , and were proposed without any other object than to prevent the necessity of calling parliament together again for a long time . The vote of credit , asked by his majesty 's late ministers , was intended to cover £800,000 arrears of subsidies , and to allow the means of contingent engagement with the continental powers . It was intended also to cover the great expences incurred in the Mediterranean ; but , in the present instance , it was necessary that the house should look to a vote large beyond all precedent , and founded on no document , no statement , no calculation , and no determination . This being a money bill , he should take occasion to do justice to his noble friend now absent ( lord Howick ) , who had been on a former night accused of having given pledges to the continental powers , and of having provided no means of carrying those pledges into effect . It was not his noble friend alone , nor his fellow ministers , that he was most anxious to vindicate from this charge of pledge and forfeiture , but the country , whose faith and honour would be tarnished , unless the imputation could be done away . His noble friend had enabled him to state precisely , with regard to the promise of aid held out to Sweden , that the engagement was not to take effect except in the event of a particular contingency . If the contingency should have arisen , the aid 1076 was to have been given in cavalry , in which species of force the Swedish army was deficient , and for which Pomerania afforded an