made the subjects of party politics here , as the sources of these discontents was , in this part of the Island , treason . With respect , . however , to mild and conciliatory measures , nothing could have satisfied the discontented in that country , but the restoration of the Pretender . It was only by a steady system of government , together with old prejudices wearing away , that at length the necessity for measures of coercion ceased , and the population of Scotland had since served his majesty with the utmost bravery and loyalty . The circumstances of the two countries were , however , Materially different . It was only of late years that Scotland had been trusted with a national militia , whilst in Ireland there had long been a national militia of high character ; and there was a brave and loyal yeomanry ; a great number of the population of Ireland were likewise enlisted in the army . He did not wish to enter into a long , discussion of the subject ; he should merely observe , that wherever discontents existed , those discontents we re not likely to be decreased by being made the subject of party politics . The necessity of this bill , from what was known of the state of Ireland , he conceived to be obvious.—The motion for the chairman leaving the chair being negatived , proposed an amendment , for the better promulgation of this law ; as he conceived , that in the manner the laws were now promulgated in Ireland , many persons would be completely ignorant of the provisions of this act . said , that the registering of arms had been so long the law of Ireland , that it was impossible they could be ignorant of the most important parts of this act . He relied upon the moderation of the magistracy for not abusing the power vested in them.—The amendment was negatived , and the bill passed through the committee . The order of the day being read for the third reading of this bill , rose chiefly with a view to re-state the opinion he had on a former occasion expressed of the tendency of this measure , and to correct a misconception of it , which some noble lords seemed to labour under . It was acknowledged by his noble friend ( lord Hawkesbury ) , that it had lately been matter of consideration with his majesty 's ministers , whether at the present crisis it were better to resort to the principle of the Army of Reserve bill , or to adopt the new one now under discussion . Much enquiry was said to have been made respecting the subject ; but after mature deliberation , the opinions of the cabinet prevailed in favour of the present measure . He also had instituted enquiries into the matter ; the result of which most completely decided his preference to the principle of the Army of Reserve bill . The country was now almost precisely in the same situation as that in which it was placed in 1803 , when that bill was adopted . The crisis at present was perhaps more urgent , and the state of the continent less favourable ; but , still , under such circumstances would he have looked to the operation of the Army of Reserve act . The beneficial effects of that act became more visible every day , and promised the fairest success ; but it was thought proper to substitute a measure in its room , which at the end of 20 months did not produce more than 8000 men . The noble viscount then entered into a comparative statement of the operation of the two acts , the Army of Reserve and the Additional Force bills , which he compared with that now under discussion , and declared it to be his conviction , that there 1182 could not be a moment 's hesitation in preferring the principle of the Army of Reserve bill . The success of the measure was at best but contingent . It would