abhorrence I feel for its principle , and the contempt I entertain for its provisions ; but circumstances have since embarrassed my judgment , and I will state them shortly and sincerely . When I find the principle of the bill admitted on the plea of necessity by all those to whose judgement and information I am bound to pay the utmost deference , when I find I can not oppose their acquiescence without arraying my knowledge of the fact of the real situation and temper of Ireland against their superior means of information , I feel the presumption and hazard of taking upon myself the responsibility of an earnest endeavour to persuade the house to reject a measure which I am almost single in regarding as the worst , the foulest , and the foolishest measure that ever solicited the sanction of parliament ; but still more am I influenced by observing in my attendance on the committee , where I avow to have shunned taking any part , washing my hands , and absolving my conscience from meddling with , or tampering in any attempt to mend that which is so hateful in principle that it is perhaps best that it should carry with it all its unequal proportion of deformity . I say , I can not but have been induced to forego my first determination , by observing that so many efforts at modifica- 971 tion , moved by most respectable characters , and supported by the most unanswerable arguments , have been rejected and reprobated by insulting majorities . re-stated , that he had been informed that there were held in Ireland treasonable meetings , for the purpose of organizing a force to assist the French . The bill was to put down the French interest in Ireland , not to oppress the Irish nation . He did not mean to accuse his countrymen of treason or disaffection ; but he was certain , that there was a French party in Ireland ; it was against them , and not against Irishmen , that the operation of the bill was directed ; and sooner than run a risk of losing the constitution altogether , he would take upon himself his full share , in common with his majesty 's ministers , of the responsibility which would attach to the measure.—The house then divided on the motion that the bill do now pass . The numbers were , Ayes 106 ; Noes 8 ; Majority 98 . Adjourned at half-past 6 on Tuesday morning . brought down a Message from the King , announcing that his majesty had entered into subsidiary engagements with the king of Sweden ; that his majesty 's minister at the court of Prussia had advanced 100,000l . to the Prussian government ; and that his majesty had furnished arms for the Prussian army , to the amount of 200,000l . more . ( See the message in the proceedings of the house of commons . ) His lordship moved , that the message be taken into consideration to-morrow . This motion gave rise to a short conversation . Lord Holland and lord Lauderdale expressed their surprise that so short a time was afforded , and thought that parliament could not be expected to give their approbation to the arrangements with Sweden , until the treaty was produced . Lord Hawkesbury remarked , that all that Would be proposed by the address to-morrow , would be to return thanks to his majesty 's for his gracious communication . His majesty 's ministers certainly did not mean to call on their lordships to approve the stipulations , the conditions of which were not yet known to them . Lord Lauderdale said , that at least the amount of the subsidies ought to have been mentioned in the message ; that was a species of information which he under- 972 stood was usually given in messages of this kind . In the message relative to the loan to the emperor of Germany last war , the amount of that loan was expressed . The message was fixed for consideration to-morrow.—Lord Hawkesbury delivered another message