of Feb. 1789 , respecting the Recognizances to be entered into by any person having presented a petition to this house , complaining of an undue election , was referred ; that the committee had come to the following resolution ; `` That , so far as the said resolution respects the notice required to be given by the petitioner to the sitting member or members , or their known agent or agents , of the time and place of the intended examination of the sufficiency of the surety or sureties to be named in any recognizance , and of the names , additions , and places of abode of such sureties , if the petitioner shall not have been able to find and serve the sitting member or his known agent or agents , and if he shall thereupon have obtained an order from the house enlarging the time for entering into his recognizance , it shall be sufficient for the petitioner to give the said notice in writing , seven days at least previous to such examination , to the clerk of the house of commons , who shall enter the same in a book to be kept for that purpose , which shall be open to the inspection of all persons concerned . '' Ordered , that the said resolution be printed.—Mr . C. Dundas moved , that the order of the house of the 24th of Nov. 1699 , `` That the chairman of the Committee for any Private bill do not sit thereupon , without a week 's public notice thereof set up 830 in the lobby , '' and which was , upon the 15th of Feb. 1700 , declared to be a standing Order , be read : and the same being read , it was ordered , That a committee be appointed to take the same into consideration , for the purpose of enabling the chairman , in all cases where the house has given power to the committee , to send for persons , papers , and records , to issue an order accordingly , so that such persons , papers , and records may be had in readiness for the committee to proceed upon at the expiration of the week 's notice ; and that they do report the same , with their opinion thereupon , to the house . pursuant to notice , rose to call the attention of the house to a circumstance , which was not only a violation of law , but a high breach of the privileges of that house . On the 29th of April , the writs were issued , as he understood , for the general election , and amogst the other writs , one for the election of Burgesses to serve in parliament for the town and county of the town of Poole . He had been informed by the messenger of the great seal , that this writ had been delivered immediately by him to Mr. Jonathan Brundrett , chief clerk to Mr. Lowten , in the Temple , to be sent to the sheriff of Poole . When he called upon Mr. Lowten , to enquire whether the writ had been sent , he was informed , that it had been sent three hours before ; and on asking to whom the writ had been sent , he received a rude answer declining to state to whom , and accompanied with an observation , that it had been sent down in opposition to himself . It was not till the 20th of May that the sheriff gaveno tice , that the election would be held on the 25th of May , and in consequence , sir Richard Bickerton , one of the lords of the admiralty , and himself , who had gone down to Poole when the writs were issued , expecting that the election would come on immediately , with several of the electors of that city , were detained there three weeks to their great inconvenience . He should not detain the house by dwelling upon the motives of the conduct of which he complained ,