; out it was necessity for the ministers , not for the country . If parliament did not speedily put an extinguisher upon the doctrines contained in the speeches of the noble lord respecting the impracticability of carrying a measure on which parliament had not pronounced , we should shortly come , after repelling the enemy , to the discussion of a danger second only to that . There never was a speech more calculated to heal wounds than that of his noble friend . Far from exciting agitations , he had stated that he should advise the Catholics not to press their claims . But if they did not press , was that a sufficient reason 784 why parliament should not grant ? It was asked whether we should beg the Catholics to help us ? Certainly we ought not to go in formâ pauperis to a foreign state ; but there was no loss of our dignity in redressing grievances at home ; in making a few sacrifices to millions of Catholic fellow-subjects , by restoring them to their just rights . He reprobated and abhorred the intolerance of saying that the gates of concession were finally shut , or that the sense of parliament was definitively pronounced . He certainly should not select Mr. Pitt 's conduct concerning this question as a chief topic on . which to enlarge in praise of that person . But it was certain he always seemed to look at the subject as one respecting which a favourable opportunity would arrive . It was not true , that noble lords on his side the house had urged on this question No the circumstances of the times had urged it , the improved state of knowledge in Ireland had urged it , the rapid successes of the French had urged it , on the house and on the country . He had less means of knowing the views of Mr. Pitt than many others ; but he had that respect for his memory and his understanding , that he thought , were he now alive , he would he found among the , supporters of it . He readily agreed , that , in our circumstances , church and state should be united together : but he saw no reason to decline stating his opinion that the constitution of England did not depend upon my form of religion whatever . From what sources did the great defenders of our constitution draw their lights ? Was there not constitution in this country even before the Reformation ? Was there none before he test and corporation acts ? How , then , could these acts belong essentially to the constitutions ? No : they were not declaratory , but merely enacting statutes , which the wisdom and justice of parliament might repeal at pleasure . Was the test act any part of the reformation ? Did the noble . and learned lord know that it was a breach if the declaration of Breda ? of that proclamation promising complete liberty of , conscience , which that profligate monarch , Charles II . violated ? The test was not , passed in Ireland till several years after the accession of king William , though repealed . there for several years past , and the exclusive clause against the Catholics of Ireland were directly against the treaty of Limerick ; but , to be told that these were tied to the act of union ! let noble lords look to the facts , and see how grossly they were per- 785 verted . The noble and learned lord had talked of the union with Scotland securing those laws . The Tories at that time did , indeed , try to introduce a clause , for maintaining the test , into the articles , the earl of Nottingham making the motion ; but it was rejected by a great majority . These were strange perversions of the doctrine of church and state , which was so differently represented by different persons , but which the learned lord thought so simple . He had been told , when he