. Reversions , besides , had a tendency to render the offices themselves sinecures , and sinecures were again granted in reversion : then reversions begat sinecures , and sinecures begat reversions . It might be true that , by the operation of this bill in itself , nothing would be saved ; 1049 * but when it was considered as the first step to other measures , it must be viewed in a very different light ; and although there might be considerable exaggeration as to the saving which it was possible to effect , yet , at the present moment , every sixpence and every halfpenny ought to be saved , in order to lighten , as much as possible , the burthens of the people . There might , perhaps , be a popular delusion upon this subject ; but even that was an argument , at a crisis like the present , for agreeing to this bill . He did not conceive , however , that a bill of so much importance should be decided upon in so thin a house , and he should therefore move , that the debate be adjourned till to-morrow . again referred to his majesty 's speech at the close of the last session , his majesty 's speech at the opening of the present session , and to the votes of the house of commons , containing the resolution on which the present bill was founded ; and contended that his majesty 's speeches contained a full approval of this measure . again contended that his majesty 's speeches only contained an approval of the general object of the committee of finance . approved of the bill , upon the principle that it was to be considered as the forerunner of other great and important measures . said , however unpleasant it might be for him to differ in opinion with those with whom he usually agreed , he felt it incumbent upon him to support this bill . It was a measure to which the country looked with no little anxiety : considering it as recommended by his majesty , and expected by the public , it should have his support—The question having been put on lord Holland 's amendment , the house divided : Non-contents 15 ; Contents 9 ; Majority 6.—The bill was then read a second time ; and upon the question for the third reading , it was moved by lord Arden , that it should be read a third time this day 3 months , which was carried without a division . moved the order of the day for taking into farther consideration the report on the Parochial schools bill ; which being read , said , though he should 1050 * not oppose the further progress of this bill , he must beg leave to say a few words or the present occasion . He then repeated some of his former objections against instructing the lower classes of the people , especially in writing and arithmetic , at the public expence . He thought also , that being enabled to read , they would waste their time in perusing inflammatory hand-bills , and other political productions ; and that more mischief would be the result than good produced by it . defended the principle of instructing all classes of society , and thought that those who opposed it must necessarily found their arguments upon mistake . Sedition , if it was at all to be propagated or encouraged by instruction or general knowledge , was much more likely to be so , by its being communicated by the ear , than it would be when communicated by the eye . It appeared to him that one ill-intentioned man , disposed to propagate sedition , might do infinitely more mischief , by inflaming the passions of the people by seditious harangues , than could be done by their reading the most inflammatory and seditious pamphlets ; and it was surely much better to counteract seditious pamphlets , by their being able to read others of a contrary tendency , than to hire men