if it should be the feeling of the house , or even the wish of the hon , gent. , himself , that the motion of his noble friend should be deferred to Monday , he had no hesitation to say , that his noble friend would not have any objection to put off his motion to that day . If , on the contrary , the house should feel that no inconvenience would arise from having the general exposition of 796 the plan made on Friday , under an understanding that it would be to be dismissed in detail , after the introduction of the measure founded upon that exposition , he availed himself of that occasion to give notice of the intention of his noble friend , to bring forward the motion on Friday . though desirous of being present at all the stages of so important a question , did not feel disposed to object to the course proposed by the right hon . gent . But he begged leave to submit , whether the proposition of the noble lord might not be made on Friday , and the discussion upon it adjourned to the Wednesday following . expressed his entire acquiescence in the arrangement proposed by the right hon . gent. , and declared himself personally obliged to him for his early communication to him of the intention of the noble lord , respecting the important motion which he was to make on Friday . He wished to be informed , whether , as there was every appearance of engagements having been entered into with foreign powers , it was likely that any communication would be made to the house on the subject of such engagements at an early day . This question he put , because he thought it important that the house should have some information upon the subject , but if the right hon . gentlemen opposite should consider it incompatible with their sense of public duty to give an answer , he should not press the matter further . replied , that undoubtedly certain engagements had been entered into with foreign powers , and that it had been the intention of his majesty 's ministers not , to suffer parliament to separate without making a communication upon the subject . These engagements had , however , been contingent , and ministers had thought it better to defer that communication for a short time , in order to ascertain whether the contingency upon which the engagements depended would take place , It never had been , the intention of his majesty 's government to suffer the present session to elapse , without making a communication to parliament ; and he had reason to thinks that early in the next week , he should have the authority of his majesty to make a communication on that subject to the house . said that with respect to the grant-to the Roman Catholic seminary at Maynooth he had given notice that he would move for the ordinary grant of 8000l ; but not then thinking the additional 797 grant of 5000l.necessary , he had said that he should not move for it . He now rose to give notice , that he should not for the present year withhold his consent to the additional grant , as it had appeared , that the building depending on such money had been already commenced ; at the same time he wished it to be distinctly understood , that he did not , by now supporting it , at all pledge himself to support the said grant at a future period , the propriety of continuing which he thought a matter of great question , as it went to no less than double the Maynooth establishment . said , that as The right hon . gent . had thought it proper to decline pressing his objections to the additional grant , he should not think it necessary to move at present for the documents which Would to substantiate the claims of the Maynooth establishment , to that additional grant . He should therefore withdraw the notice he had made