a great deal more independence in it than was imagined . This motion came rather suddenly , and he was desirous to adjourn the debate fur two or three days , to consider about the most proper mode of attaining the object in view ( a cry of no , no ! ) . He doubted whether it ought to be referred 737 * to the Committee of Finance or to a separate Committee . The Committee of Finance had certainly a great deal of business already , and would probably bring sums into the public service that were at present lost to the state . But the point deserved consideration . observed , that the noble lord very wisely had not prefaced his motion with much argument , because , if he comprehended him rightly , his object was not so much to diminish the public expenditure , as to ascertain the degree of influence which the crown possessed in that house . As to the mode proposed by the right hon gent. , it appeared to him to be a most round about way to go into the general investigation of the subject , to obtain a list of all the places , pensions , & c. enjoyed by different individuals , and from that list to select the names of the members of that house who participated in them . Why not the individual list called for by the noble lord ? Every gentleman seemed to be tender upon this subject ; but the only way to convince the public that its suspicions were unfounded , was not to mask the matter , but to shew at once what part of the house received these emoluments , and what part did not . In his opinion it was much better that government should expend fifty , aye , a hundred and fifty millions of money annually in the general service of the country , than that they should expend 50,000l . in the house of commons . He objected to any alteration in the noble lord 's motion . If the result of the production of the list , for which the noble lord had moved , should be to astonish those who were not disposed to think very favourably of the house of commons , it would be most fortunate ; but if , on the contrary , it should be found that there was an incredible number of members who either directly or indirectly derived advantages from sources not the most pure , that was a fact which ought to be known to the people . At any rate let not the question be blinked . adverting to some observations made in an early stage of the debate , wished to set himself right with the house . While now in place , he did not enjoy the pension which had been granted to him on his formerly quitting office . said he would not trouble the house long . The noble lord 's proposition was , that a list of the members who were directly or indirectly under the influence of ministers , should be laid on the table . If there were persons who had their patrimony out of the public money , it was 738 * proper that they should be known . There were some who could not have their marriage settlements without pensions , reversions , & c. & c. The hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Huskisson ) , had a grant , which , from its nature , ceased when he came into office . This was only 1000l . and his office brought him 4000l . he could not therefore hesitate in his choice between them . But , if he was not mistaken , the hon . gent . had a sinecure place too , which he enjoyed along with the office , and indeed , in casting his eye along the Treasury Bench , it was difficult to find one who had not some great emolument of this nature . It ought to be seen on which side of the house the greatest portion