been proposed to lieutenants upon half-pay to serve on the pay of effective ensigns , and that ensigns ' places should be sold . The price of 300l . was fixed for the sale of such commissions ; but if every commission had been sold as it became vacant , it would have proved injurious to many officer . The commander in chief , therefore , suffered promotion in many instances to go on in a regular course ; but still , from time to time , commissions were sold , and the money was vested in the half-pay fund . Another source from which this fund received support , was , when an officer wished to quit the army , he was allowed to sell what he had purchased , although not to sell the rank which he already possessed ; thus , the difference between the price of an ensigncy and of a majority went to the same fund . The illustrious person at the head of the army had done much for its benefit ; for formerly great abuses had crept into the purchase and sale of commissions . In the year 1793 , officers had been advanced from the lowest ranks of the army up as high as that of lieutenant-colonel . This system had been put a stop to , and a salutary regulation had been established , that an officer , under two years standing , could not be made a captain ; nor a field officer under six years standing . The practice of giving exorbitant prices for commissions , the effect of which tended to the deterioration of the army , had also been checked by the commander in chief . From what he had stated , he thought an address the most proper mode of proceeding , and therefore concluded by moving an amendment to that effect . had no objection whatever to shape his motion in that form . He could assure the house , that in bringing it forward he had no other than a public object . He had never entertained the smallest suspicion , nor given the least credit to the malicious and unfounded reports which had been in circulation , against the illustrious personage at the head of the army . But he thought it his duty , as a representative of the people , to watch over the expenditure of the public money , and he looked upon these sums to be public money . The account he was persuaded ought to be laid annually before the house , especially if , as he understood , the sums received amounted to one million.—The motion was then agreed to . rose to move for leave to bring in a bill , for the suppression of Insurrection in Ireland , and to prevent the disturbance of the peace in that country . The house would remember , that the circumstances which preceded and attended the suppression of the rebellion in Ireland , had rendered stronger measures than the established laws afforded necessary in that country . An act was therefore passed by the Irish parliament , in 1796 , to prevent unlawful assemblies , and to authorise the lord lieutenant on a report of the magistrates to proclaim any county where disturbances existed . That law required all persons in such counties to keep within their dwellings between the hours of sun set and sun rise , and gave to the magistrates the power of sending persons who should be found to offend against it on board his majesty 's navy . The act had proved effectual for the suppression of the insurrection , as appeared from the acknowledgement of the leaders of that insurrection before a committee of the Irish parliament . But , though such a law might be necessary , it was the duty of that house to guard against the abuse of the powers which it gave . The bill he proposed to bring in contained the same provisions as the Insurrection act , with respect to the power of the lord lieutenant to proclaim disturbed counties , and the authority of the