, and the permanence of which would be a violation of the rights of the people of Ireland , and a subversion of the spirit and practice of our free constitution . `` —After he had read his motion , the right hon . gent . expressed his readiness to acquiesce in any amendment which should leave its main object untouched . It did 1200 not matter to him by whom the object was taken up . His desire was to have the thing done ; and if any gentleman on any side of the house , would follow it up , he would be entitled to the gratitude of Ireland , and should have his warmest thanks . said , it did not seem to him to be necessary to enter into any argument on the subjects touched on by the right hon . gent . He begged leave , however , before he even troubled the house with the few words which he should have to offer on the subject of the right hon . gent 's . motion , to correct a mistake into which he had fallen . The right hon . gent . had said , that the military defence of Ireland had been greatly reduced within a short period by the removal of troops from that country . Any reduction of this kind , however , which had taken place , was trifling in the extreme ; and when he mentioned that there were at this moment in Ireland 50,000 men of the regular army and militia alone , independent of volunteers , gentlemen , he was convinced , would agree with him , that the military force in that part of the country had not been reduced in any improper degree . Having rectified this mistake in the statement of the right hon . gent. , he should now offer a few words on the grounds upon which he called on the house to concur in the present motion . Great part of what had fallen from the right hon . gent . on this head seemed to him not so much applicable to the right hon . gent . 's present purpose , as to two bills lately before the house , and on which , as it would seem , the right hon . gent. , having omitted , or not having seen , a favourable opportunity of delivering his sentiments , wished still to avail himself of that privilege . The harangue of the right hon . gent . taking it in this point of view , so far from being calculated to produce unanimity , could alone tend to discontent and division . When the right hon . gent . stated , that the renewal of the bills alluded to for a series of years was only to prepare the people for a total extinction of their liberties , was that not calculated to irritate rather than to reconcile ? The measures , too , to which the right hon gent . alluded , had only lately passed through that house , and had been regarded universally as acts of imperious necessity . It was , therefore , rather an extravagant expectation in the right hon . gent . that having so recently declared the measures necessary , the house should now , with the circumstance fresh in their recol- 1201 lection , contradict what they had so lately enacted . The house had lately discharged an important duty to the people on this and on the other side of the water : it was extravagant in the right hon . gent . to hope that they should so soon falsify what they had done . That the house would be ready at all times to consider every thing that could be done for the good of Ireland , there could be no doubt ; and this being the case , there could be no necessity for entering into a pledge to that effect . It was only for the right hon . gent . at any time , to bring forward any measure which in his judgement might