to make speeches , in order to put down the effect of seditious harangues . If the government of a country were afraid of making the people enlightened and well informed , he really did not see how they could possibly stop short of wishing that they had no understandings at all . objected to the clause relative to the purchasing , hiring , or erecting buildings for the purpose of giving the requisite instruction . He had been told that the poor 's rates were ultimately to be lowered , by enlightening the lower orders of the people ; but he was convinced it would have quite a contrary effect , and tend to nothing more than raising the poor 's rates , and affording them an education beyond what their situations in life required . That education was certainly best which was nearest adapted to the particular sphere of each individual . Institutions for education were increasing daily , and he saw no occasion for increasing their number ; the more especially as he thought small schools were more desirable than large ones ; because , in the latter , immorality was more likely to be imbibed than morality and virtue . For these , and other reasons , he proposed to leave out the 1051 * words , `` empowering magistrates to purchase or hire any buildings or lands whereupon to erect buildings for the purpose of schools . '' combated the arguments used in support of this amendment , as being totally destitute of foundation , and such as had already been refuted by every argument used upon the subject , either in that house or in any work that had been written upon it . It was an amendment which went absolutely to render the whole bill ineffectual . While the dangers of a refined education were talked of , gentlemen did not seem to recollect , that the education proposed by this bill was only the simple education of reading and writing . Whatever might be the sense of the house upon this amendment , he should own he was anxious such a bill should pass under legislative authority , to shew that parliament had decided that education was a good thing to be given , a proper thing to be obtained . It was a mistake for some members to suppose that this was a compulsory measure . Would the hon . gent . who recommended small schools in preference to large ones , propose to have 20 small schools instead of one large school , by way of limiting the expenses of the undertaking ? He had stated , and he would still state , that it was his opinion it would be better to exalt the character of the labourer so as to make him independent of his fellow-creatures for his livelihood , and this was the mode ultimately to reduce the poor 's rates . But whether there were poor 's rates or not , he should ever contend that the instruction of the poor would be good , and would be one of the greatest boons their country could bestow upon them . When this subject was talked of , he could not help having Scotland always in his mind . What he had read of that country , and the inhabitants thereof , tended strongly to confirm him in the truth of what he had heard stated in that house concerning them.—After some further conversation , this amendment was rejected without a division . said , there were some passages in the preamble which he wished to be altered . He by no means approved the wording as it stood : `` whereas , the instruction of youth tends most materially to the promoting of morality and virtue ; ' and the following passage we did not understand : `` whereof we had a most convincing proof , by long experience , in that part of the united kingdom called Scotland . '' He though there was no proof of 1052 * this before the house , and therefore moved , that the said preamble be amended by