and learned lords who preceded him , and who truly observed , that the provisions of the bill left little or no controul to the minister in his parish . This would go to subvert the first principles of education in this country , which had hitherto been , and he trusted would continue to be , under the controul and auspices of the establishment , and their lordships would feel how dangerous it might be to innovate in such matters . Their lordships ' prudence would , no doubt , guard against innovations that might shake the foundation of our religion , and it would be a chief object of their vigilance and care , `` ut castâ maneant in religione nepotes . '' was sorry to differ from the right reverend prelate , and several other persons in that house , on wat he must call the abominable principle , that no part of the population of this country ought to receive education unless in the tenets of the established church . Was it reasonable or just to say that the children of catholics , presbyterians , quakers , and all the other innumerable sects of dissenters from the established church in this country , were to be debarred all sources of public education , supported by public benevolence , unless they were to become converts to our established religion ? Would the right rev . prelate contend , that because the catholic religion was the established one in Canada , no poor Protestants should be educated there unless he was allowed to be 1178 brought up a catholic . The noble lord upon the woolsack objected to this bill , lest it might lead to litigation in the court of chancery ; he himself had no very great wish to promote litigations in that court ; be once had a suit in the chancery of Ireland , which had lasted only 42 years ; he had once voted upon an appeal in that house from a chancery suit in England , which had only lasted 500 years , and he was of opinion that the tedious progress and procrastinated decisions of that court , were well described by the story of a man , who , insettling a contest between two beggars aboutan oyster , took the fish to himself , and gave a shell to each of the parties . But , while he entertained no such fears for the result of this bill , he could not see that its purpose had any thing to do with sects of religion . It was merely to teach its objects spelling , reading , writing , and arithmetic for purposes useful in life ; and in a manufacturing country like this , when so much of excellence in our productions depended on a clear understanding and some degree of mathematical and mechanical knowledge , which it was impossible to attain without first receiving the rudiments and foundation this bill proposed , the superiority of workmen with some education , over those who had none , must be sensibly felt by all the great manufacturers in the country . His lordship was for committing the bill , rendering it as perfect as possible , sending it forth to the public in that shape , and taking it up again for completion in the next session.—The question was then put on lord Hawkesbury 's motion and carried without a division . The house resolved itself into a committee on the Irish Arms bill . thought it singular that they should have arrived at this stage of a bill of such great importance , without any reasons being alleged to prove the necessity of the measure . Not four-and-twenty hours had elapsed since they had been considering bills , the objects of which were to contribute to arm a large portion of the people , in order to meet the exigencies of the country , and now it formed a singular contrast that they were in a committee on a bill for disarming a large portion of his majesty 's subjects in Ireland . He could not suffer a bill