complaining of the returns for Saltash , Horsham , and Great Grimsby . The first was ordered to be taken into consideration on the 14th of July , and the two others on the 16th . In answer to a question from lord Temple respecting the course proposed to be adopted concerning the Election petitions , the chancellor of the exchequer replied , that it would not be desirable to proceed with any petitions this session , which would be likely to extend to any length in the examination of their merits . seeing his hon . friend ( Mr. R. Dundas ) in his place , wished to know whether it was his intention to bring forward the accounts of the East India Company this session . If so , he trusted that he would bring them forward on as early a day as possible . replied that it was certainly his intention to bring forward the accounts of the East India Company this session , and that no time should be unnecessarily lost . At the same time he begged to remind the right hon . gent . that for some years back , these accounts had been one year in arrears . It was his intention to endeavour to bring up that arrear in the present session , and the right hon . gent . must be aware that this would require some time . observed , that from the papers then upon the table it appeared , that , upon a comparison of the Revenue and Expenditure of the Company in India , there was a deficit in the latter of above two millions and a half . This was a state of things , in which any one might see that it was impossible for the company to go on , without some adequate provision to make good this deficit . It was the more necessary , as the public had been led to expect than there would be a considerable participation , derived from the East India Company 's funds , in aid of the national resources . He wished to know whether the hon . gent . meant to 663 bring forward any proposition upon that subject . informed the noble lord , that it was his intention , at an early day , to propose some regulations respecting the affairs of India , which would include the point to which the noble lord had adverted . He was afraid , however , that he should not be able to bring forward the annual accounts at so early a day , as only a few of the ships had yet arrived , and it would be desirable to have the accounts stated in the most correct manner that was possible . The order of the day being read for the house going into a committee on the Irish Revenue bills , and the question being put , that the Speaker do leave the chair , rose , not to oppose the motion , but simply to observe that , by the dissolution of parliament , they had been placed in this situation , that about two millions of money , raised under the Irish Revenue acts , must either not be levied at all , or must be collected on British subjects without any legal authority . Without sending the act of parliament by a balloon , or a carrying pigeon , it was out of the nature of things , even supposing it to pass both houses with the most unexampled rapidity , that it could arrive in Ireland till several days after the existing act had expired . argued that the hereditary duties to which all goods were already subject , would , even in the event of the payment of the additional revenues being resisted , which was not probable , enable the revenue officers , on the arrival of the act , still to levy the additional duties with precision . observed , that a similar dilemma had already twice occurred , and no bad consequences had resulted . was glad the right hon . gent . had stated