animosity had been excited in the country it was by the character given of that bill , not by the bill itself . It would occur that no cry had been raised against the bill when it 655 was first proposed in parliament ; but the right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer and his colleagues had opposed it , as the means of getting into office . An allusion was made by a noble lord relative to the opinion of lord Somers . He had read the passage from lord Somers , who stated that the parliament ought not to be prorogued , until the petitions before the house were satisfactorily answered . He was inclined to give credit to the statement , for he found it corroborated by historical fact . With respect to the observations which fell from the Chancellor of the exchequer , relative to the appointment of 300 Surveyors of Taxes , he would state the fact : in the summer before the last , not owing to any communication with the treasury , the Board of Excise proposed to the treasury a scheme for improving the revenue , by the appointment of the officers alluded to . The plan was adopted , and recommendations were given representing persons fit to become surveyors . Their appointments were not made out , but letters were written , stating that attention , should be paid to the recommendations . He considered this circumstance advantageous to the revenue , and was anxious to submit to any investigation the right hon . gent . might think fit to bring forward . replied to the principal arguments which had been argued in support of the amendment . He alluded to the different accounts which had been given of the late change of administration . At one time , the honourable gentlemen stated , that they bad voluntarily retired from office , and at another , that they had waited until they were forced to abandon their places . They might choose which of these cases they liked best , but he could not allow them to take to themselves both all the grace of resignation , and all the grievance of dismissal . The latter , however , was the event . They had stuck with great obstinacy to their situations , and a main objection which seemed to be urged against some of his friends was , that they wanted that first quality of great statesmen—tenacity of place . In reply to the objection of a noble lord ( Cochrane ) in alluding to Constantinople and Egypt , that the address seemed to imply a censure on his majesty 's late ministers , with respect to the distribution of the military and naval force of the country , he observed , that such certainly was not the object of the address . It had merely been intended to state facts with regard to the situation of this country and of Europe . He begged , however , in saying 656 this , that it might not be supposed his majesty 's government had no opinion on the subjects alluded to by the noble lord . That opinion might in due time be expressed ; but he would not have it understood that his majesty 's ministers were pledged to any particular proceedings . He alluded to the libels which had appeared against himself and his friends near him . With regard to one which had been published , in order to insinuate , that he had in a certain case been influenced by a corrupt motive ; if the noble lord ( Howick ) had searched the records of his office , he would have found that that proceeding had originated in an act signed by the hand of Mr. Fox . replied to the observations of the last speaker , and particularly complained of the insinuations thrown out against tine late administration , with respect to the expeditions to Turkey and Egypt . He remarked , that the opinion which had fallen from the right hon . secretary , respecting the subject of Turkey and Egypt ,