that Ireland is perfectly tranquil , loyal , and united ; and this assertion is corroborated by the authority of a noble lord ( Hawkesbury ) in another place ; and with such authority before us , is it right that the constitution of Ireland should be suspended ? But , farther , in support of the allegation that Ireland is undisturbed , and requires not such an act , I find that in a very populous county , where disaffection was supposed to exist , I mean Tipperary , judge Fox at the late assizes congratulated the people upon the state of the calendar , upon the acknowledged tranquillity of the district , and upon the general good order of the county . I find that not a single charge of disloyalty , sedition , or treason , was to be seen on the calendar throughout the county . I find at Kilkenny the public resolutions of the Grand Jury testifying , not only the peaceable disposition of the county , but a general and cordial harmony between Protestants and Catholics , with a strong declaration from a body of the former in favour of the claims of the latter . All these testimonies appear on the one side ; on the other , to be sure , we have a very high authority—an authority certainly of the highest character in my estimation , I mean the member for Dublin ( Mr. Grattan ) ; I hold his authority high , because I respect , not only his talents and information , but his integrity ; and I feel towards him as warmly as any resident of Ireland , the gratitude to which he is so eminently entitled , for obligations he has rendered to my country . Ministers , I perceive , are willing to ground their proceedings upon the authority of my right hon . friend . Under his great name , they would shelter the creation of enormous powers , for which there may be no necessity . At all events , wish the information I have received both from public and private sources , I must contend that no necessity appears . Why , then , should we 1189 not enquire ? My object is to awaken the house to what I conceive , with deference , to be a just sense of its duty—to procure from it a pledge that an enquiry will be instituted , and thus to hold out to the people of Ireland some prospect of redress—some assurance of the friendly disposition of the legislature . That enquiry is necessary , no man can deny ; and without full information , I must say , that it is not becoming in us to take such serious measures with regard to Ireland . We have , in fact , been legislating for that country upon hearsay authority alone , and mark , with much more of hearsay authority against , than for the course you have pursued . All this , too , while you have had the means of ample enquiry within your reach . Upon what grounds then , do you shrink from that enquiry ? It is preposterous to pretend that you fly from it because you apprehend danger from discussing the affairs of that country . The fact is , that no topic requires or deserves more of your discussion or investigation . So far from avoiding knowledge upon such a subject , it is highly culpable not to seek it . I profess myself as much in want of knowledge as other persons , and I take some blame to myself on that account ; but I shall endeavour by all the means in my power to obtain information , and it is with a view to remove my own defect upon this head , as well as the defects of others , that I wish for enquiry . I wish for enquiry , because it is essential , as well in respect to our own character as in justice to the people of Ireland . It is our duty to enquire upon such an occasion ,