put an end to the war on the continent , had prevented from being brought to a conclusion . Had they taken place , the 100,000l . paid to the king of Prussia would have been included—and something less than 200,000l . in arms and ammunition furnished by his majesty 's government to the king of Prussia would have been included in the sum to have been granted ; but As those treaties , from the circumstances before alluded to , had not been concluded , his majesty had ordered them to laid 974 before parliament , that the money might be provided for by them . He moved , therefore , that his majesty 's message be referred to the committee of supply.—Ordered . brought up another message from the king , which was read from the chair as follows : `` G. R. His majesty , relying on the uniform loyalty and zeal of his faithful commons , and considering that it may be of the utmost importance at this arduous crisis , to provide for such emergencies as may arise , recommends it to this house , to make provision for enabling his majesty to take all such measures as the exigencies of affairs may require , in order to counteract and defeat the intentions and plans of his enemies , and to provide for the safety of his majesty 's dominions , and to maintain the honour of his crown . `` —This message was also referred to the committee of supply . On the motion of Mr. Jeffery , the house went into the further consideration of the Complaint of the delay in the delivery of the Poole writ . was called in , and on examination stated , that he received the writ on the morning of the 30th of April , and delivered it to Mr. James Weston , at two o'clock on the same day in Fen-church-street , in the presence of an old gentleman , who , he afterwards found , was Mr. Spurrier . He recognized , Mr. Spurrier when he went to Poole to ascertain the delivery of the writ . He arrived in Poole on Monday , the 18th of May , and saw Mr. Spurrier , who told him the writ had been delivered . He was satisfied on hearing that it was delivered , relying on Mr. Spurrier 's veracity . Spurrier was then called in . Being very deaf , the clerk was ordered to stand by him and repeat the questions that were put . Being desired by the Speaker to address his answers to him , he said that he could not see him [ a laugh ] .—On examination stated he had received the writ on the 30th of April last . He delivered the writ on the 17th of May , where he was satisfied the sheriff received it . His ignorance was the sole cause of his holding over the writ so long . No person at Poole knew of his having the writ . The sheriff of Poole is his relation , his wife 's brother . He knew 975 of no enquiry after the writ till the Saturday before he delivered it . He never knew that the writ was cried at Poole . He knew of a person who was not of age at the time he received the writ , and who was of age at the time when he delivered it . This person could not have voted if he had delivered the writ immediately . This person was no relation of his , neither was any of the candidates . He thought that person would have voted for Mr. Garland , but he voted for sir R. Bickerton . He was in London , and took the writ to take care of it , knowing it would be in safe hands , He did not deliver it , because like a bill of exchange drawn at forty days sight , he did not think it right to deliver it till the period when it should be obligatory to make the return [ a laugh