measures proposed by lord Fitzwilliam would have transferred the whole authority of the country into the hands of the Catholics : and , with such a conviction on the minds of those who were likely to constitute majority in the Irish parliament , accompanied by a declared resolution to resist the proposition of the government , it was judged adviseable to recall lord Fuzwilliam : but the mischief had unhappily been done The Catholics , disappointed and inflamed , were clamorous in their language , and violent in their conduct ; and when so large a proportion of the population of the country was in such a state , it was not difficult for the jacobins of every persuasion to avail themselves of it , for the purpose of perfecting that system of rebellion which they had long meditated , which , though originating in jacobinical principles , revived in it progress all the ancient sources of discord and previous to its termination , was not to be distinguished from the sanguinary contests in which the Protestants and papists had formely been opposed to each other.—When the rebellion was suppressed , the subject of a legislative union was brought under the consideration of his maesly 's ministers , it being evident that the connection between the two . kingdoms could not be maintained without a material alteration in the system . The admission of the Catholics into the Irish parliament was deemed wholly incompatible with the preservation of the Protestant establishment , and their exclusion from it not favourable to the public tranquillity Under this impression , it appeared to many persons of consideration , that a parliamentary union furnished the only means by which Ireland could be governed consistently , with the principles of the British constitution as established at the revolution , and it was conceived that the Catholics though not relieved from the existing disabilities , might consider their situation much improved , when the discussion of their concerns was no longer confined to men , to whom they 792 might be disposed to attribute the operation of local passions and prejudices ; and when , by the abolition of the close boroughs , and the effect of a popular representation , they might expect to obtain an influence upon the members from their own country , fully adequate to the protection of their persons and property , and the security of their interests , in whatever shape they might be brought before parliament . In this opinion , the noble earl said he had concurred , and upon being consulted by Mr. Pitt , had expressed himself to that effect . With reference to that part of the noble baron 's speech , in winch he had intimated to their lordships his conviction that no pledge had been given to the-Catholics , by Mr. Pitt , the noble earl said he was enabled to add his own testimony . He had been called upon by him with other persons belonging to the parliament of both Countries to prepare , under his instructions , the articles , constituting the basis of the Union . He could confidently assure the house , that , so far from any pledge to the Catholics being in contemplation at that time , the subject was not even introduced as a topic for discussion ; and he would and that , if Catholic emancipation , as it is called , had been considered as a necessary consequence of the measure , that he , as well as many of its .warmest advocates , would certainly have opposed it . He would ask whether any member of his majesty 's government had ventured state in the parliament of either country that such a consequence was likely to follow from the Union ? —He would put it to the noble baron , whether the confidential servants of the king had prepared his mind for such a result ? How , then , could it be supposed that Mr. Pitt had held out such an expectation to the Catholics ? The noble earl said , he was so much satisfied to the contrary , and