Corsica , and on other disastrous events of the last war , he was not aware that any expressions of regret had been so studiously introduced into his majesty 's speech ; he must suppose therefore , that in the present instance , they were intended to convey a charge on the late administration . If so , he repeated , that they challenged the strictest inquiry into the destination of the Expedition to Turkey , and 626 into the manner in which that Expedition was arranged ; into the original policy an attack on Egypt , and into the mode in which that attack was conducted.—Adverting to the changes which he was apprehensive the present administration would make in our military system , he remarked , that by the new arrangements in Scotland , the recruiting had encreased from 26 to 40 per week ; and in England considerable benefit had been derived from it , although at the most unfavourable season of the year . He hoped that the gentlemen apposite would not rashly alter his right hon . Friend 's plan , but would give it the fair trial to which it was justly entitled . He wished also to know , as soon as it would be convenient to ministers to tell him , what was to be the precise extent of the regulations in the Volunteer . System mentioned by lord Hawkesbury in his letter ? He feared they would be expensive . The saving made by his right hon . friend 's regulations amounted to 900,000l . a year . .Was it intended to restore some , or all of this ? In that case , he should move for new estimates . Above all , he hoped the house and the public would deeply consider the effect of the system of the late administration , and the probable effect of that which would be pursued by the present . If it were still contended , that under the late ministers , the Volunteer system had declined , let evidence be adduced to prove the allegation.—The hon . seconder of the address , in alluding to Ireland , had stated , that great danger resulted to that country from the introduction of the measure which he ( lord Howick ) had had the honour to propose . To him it appeared , that the danger resulted from the failure of the measure , and not from its introduction . He earnestly pressed his majesty 's ministers to attend to the advice of an hon . gent . now unfortunately no longer a member of parliament , the late Attorney-General for Ireland ( Mr. Plunkett ) , and to make Ireland the first and the last object of their thoughts . He believed too much anxiety could not be shewn on this subject . He should be glad to hear that some system of conciliation was proposed . He did not allude to any extension of indulgences , but to other regulations which might tranquillize the people . If circumstances of discontent were seized hold of by the enemy , the consequences might be importantly injurious , and against these consequences he wished to guard his majesty 's present ministry.—Of neutral nations nothing was said in his majesty 's speech : 627 when he recollected that the late administration had been told by the gentlemen opposite , that they had sacrificed the navigation laws , and that they had provided inadequate means to resist the French blockading decree of the 21st of September , he was suprised at this omission . He trusted , that the learned gent . opposite would confess , that he had formed an erroneous opinion , and that the latter measure especially , was not quite so inefficient as he had announced it to be . The hon . seconder spoke of the appeal that had been made to the people , and of the multitude of Addresses that had been poured in from every quarter ; of the loyalty of those addresses he had no doubt ; but if it were meant to insinuate , that in those addresses