and on looking at it , expressed his surprise most innocently , saying , `` Oh ! dear ; so the reversion bill has been rejected in the lords ! '' If he should happen to be informed of such circumstances , he must confess that he should be a good deal surprised . But then , some said that the measure would trench on the royal prerogative , and therefore it was objectionable . Now , he did not hesitate to say , that with him an objection of that sort had very little weight , as he was decidedly of opinion , that in many instances the prerogative of the crown , inasmuch as it obtained influence , ought to be diminished . Some gentlemen , however , took it in another view , and talked of coercing the other house of parliament . This was what could not bear a serious answer—to talk of coercing them was ridiculous . But so much would he say , that it was the acknowledged right and duty of the house of commons , to guard the public purse ; and that , as guardians of the public purse , they ought , in a measure of finance , which was peculiarly their province , to persevere until they might possibly at length convince the other house of the strength and propriety of their arguments . He should be glad , if it were possible , that a resolution should be framed , expressive of what appeared to be the unanimous opinion of the house on this subject , that it should be carried up to the house of lords , and that their lordships should then be called upon deliberately to express their opinion on it.—The question was then put on Mr. Bankes 's motion , which was carried , nem . con . ; and it was ordered that the address should be presented to his majesty by such members of that house as are also members of his majesty 's privy council . On the motion , that this house at its rising do adjourn to Thursday next , rose . He observed , that this country being at present surrounded by the most gloomy prospects which perhaps ever offered to any nation , events were not unlikely to occur which might induce irremediable distress , if the utmost vigour and vigilance were not employed by all the departments of the state to avert the evils that menaced us . In such a crisis , of course , he deprecated the prorogation of parliament ; pregnant , as the crisis was , with events which might render it peculiarly desirable for prudent ministers to resort to parliament for advice . He hoped , therefore , it was not intended by ministers to advise his majesty to prorogue parliament on Friday next , as rumour stated . Among the causes of gloom and alarm which this country at present witnessed , the hon . gent . noticed the state of our relations with a particular power—he meant Turkey ; with regard to which , that house and the country were really unable precisely to decide whether we were at peace , or whether we were at war . An ambassador had been appointed to that state , and yet what was the nature of our connexion with it , or our future prospect regarding it , was quite uncertain . But he did not propose to press any embarrassing questions upon his majesty 's ministers as to this topic . There were , however , other points upon which he was anxious , in common with the country at large , to receive all the information which ministers could consistently afford . The first and most important was with respect to the Russian treaty . In that treaty he observed an article specifically referring to the mediation of Russia between this country and France . Now , he wished to know whether any direct communication had been received from the court of Petersburgh , in consequence of this article ? At the same time , he could not help