adopted the resolution formerly submitted to it on this subject , and on the same principles concurred unanimously in the provisions of the bill winch he ( Mr. Bankes ) had the honour to carry up to the house of lords . What the fate of that bill had been , the house had an opportunity of ascertaining from the report of the committee appointed to examine the lords ' Journals , for their proceedings upon it . It appeared that it had been put off to a term to which there was no probability that this session would extend , and consequently that it might be considered as totally lost for the present . In order therefore , that no inconvenience might arise to the public service , as the legislative measure had failed , and what had before been the prerogative , might now be considered as in force , he thought it the duty of that house to address his majesty , that he would be graciously pleased not to grant any offices in reversion , till both houses should have an opportunity of considering the subject most fully . It was on this ground he proposed to move the address . It might be thought that it would be better to bring in the bill , but both he , and those 1160 with whom he acted , were of opinion , that the house ought not to resort to any act , which might betray a disposition to usurp the legislative functions of the other house . The constitution had defined the duties of both , and he could not contribute more to the interests of that house , than by confining it within its just and natural limits . It had been suggested to him , therefore , that if a bill were to have been brought in , it might appear to be an attempt to do that by the single act of that house which should be done by the act of the legislature . The mode be proposed to adopt was altogether free from such an objection , and there were several instances on record , in which , whilst enquiries were carried on by that house , it had addressed his majesty to suspend the exercise of certain prerogatives until the result of such enquiries should be known . With such a view he had framed is motion , and if the house was disposed to support the principles when it agreed to the resolution last session , and passed the bill this session , he was convinced that there would be an unanimous concurrence in his motion . He then moved , `` that an humble address be presented to his majesty , that he would be graciously pleased not to grant , in any part of his majesty 's dominions , any office , place , employment , or salary , in reversion , or for joint lives with benefit of survivorship , until six weeks after the commencement of the next session of parliament . '' Before the question was put , he had one observation to make , which he would take the liberty to add by way of notice , namely that he meant , in an early period of next session , to move for leave to bring in a similar bill to that which had passed that house this session.—On the question being put , said it was not his intention to enter upon any long discussion at present , and he now only rose to express that surprise and regret which he could not help feeling at the result of the enquiry of the committee which had been appointed to examine the Journals of the lords , relative to their proceedings upon the Reversion bill . From this it appeared , that that important bill had been rejected . But he could not help being very much surprized at this , because it was an unusual thing that a bill which had met with so very slender an opposition [ none , none , from several quarters of the house , ]