of copies to supply all the new members , he recommended , with a view to economy and expedition , that instead of renewing the general order for presenting and printing , the remaining copies should be distributed to the new members , and that the business should be decided oil as early a day as possible in this session . expressed his willingness to promote a speedy decision , but with a fear that the present session , from the variety of other important business , would not in its short duration afford either sufficient time , or a sufficiently full attendance for this question . from the difficulty of deciding in a case in which the noble marquis 's friends thought his administration most useful , and the East India Company , according to a book published under the authority of the Court of Directors , represented it as the most injurious to their trade and revenue , as an absolute despotism , violatory of all the laws for the government of India , thought the present short session , occupied as it would be with a multiplicity of other important matters , would not afford a proper opportunity for coming to a determination upon it . thought there was a combination of every private and public reason for coming to a decision as speedily as possible . Those who had been members of the last parliament , had read all the documents which had been ordered , he would say too precipitately , without the substantiation of a prima facie case of guilt . The papers in the vote office would supply the new members . said , it was not necessary that papers should be presented and printed in every new parliament , in order to afford ground for parliamentary proceedings . It was enough that they were in the custody of the house , and might be read . If the sense of the house should be to dispose of any papers in its stores to any particular description of members , it would be the duty of the Speaker to carry the wish of the house shortly into execution.— In answer to a wish expressed by sir A. Wellesley , that a day should be appointed for the decision of the question , lord Folkestone stated , that for himself he was always ready to come to the discussion , but he could not fix any day without consulting others . rose , to give an explanation of some circumstances , which had caused much unmerited obloquy to be cast upon him . He did not wish to conceal the state of anxiety in which he was . But that anxiety arose from a fear , lest his abilities should not be sufficiently , adequate to the task ; and lest the feelings of one , little accustomed to calumny , should render him incapable of giving a full explanation . That transaction was the only one he had ever had with government , or ever would have if he could help it . The fourth report of the Commissioners of Military Inquiry had been perverted for the purpose of casting aspersions on him ; and it had been said , that he had received undue favours from govern- 676 ment , and had taken an undue advantage of the public . That charge was most false and unfounded ; but he did not think himself called upon to answer anonymous aspersions , and had therefore waited with patience till the meeting of parliament gave him an opportunity of justifying himself . He felt that this explanation was due to the house , to himself , and to his constituents , but particularly to the administration of Mr. Addington ( lord Sidmouth ) , during which the transaction had commenced ; and more particularly still to one of the present lords of the Treasury ( Mr. S. Bourne ) , who at one period of the affair had been secretary of the Treasury , which had exposed him , as well as himself , to a great deal of unjust calumny . In 1795