of the people would have been so strongly expressed to their representatives , that it must have been rejected , and the gentlemen opposite must have lost their places . He blamed the eagerness with which ministers had subverted his right hon . friend 's plan , which he contended , was every day improving in excellence ; and remonstrated against the stigma thrown upon the militia , which amounted to an accusation that they were not fit to defend their country . gave his consent to the measure , not because he was blind to the inconveniences that must , in many cases result from it , but because , feeling in common with every member of the house the necessity of increasing the military force of the country , he did not consider himself warranted in opposing the bill for that purpose , proposed by his majesty 's ministers , unless he could offer 1063 something better in substitution . He stated the grounds of his approbation of the plan of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , and lamented that there were such fluctuations in many parts of the administration of the country , that that plan could not have fair play . It could not be denied that the ballot would be highly oppressive , and would materially injure , and for a time , destroy the recruiting for the regular army . To obviate this latter evil as much as possible , he thought it adviseable that the money given for substitutes should pass alone through the hands of government , and was , therefore desirous , that the fines should not be of such an amount as to preclude this course . The clause introduced in the committee giving the volunteers from the Militia to the line , the option of limited or unlimited service , met with his peculiar reprobation . It was with the most sincere regret that he found this bill was all that it was intended to propose , as he conceived that it was far from being adequate to the exigency of the country . His noble friend had recommended that further measures should be delayed to the next session , but was it certain that in the next session the opportunity of due deliberation would be afforded ? Why the Training bill should not be put in force was to him utterly incomprehensible . It had never been considered as onerous , but if there were obstacles to its execution , he did not think it became parliament to separate until an attempt had been made to remove those obstacles . He rejoiced that the volunteer system was reviving , but some other body of force was required in the country , from which in case of invasion the regular army might be recruited . If ever there was any probability of an invasion , that probability had become much increased within the last two or three years . Every thing had occured to facilitate it , nothing to retard it . opposed the bill . He considered , that not only the particular clause objected to , but the whole of the bill was directly hostile to the plan of his right hon . friend , which , he was convinced , was the best means hitherto prepared for the permanent support of our armies . regretted that so much opposition had been given to this measure , which he maintained was highly expedient . The former Volunteers from the Militia had given to the army some of the best non-commissioned officers , and even adjutants , and he deprecated the wish to lock up men of similar character , from extending their so here of service . put it to the house to decide , who were right and who were wrong , in the circumstances which detained the house for such a length of time that morning . He appealed to what had just passed . Would it have been proper to have read the bill a third time , without having heard the discussion which had that evening taken place ?