force , and has hinted at improvements which he has in view in the system of the volunteers.—I could have wished , my lords , that if such ameliorations are in contemplation , they had been brought forward for the immediate consideration of parliament , instead of being put off for months , as if it were a matter in which delay can produce no inconvenience . In my view of our situation , never was there a time when we could less afford delay . Whatever measures are to be adopted for our defence , there is not a month , not a week , to be lost in applying them to practice . A delay of no long period may be fatal.—Without waiting , however , till the noble lord may explain what his views are , I feel confident in asserting , that it is impossible to devise any plan , by which the volunteers can be rendered a defensive force adequate to the present crisis . I am far , my lords , from feeling the least disposition to undervalue the merits of a body of men , who have made the noblest and most patriotic sacrifices ; but the system of their institution is liable to fundamental objections , which no exertions on their part can ever overcome . I have seen too much of the patriotic zeal of the volunteers not to honour the spirit which animates them , and not to trust that , when the hour of peril comes , they will meet it with all that determination , which an enthusiastic attachment to the cause of their country 's freedom can inspire.—I am sensible too , that the volunteer establishment , even if it were to be broken up immediately , has already done important services to the country . It has diffused a military spirit , and no inconsiderable portion of military knowledge , throughout the nation . It has infused into the people a confidence in our own resources ; and , above all , it has removed every clog to the full employment of these resources , by extinguishing totally , and I trust for ever , those , jealousies which formerly prevailed between the government and the people , in regard to military force . Formerly there was an excessive diffidence on the part of government , to put arms into the hands of any but the standing army ; while , on the other hand , a corresponding jealousy subsisted in the people and in parliament , against intrusting the crown with a considerable standing army . While this spirit mutually prevailed , the exertions of the country were cramped . There was no more 1131 in which our military resources could be called forth , that was not , on one side or the other , an object of jealousy . This spirit is now at an end , and it is the volunteer establishment that has annihilated it . At the commencement of the present war , the government , with a magnanimous confidence in the spirit and loyalty of the people , threw itself upon their spontaneous efforts for support , and put arms into the hands of 4 or 500,000 volunteers . This act of confidence was met by a reciprocal confidence on the part of the people . Indeed it could not be otherwise . How could the people entertain any suspicion of a design against their liberties on the part of a government , which did exactly what a treacherous and designing ruler would be most afraid of doing ? How could they fear that the army would be turned against their liberties , by those men who gave them the arms by which every such attack might be repelled ? This great measure was not only a mark of confidence on the part of government , but an unequivocal earnest of the rectitude of their intentions ; and as such it has been received by the country . We hear no more of scruple about granting to the crown the most numerous armies that can be raised . The