this fact . He would tell the house how the dilemma had been got the better of ; it was only done by adding one illegal act to another ; by informing those who refused to pay the additional duties on the goods which they had removed in the mean time , that until they paid such additional duties , they should not be allowed to land any more goods . The father-in-law of the present member for Dublin ( Mr. Shaw ) rather than do so had retired from business sooner than he intended ; declaring that he would never submit to the allowing the Custom House officers to take from him what they were not entitled to by law . In this way the merchants in Ireland had been sur- 664 charged every year , except the year when he had the management of the Revenue of Ireland.—After some additional conversation the house went into a committee . Ordered that the report be brought up on Monday . presented , by his majesty 's command , the Order in Council , continuing the provisions of the American Intercourse act , which expired during the recess , and gave notice that it was the intention of his majesty 's government to propose to parliament a bill for continuing the above act for a time to be then specified , and to propose in such bill a clause of Indemnity for the advice given to his majesty to continue the provisions of the former act , after it had legally expired . stated that the reason he did not , when in office , recommend the continuance of the act which had now expired was the pending negociation with America . He trusted , that when the treaty which was the result of that negociation came to be discussed , it would be discussed as a treaty ratified , and he felt satisfied it would be found that every possible attention had been paid to the interests of this country . He thought it but fair now to state , that when the question of the renewal of the American Intercouse act came to be discussed , he should probably be of opinion , that the same reasons which before operated did not exist for the continuance of the act . One part of it , in particular , he objected to , and was objected to during the negociation ; he alluded to that part of it which allowed to the Americans a carrying-trade between our possessions in the East Indies and Europe . referred to the Bill of Rights to prove the illegality of levying money by the authority of the crown , without the consent of parliament , and which he contended was done in the present instance , by continuing to levy duties without any competent authority . admitted that it was an infraction of the law , and therefore his majesty 's ministers came to parliament for indemnity . Admitting the general principle , as stated by the noble lord , he wished to be understood that this case must stand upon its own special circumstances , of which that house would judge when the subject came regularly before them . contended that the order of council for levying duties which had no legal existence was a violation of a most important constitutional principle , which ought to undergo the most serious discussion in that house . Ministers had advised his majesty to levy duties for a whole month without any legal authority , and now proposed to introduce a clause in the bill intended to be brought in to indemnify themselves for this violation of the law . He thought at least that house ought to have the opportunity of discussing the great question involved in this act of the ministers in a manner which its importance deserved , and not in the shape of a clause tacked to a money bill . considered the question of so much importance , that he deemed it necessary to move for the appointment of a committee to search for precedents since the year 1688 , of