now proposed , the 28,000 newly raised recruits were to be engrafted into 100 different battalions , into which they themselves would infuse additional vigour , and from whose almost complete state of training , on the other hand , they must be brought in a comparatively short period to the use of arms . He confessed there was one part of the bill he did not like , and that was the clause by which any infringement was made on the improved mode of recruiting the regular army , introduced during the last year . He should have preferred it had the period of limited service been still adopted , raising the bounty progressively , as 7 guineas for seven years , 8 guineas for eight years , 9 guineas for nine years , & c. though he seldom found himself disposed to compliment the present ministers , could not refrain from giving them his thanks for any measure which went to add to the force of the country at this important crisis . To the mode , however , in which this additional force was sought to be raised , he felt himself called on to object . He would greatly prefer the measure recommended by the noble viscount ; namely , the Army of Reserve . It had been tried , and found effectual . If , however , the present measure passed into a law , it should have his utmost assistance to give it effect ; but at the same time it had not his approbation . rose and spoke nearly as follows : * —My lords ; Though I concur in many of the objections which have been stated to the particular provisions of the bill before us , yet I can not consider these details as an interesting subject of discussion , when the measure is liable , in its very principles , to an objection of paramount importance—I mean , that it is totally inadequate to the exigencies of the crisis in which we are placed . The noble secretary of state who moved the bill , has opened the subject with many forcible observations on the dangers with which we are surrounded , and on the necessity which we are under , of making extraordinary exertions , in consequence of the recent great successes of the enemy . But when the noble lord proceeded to specify the exertions , which he wishes the country to make , I could not help thinking the measures which he proposed , a strange contrast to the exordium of his speech . When the noble lord , after taking such ample time to consider the subject , brings forward a proposal prefaced with such observations , we are surely led to expect , that the preparations to be made , should be in some degree commensurate with the exigency , and with the amount of the force , which we may expect to be brought against us . But , supposing that the measure now proposed were free from all the particular objections which have been urged against it—to what does it amount ? All that is even proposed is , to raise 44,000 men in the course of twelve months ; and that by a ballot , of which the acknowledged effect will be to impede and nearly to suspend the ordinary recruiting , by which in the same space of time at least one half of that number would be raised . The noble lord then considers an addition of 20 or 24,000 men to our regular and militia force , as a counterpoise to the increase of power , which France has obtained during the last three campaigns . With this additional number of men we are to be enabled to resist the gigantic power , which is now preparing to overwhelm us.—Good heavens ! my lords , is it possible that the noble secretary can be serious in making such a proposal ? or are we to believe that his majesty 's ministers have never at all reflected on the nature and amount of the danger with which we are menaced