in all the rights and benefits enjoyed by their fellow subjects ; and the name of a great departed minister had been pledged for the performance , but the pledge remained unredeemed . He saw on the opposite bench a noble lord ( Castlereagh ) who had been principally instrumental in carrying that measure into effect ; but he did not see a right hon . gent . now high in the administration of the affairs of Ireland ( Mr. Foster ) , or he would have wished to address himself to him . He remembered to have heard that hon . gent . charge the noble lord , directly , and to his face , with having carried the union by the means of corruption , and an undue exercise of arbitrary power.—They were now closely allied , and both holding high situations in the administration of the country : What were the Irish to feel when they saw nothing proceed from such a junction but renewed restrictions on them ? when they received no attention from government , but for the purpose of coercion ? He concluded by repeating , that , as he should readily have voted for the `` Arms and Insurrection bills , '' had they been only as means of defence in prosecuting a system of a different nature , yet he had not been able to approve of them as a material part of the system itself—though 1211 * he could have granted them as auxiliaries , he could not as principals , but as they were now passed , he thought all that remained was , if possible , to obtain some pledge , that parliament would resume that enquiry into the state of Ireland which the late government had set on foot ; he thought the motion of his right hon . friend was well adapted for this purpose , and he was happy to find that he should concur in the vote with many of those friends , with whom , in a former instance , it had been so painful to him to disagree . was surprized at the indiscretion of the right hon . mover ; for to represent Ireland as treated worse than a conquered country , and as having neither arms to fight with , nor any thing to fight for , and as oppressed or neglected by the legislature , contrary to the fact , tended to irritate that country , and to promote disunion between the united kingdoms . He was also surprized , that the right hon . gent . should represent the acts of a legislature , that was distinguished by cosmopolitan beneficence , as the evil of which Ireland had to complain . So far from being a suspension of the constitution , these acts were but the exercise of it . To call forth the powers given by the constitution for the protection of the peaceable and loyal subjects , was but to put the constitution in force . He was happy that the example of the right hon . gent . had not been followed by the other right hon . gent . who spoke from the same bench , and had pointed out certain measures for the relief of Ireland . As to the measure respecting education , he entirely agreed with that right hon . gent . ; and as to a composition for tithes , if that should be necessary , he would not oppose it , provided that composition were to be progressive with the times , and as well secured as tithes were in this country to the clergy . As to the question of emancipation , his difficulty was , that the principles of the religion would , in the event of the Catholics getting power , be dangerous to the Protestant ascendancy . He thought that all governments , from which concessions or boons were demanded , should secure a due obedience to the laws before granting them , lest they should be received as proceeding from weakness , and not from wisdom and benevolence , and thus excite contempt instead of