place as a peer of parliament , and declare that he seriously thought there could be any danger to the established church from any measure that had been proposed immediately before the dissolution , even if it were carried into effect . But how absurd , how ridiculously preposterous must it appear , to see that such an alarm was endeavoured to be excited in many parts of the country after that measure was withdrawn ! It was a fact which still remained without a disavowal on the part of his majesty 's ministers , and which was openly and publicly declared by many of their friends . At the same time , he had too high an opinion of their lordships ' liberality and good sense to imagine , that any one noble lord in that house , whether a member of his majesty 's government or not , ever once for a moment believed , that at this day there was any danger to the church establishment to be apprehended in England . But there was still a circumstance , respecting which he should be glad to be informed ; he should be glad to know upon what ground it was stated in all the addresses to his majesty on this head , that the church and state were supposed to be in the most imminent danger ? He was induced to ask for this information from his observation that these addresses uniformly came from places where ministers were known to have the greatest influence . In fact , their zeal was so very eager in its pursuit of addresses , that it was officially acknowledged in one instance that it outran the fact ; an address was formally inserted in the London Gazette , from the College of the Holy and Undivided Trinity , in the city of Dublin , in support of this idle cry ; but , was it a fact , that the members of that University actually joined in that senseless clamour ? No ; that learned body was too enlightened and too liberal to indulge in such a prejudice , as that with which they were attempted to be branded ; and the same London Gazette , printed by the authority of government ; was afterwards obliged to confess that no such address had been presented ! —Now that he spoke of public proceedings , he recollected , and it was a fact which must he known to many of their lordships , that an advertisement was printed in the public papers , signed with the name of his majesty 's chancellor of the exchequer , thus adding the weight and influence of office to the authority which the learned gent . 's own name brought with it . He did not yet know that 601 this was contradicted , and while such a cry was suffered to be spread throughout the country without contradiction from those in whose name they were circulated , the prejudices of the people were wantonly excited . The people in many instances , took no time to consider more than if a cry of `` fire , fire , '' was raised ; though this should be done at a time when there was no danger , still the people , if they heard that the cry was raised by those whose duty it was to take care of their interests , might be apt not to consider or examine into the ground of the alarm , but betake themselves to any mean that was suggested to them as the most likely to insure their safety . At the same time that these alarms were spread without contradiction he could not refrain from noticing the duplicity of which his majesty 's ministers were guilty ; whilst they themselves appeared to be thus engaged in exciting animosity amongst his majesty 's subjects , they put it into his majesty 's mouth that he recommended unanimity among all classes and descriptions of his people . With the noble viscount ( lord Sidmouth ) he must observe , that of those men his expectations were not equal to his