am happy that I do feel enabled to afford a full answer upon those points to which the hon . gent . appears to attach the most importance . First , then , as to Russia ; the hon . gent . 's interrogatory is—whether any direct communication has been received from the court of St. Petersburgh , conformably to a certain article in the treaty recently concluded between that country and France ? Undoubtedly , a direct communication has been received from the Russian court , by his majesty 's government , containing an offer of mediation between this country and France . But , I think it right , at the same time to state that this communication was unaccompanied by any copy of the treaty lately concluded , or any of its conditions—but specifically not the article alluded to by the hon member . This communication was received on the 2d of this month , and at that time his majesty 's ministers had no knowledge whatever of the terms of the Russian treaty ; but least of all of a certain article in that treaty . Nor had they , indeed , any intelligence upon the subject , until they received it through the same medium as that which conveyed it to the public , namely , a French newspaper . Under these circumstances , ministers received the communication I have mentioned from Russia , and to that communication ; they returned , what in such a state of things must have been expected , only a conditional answer . What the nature of that answer was , the hon . gent . will not ask me to state ; but I can assure him , that the answer of ministers was given in the most perfect ignorance of the Russian treaty , and particularly of the article alluded to by the hon . gent.—The 1172 next interrogatory of the hon . gent . alluded to America : now , upon this point , I can have no difficulty in communicating to the house and to the public , the fullest information in my power ; and I am peculiarly glad of the opportunity which the hon . gent . has afforded me of so doing . But , before I enter into the transaction to which the hon . member 's question more particularly refers , I beg to state , that any circumstances which may have occurred with regard to America , can , in no degree , have arisen out of the conduct of his present ministers . For this reason , that finding upon their accession to office , certain relations subsisting between this country and America—finding a treaty pending , though not yet ratified , and the public faith of this country solemnly pledged—they felt no duty so sacred.—they saw no line so clear , as not to interfere with the course of these relations ; but to proceed according to the impulse given by their predecessors . Whatever our own feelings were upon the merits of the measure , we felt it our duty , and formed our resolution , to give the fullest effect to the stipulations of the treaty which our predecessors had concluded ; such , in fact , both collectively and individually , was our determined purpose . Under these considerations , I can assure the house that no alteration whatever was made in the course pursued by our predecessors—nothing whatever was done that could bear on their treaty , or the objects they had in view . No new instructions whatever were sent to our minister at the American court ; and as to our naval force off the American coast , they had precisely the same orders as those which prevailed under our predecessors . Upon the conduct of that force , I can not as yet attempt to pronounce an opinion . Until a recent transaction shall be enquired into , and the fullest and most accurate examination shall take place , it would be premature to decide upon it . But , whatever the conduct of this naval force , or the