were threatened with utter ruin , could still remain unalarmed and inert , and be prompted into action only by the influence of British subsidies ? Such a supposition was too absurd to be seriously attended to ; and as to the system of the late administration , to which the noble lord so fondly referred , and seemed so anxious to bring under discussion , he could fairly say , that the inertness and folly of that administration , had formed the heaviest obstacle with which the present government had to struggle . They had never prepared any one practical means by which our allies could be assisted , or that could inspire them with the hopes of contending successfully with the common enemy . Their measures were adopted without foresight conducted without energy , and , consequently , had producer no effect . The question was then put on the address , and agreed to nem . diss . moved the order of the day for the second reading of this bill . He felt it to be a measure of great importance , and it was natural to expect he should adduce some reasons for its adoption . Measure of a similar nature had often been resorted to by the parliament of Ireland , the necessity of which had grown out of the French revolution , and the principles which the authors of it had attempted to disseminate throughout every country . Associations had at different times been entered into in that part of the empire , in which oaths wet administered , and engagements entered in to , for the worst of purposes . To counteract these practices , a bill of the nature of the present was first introduced . If such practices were dangerous then , how much more so must they be in the present state of Europe and of the empire , and when fate of Ireland was more closely linked than ever with the fate of this country ; and Of the continent ? He could not , under such circumstances , foresee that any material objections would be made to the bill not only because it was brought forward a milder shape than that in which the parliament of Ireland had passed it , but be- 990 cause it was known to have been in the contemplation of the late administration to bring forward a measure , little different from that which was now proposed , and with which , of course , the noble lords on the other side would not be much disposed to quarrel . In that hope , he should move that the bill be now read a second time . not to oppose the principle of the bill , or perhaps even its provisions , though there were some of them which he wished to see amended , but to give it an assent , which , however , was wrung from him with sorrow , and only by he gripe of an extreme and lamentable necessity . He felt it to be a necessity not only painful to his feelings , but degrading to his character as a member of that house . How long was the imperial parliament to continue to legislate for Ireland in the spirit of this measure , that is , in defiance of the best principles of the constitution , in the blessings of which we can not allow that unfortunate country to participate ? Were these the promises—are these the fruits of the union ? But , if he was compelled to submit to the humiliation and the hardship of assenting to such a measure , the causes at least should be enquired into , which produced the dire necessity upon which alone it was attempted to be justified . These causes chiefly appeared to be , the disabilities that hung upon the Catholics in that distracted country , the pressure of the tithes , and the efforts that were systematically made to keep alive religious animosities between the Catholics and the Protestants in Ireland . On each of these causes , the noble lord descanted . He