proclaim a county under martial law , and restoring the peace by means of the common law of the land—that the circumstances of Ireland being understood for some time back , was mere matter of accident ; that judge Fox knew nothing at all about the state of the country . But , would not the foreigner be apt to ask , why , it Ireland were in such a state of disaffection , should the military force be taken away from it , and two oppressive and arbitrary bills sent there , still more to irritate that disaffection ? Perhaps the right hon . gent . might say , that be relied more upon these bills for preserving Ireland , than he did upon a military force ; that when he marched out an army , he would march in an act of parliament ; that when he withdrew a legion , he would substitute a law . But above all , what was the foreigner likely to say to the right hon . gent . when he found that , while every endeavour was using to arm the English , the Irish were disarming ? With such a remarkable contrast before him , would not the foreigner—would not any man interested for Great Britain , or possessing common sense , be disposed , particularly at a crisis when the invasion of a powerful enemy was to be apprehended , to put this plain question to the minister ? If you take away the arms of the Irish , what are they to fight with ? And if you take away their constitution , what are they to fight for ? —It has been said , that there exists a French party in Ireland ; but when was it that such a party did not exist in that country ? Since the days of Elizabeth ; from the very commencement of those foul and tyrannical measures which originated in national jealousy , political prejudice , or religious dissention , but particularly the latter , which drove Catholics of high spirit from their native country , numbers of such exiles found an asylum in France , and hence a correspondence between them and their relations in Ireland , which naturally led to the creation of a French party in Ireland , and an Irish party can not for a moment be insisted upon as a justification for the oppressive laws it was quoted 1192 to support . For what policy could be more mischievous and inhuman , than a perseverance in the same persecuting measures which originally created that party ? Let the state of Ireland be enquired into—let persecution and injustice be put an end to , and the French party would soon cease to exist . But , I can not admit the danger of such a party in a political point of view . The correspondence of family connections may exist altogether independent of national attachments and prejudices , and perhaps this talked-of French party may consist solely of mere family connection , abstracted from all political views . At all events , there is no evidence upon the subject to direct the judgment of this house . There is , I must observe , a principle contained in the argument which the alleged existence of this party was adduced to support , that bears a most fearful character for Ireland indeed . For the Irish exiles having found an asylum in America , in Denmark , and other states , it would follow from the use made of this principle , that whenever Great Britain should be at war with either of these states , Ireland would be liable to have her constitution suspended , there being to be found an American and a Danish party in Ireland , as well as a French , and all arising from the same cause ; which cause it is the tendency of the bills I have objected to to continue and increase.—The cause of emigration and exile from Ireland has been considerably diminished under the auspices of our present most gracious sovereign ; but still a great deal