90,000 men was raised ; and such was the confidence and spirit prevailing at that time , that in a few months it was completely officered , and in less than a year in the highest state of discipline . Scarcely however had this fine fabric attained this degree of perfection , than it began to totter . In 1804 , a change of government took place , and the first measure of the new administration was , the Additional Force bill , one great principle of which was to suffer this force to decay , in numbers equal to the supplementary militia . What was the consequence ? In the course of one year , the numbers of course fell off from the casualties not having been filled up , and a vast number of officers sent in their resignations , partly from disgust , partly from finding that their services were in a short time not likely to be wanted . And it is curious to remark , that this injurious result of the first measure , namely , a defalcation of five hundred officers , was made a principal argument in the subsequent year , for allowing 17,000 militia to volunteer into the line . For this he had voted , as it was evident that the men could be of no use where they were without officers to command them . With this experience before our eyes , we are now called upon to resort again to this violation of faith towards the militia , and not only to supply the numbers so volunteering , but to add 10,000 to their numbers . We began at the wrong end ; instead of thus extinguishing all inducements for gentlemen to come forward , we should begin by endeavouring to revive confidence . We knocked down with one hand , and then raised with the other ; but he feared that the blow would be so stunning as to afford no hope of placing this establishment on its legs again . And suppose the highly pro- 955 bable case , of a great resignation of officers , and of the militia furnishing but few volunteers , while you are adding 38,000 men to their numbers . They would be totally useless , and must either be disbanded again , or these new levies must be allowed by a new act to volunteer also into the line . The measure was full of absurdities , as well as of risk.—The disadvantages were likely to be such as no possible advantage could compensate ; and we should endanger the ruin and annihilation of this branch of service , when we were most likely to stand in need of it . The other dangers of such an experiment had been before fully stated by his right hon . relation near him ( Mr. Bathurst ) . These were , the shock that would be given to the militia , if the measure was successful , from which it would take a long time to recover ; its total inefficiency for many months , by reason of the diminution of the strength of the companies ; to which he would also add , that the whole of what remained would be rendered useless for near a twelvemonth to come , by the necessity of employing all the non-commissioned officers to drill the recruits as they came in from the different counties.—He proceeded to the next consideration , of no less importance . Were any advantages at all likely to accrue from it , or to any extent ? His right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) had called it a mere commutation of service , but he could not travel so fast with him as to admit its claim even to that degree of recommendation . Out of doors , it had been called `` Robbing Peter to pay Paul . '' Nor was that accurate , because it was evident that unless Peter consented to be robbed , Paul could not possibly be paid.—This , then , he would take as his thesis ; and he could not but admire