first attentively turned his mind to this subject , to look at bishop Warburton , who was described as unanswerable . He had not a very high veneration for bishop Warburton ; but he found that he laid down his principles in a much broader and more statesmanlike manner than the noble and learned lord . He says , it is not the tenets , but the opinion o : the great majority of the people that , lays the foundation of this alliance : and let the learned lord apply this to Ireland , and to Scotland . Would he revive in the last-mentioned country the horrors suffered there in the attempt to force episcopacy on the people ? He could not think himself an enemy to the church of England in stating the result of his reflections on this subject . which were those of the revolutionists of 1688 , and of that excellent prince William III . The learned lord 's words were pretty nearly what was said formerly against the Scottish Presbyterians : `` But there was no constitution before all this . '' What ! none in Edward the third 's time , when the treason laws were passed ? To be sure the learned lord had not appeared to like those laws . Very much . Lord Clarendon , who was a very eminent man , but not always enlightened , nor always just , had said that the church of England could never be safe , if the Presbyterian form was established in Scotland . Accordingly , episcopacy must he established in Scotland , and that was attempted by acts as bad as any of those of the inquisition . They had recourse for that purpose to torture . But did they succeed ? Mark the conclusion . Read the history of Scotland , and then suppose the union passed , establishing episcopacy in that country , and the king overruled by the sophisticated law of cry lord Clarendon . What would have been the state of Scotland now ? But then , should we establish the Catholics in Ireland ? To that he would say , that we might , it the case were similar to that of . Scotland . Let the learned lord state what he thinks of the case of Scotland . Why did he propose 786 episcopacy there , and let there be but one religion , as well as but one parliament ? He had never heard of the few bishops in Scotland doing any harm to the establishment of the country . It had been asked , were the Protestants of Ireland to he disgusted ? It was not a church-of-England , a Protestant , nor a Christian maxim , to be disgusted at the acquisition of rights , by our fellow subjects . If it be sate to do it , it ought to gladden every Protestant heart . There were degrees of persecution , but these were not to be estimated like the obtainable possession of freehold or other franchises , by any act of special pleading . This eminent country , which had produced such great ornaments of the human race , ought not , to perpetuate a system that other nations had discarded from its narrowness . Was it no privation , no injury to a man , to shut up to him the path of preferment , in arts , in arms , and in councils ? His lordship here quoted the strong language of the house of lords in the conference of the 8th of January 1702 , which : stated , `` that nothing out a crime should incapacitate an Englishman from serving his country . '' observed , that the statement which had been made on this subject by his majesty 's ministers , was so clear , that only one point remained to be explained , and chat was , why the duties levied by the order of council were higher than those levied by the expired acts . He allowed that the law had been infringed , and consequently that a material inconvenience had been incurred