that country , and of a spirit of patriotism liberal and enlightened as his talents . The present bill had been supported by them both ; and was it so culpable in him ( Mr. Grattan ) to yield to his own impulse when sanctioned by such great constitutional authority ? The bill he believed to be necessary , and so rooted was his conviction , that he should have supported that bill had he been left in a trifling minority—nay , continued Mr. Grattan , had I stood alone I should have voted for both bills—the state of Ireland justified them . I am not speaking against Ireland , but I am advocating the cause of Ireland against France . I would put Ireland herself against the distempers that would sap her constitution—it is a strong constitution—nature has done much , but something may creep in to abuse the bounty of nature—at the same time they are not to be looked upon as symptoms of weakness—the bodily habit is physically strong , and the eruptions on the surface prove rather a certain kind of inane violence , that may be purified into salutary strength ; —correct the external pruriency , and you have all the advantages of inward health and substantial vigour—the pimple on the face of the fair one does not dim the lustre of her beauty or contract the fascination of her charms . In the same manner , if Ireland had expressed any indignant sense of measures that were deemed oppressive , the feeling that was strong in resentment for alledged sufferings , would be lively in gratitude for projected benefits . Ireland might murmur for what she had suffered , but would be grateful for what she was but promised . So much for Ireland . With respect to those two laws , they are enacted not against Ireland , but for the empire . If the suspension of the constitution is objected to , I answer that the Mutiny bill is a suspension of the constitution in England ; of the dearest privileges of the Bill of Rights ; yet , why was it enacted ? That we might have an army—a standing army—in England , and why are those bills , the Irish Arms and Irish Insurrection bills , enacted ? —why , that the French may not have an army in Ireland . It is good to talk of abstract principles ; but it is better to apply such principles to existing difficulties . I would therefore suspend the English constitution in Ireland , that Ireland may have 1205 it and maintain it ever after . I like abstract principles most where they can be best applied ; those wide , vague , cosmopolitan principles were useless if they did not apply , and perhaps were dangerous if they did . So much for the bills which I have supported ; and now as to the general state of Ireland I would say a few words . If you would remedy Ireland , look to it in three points of view : look to it in its education , its agriculture , and its religion . The system of education is bad ; it is , as far as relates to the free schools , a monopoly—the number of petty schools are injurious to the cause of literature . I would go not only to educate the rich but the poor . Eight thousand acres of land support but 18 free schools , averaging the 8000 acres at 10,000 pounds—those free schools have not succeeded ; I am not prepared to say why . Many of the principals I know to be men of capability , assiduity , and learning ; but yet the schools have declined . Perhaps it is owing to the niggardly policy that defeats its own object in the manner of the institution . The petty schools are too many , and the great ones too few . The result of such an economy may be readily anticipated . Two or three great public schools would be better than a horde of these minor inefficient schools . When