dangerous doctrine , his lordship observed , to hold up the plea of necessity for that dissolution : he was exceedingly apprehensive that the precedent might lead hereafter to results destructive of the people 's rights ; and in such a way too , that even the authors of it might not be able to avert the consequences . It was giving such an enormous addition to the power of the crown , already too much increased , as might eventually bring this country into as complete subjection to the 781 minister of the day , as any of the Barbary States Taking a view of the causes which gave rise to the late change , his lordship observed , that lord Bacon had said that to lead on men from hope to hope , and still to keep them from despair , was the sign of a great statesman . How very different were the ideas the present ministers . The noble and learned lord would employ Roman Catholics neither in civil nor military affairs ; he would exclude them from the service of the state either by council or arms . The noble and learned lord seemed also to forget that we passed acts annually dispensing with those very statutes which the noble and learned lord reckoned so material a part of our constitution . Patriotic zeal , not bigoted prejudices , had produced the Revolution , and our ancestors Sent down to their posterity a great example of giving liberty of conscience upon constitutional expediency ; and all that had ever been conceded to the Catholics of Ireland , had been well deserved ; for , to the present hour , no part nor portion of his majesty 's subjects so magnanimously opposed the inroads of a foreign enemy . The noble lord vindicated the wisdom and policy of the intended measure that was to have permitted them to enjoy promotion to the state , and he deplored its failure . He shewed the interest that the Catholics of Ireland had in a Political union with the empire at large , and he thought it hard that four millions of loyal persons should be deprived of that common interest with the rest of their fellow subjects , which in common with them they were entitled to . When he reflected on the late dissolution , and on the principle that actuated it , namely , to add vigour to the new administration , he deprecated it , not merely for making the most unjust sacrifices , but because it attacked the very vitals of the constitution . wished to know what was that undescribed something so often alluded to , but not openly spoken out by the noble lord ( Grenville ) ? Did he mean that we should now go to the Catholics in formâ pauperis ? should confess that what we had refused , to them when our enemy was in the east , we were then wrong in withholding , and were ready to grant now he was returning to the west ; and that we were now ready to hug the Catholics to our bosoms , and to grant all that we had lately refused ? Did the noble lord wish this ? Did he really think such a conduct would do good ? He was happy , however , 782 to understand from . him that the wordy contest was now over , and that the members of that house were at length to think of something besides debating . Noble lords talked of four millions of Catholics , whose claims were to be granted : but did they recollect , that there were other inhabitants of Ireland , to whom the proposed measures might be disagreeable and disgusting ? He spoke as an Irishman and as a Protestant . It would be an act of the greatest baseness to desert the Protestants of Ireland . With respect to the late dissolution , what was the cause of the previous one ? Was there no trick , no arrangement , no influence in the elections then ? He would name Hampshire ;