hon . and learned gent . was his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) , for no other reason whatever , but because he was the active prosecutor of lord Melville . Sorry was he to witness the general spirit of attack and recrimination witnessed within that house ; it was not a season for it ; but when one party was continually throwing out dark and ambiguous hints , threatening to expose a something here , and to detect a something there ; perhaps the best , the most manly way to resist such vague attacks was by bold , express , and direct opposition—to answer hints by facts , and senseless cries by a demand for immediate inquiry . He begged pardon of the house for trespassing so long at so late an hour ; he had been hurried to a greater length than he had intended to have 731 gone , but it was not easy for a man to keep his temper , when he heard of charges and accusations , and saw what kind of men they were that preferred them . denied that he had said any thing in the slightest degree derogatory to the late chancellor Ponsonby , for whom he professed the most unfeigned respect.—The motion was then agreed to . regretted that the noble lord ( Howick ) was not present , to whom he had last night addressed a question respecting the omission in the grant of a pension to the late Irish Chancellor ( Mr. Ponsonby ) on his retiring from office , of the usual clause respecting the pension , should he again accept a situation of trust or emolument . He had since received information that this was owing to a mistake in the grant on this side of the water , and that in the warrant issued from the Treasury in Ireland , the proper clause was inserted . He trusted that no one was less disposed than himself to throw out an unfounded insinuation on any man , or any set of men . But he had been deceived by the mistake in the grant , which certainly did exist . He therefore moved , that the order which had last night been made for the production of the grant be discharged . Ordered . Soon after , entered the house , and observed , that his anxiety on this subject had been so great , that on the adjournment of the house last night , he had lost no time , but had called on Mr. Ponsonby , to ascertain the truth of the hon . gent 's , assertion . Mr. Ponsonby could not inform him whether or not the grant contained the clause alluded to ; but he assured him that he had never the slightest idea whatever of accepting the pension , without the usual conditions ; and he had since then written to lord Hawkesbury , stating , that should the clause actually have been omitted in the grant , he was ready to surrender it for the purpose of its insertion . He ( lord Howick ) confidently appealed to the gentlemen of Ireland , whether there had ever been a chancellor , who had discharged the important duties of his high office with greater ability , diligence ; and advantage to the public ? When he first succeeded to the office , the Chancery Court of Dublin was in arrears for six years of Notices , for 600 Motions , and for 427 Causes ; when he quitted office , he had got under all the notices and motions , and had 732 brought down the causes to 200 , besides going through with the current business . Had he remained in office a few months longer , not a single cause would have been left undetermined . He wished that the hon . gent . would , in future , be more cautions in preferring his accusations ; it would have been more candid , had he carefully inquired into this subject ; before he brought it forward for the consideration of the house of commons