for a recurrence to the sense of the people ; but if parliament is to be threatened with dissolution—and I maintain that the entrance of that misguided monarch , Charles I. into the house of commons * was not a more outrageous violation of the constitution , than the threat used by a right hon . secretary of state , ( Mr. Canning ) in the late house of commons—then parliament becomes subjected to the will of the crown , as many would then weigh in the balance a seat which they may instantly lose , and a seat for six years , which will necessarily have an undue influence upon votes . The only objection I have to the late house of commons is , that they did not adopt those strong and energetic measures which such a threat imperiously called for . —With respect to the events which have happened in the Mediterranean and in Egypt , those with whom .I had the honour to act , as well as myself , are anxious that every inquiry should be instituted which can tend to elucidate the circumstances which led to those events ; but when I look at that part of the speech from the throne which refers to these events , I can not help observing that the penman of this speech , in his eagerness to censure the late ministers , has put into his majesty 's mouth a strong * See Cobbett 's Parliamentary History of England , vol . 2. p. 1009 . 589 condemnation of his majesty 's government . I also find in the same speech a desire that union and harmony may prevail . This recommendation of ministers , under the circumstances in which it is made , brings to my recollection a story which is almost too ludicrous for this house . but which is so extremely applicable that I can not refrain from relating it . Two persons in another part of the united kingdom having been at a fair , where less of that amusement had taken place than frequently prevails at fairs in that country , were displeased on their return that there had not been enough of what they called `` rowing ; '' after consulting together a little , one of them said to the other , I will tell you a sure way of having a row , let us go back to the fair and preach up `` peace and good order . '' The noble lord has denied that ministers have raised any cry of `` no popery , '' but , my lords , look at the address of the new chancellor of the exchequer to the electors of Northampton ; look also at those newspapers which are understood to be in the interest of government . My lords , in one of these papers it was observed immediately after the prorogation of parliament , that it was hoped the cry of `` no popery '' which had issued from the throne would be re-echoed in every quarter of the country . The noble lord has cast the cry upon the shoulders of the people ; but the people in general have too much good sense to be duped by such a cry , and the ministers with all their efforts have failed in their experiment . Let me however , pay that tribute to the right reverend prelates who sit in this house , to which they are entitled , for that firmness and moderation , which , amidst the cry to which I have alluded , have uniformly marked their conduct . There is another part of the speech , my lords , against which I protest , as most unconstitutional . We are told that the Addresses to which my noble friend ( earl Fortescue ) alluded , as addresses from chapters and corporations , we are told that these addresses have expressed the sense of the people . Thus , after an appeal to the people , the new parliament are to be told at the outset , we do not want you to express the sense