little use , while it occasioned a great deal of mischief . But after the decision already come to , he could not expect to succeed in any opposition he might now give to it . It ought to be considered however , that the regiments were far removed from their respective counties , and that a great deal of difficulty would attend the collecting of the recruits . If the measure should pass into a law , he should undoubtedly do his endeavour to give it effect . Notwithstanding , however , the partiality he felt for the gentlemen on his side ( the opposition side ) # x2014 ; a partiality of which he certainly had no reason to be ashamed—he assured the gentlemen on the other side , that he would have opposed this measure though it had come from those whom he thought much better entitled to his confidence . was of opinion that our regular force ought to be much augmented ; and though he approved of this measure so far as it went , yet he thought that the addition of 36,000 men was much too small . It was not enough to have a force large enough to meet the enemy at the onset . We ought to have a reserve in case we lost one or two battles . He was surprized that so little stress had been laid upon the training of the population of the country ; as the population of our enemy was military , it was necessary that ours should be military also . The actual enforcement of some measure for training the people , would have the effect of bringing many recruits into the line . This had happened in the case of the Army of Reserve act , for at that time many had entered that service from the idea that the 982 Defence act was about to be enforced ; for they reasoned in this way , that if they must serve , it was as well to do it in one way as in another . He concluded by declaring his assent to the measure . thought the unequal operation of the ballot the most serious objection to the plan of the noble lord . At the same time , he entirely approved of permitting the militia to volunteer into the line : the present emergency called for a large disposable force , and he thought the best way of getting that force was the one proposed . did not think the numerical force of the line would be so much increased as seemed to be anticipated . not for the purpose of going at length into the consideration of the bill , but because some very important points relating to this subject had been mistated . The gentlemen on the other side seemed to confine their attention to one or two points only , of the measures which he had brought forward ; but there were others , such as the Training act , which they had abstained from speaking of altogether . If the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) only found fault with some particular points of his bill , he would allow that , like all other bills of a general nature , it was capable of improvement , but he would not allow that there was more to be corrected or supplied than in other bills of this nature . He was ready to join the noble lord , or any other gentleman , in correcting whatever part of his bill might require correction . When he had brought forward the Training act , it was his opinion that it would constitute a great reservoir to feed and supply the regular army . He could not conceive what title the plan of the noble lord had to be called a grand measure , even to meet an emergency . What was it more than the difference between 36,000 men raised for the militia , and the number which the former plan would have raised ? He thought that it had very little claim indeed to the character of a grand