better consult the feelings of the public by agreeing to the original motion . He hoped at least the right hon . gent . would allow his motion to be so altered , as that the committee should be instructed to proceed forthwith , and that they should also in their report distinguish those sinecures , & c. which were held by members of that house , so that the noble lord 's motion might not be entirely evaded . The noble lord unquestionably meant that there should be exhibited during the present session of parliament a list of all the members of that house holding sinecure offices , places , & c. under government , and in that way liable to have their conduct influenced . If such a return was not made the house would disgrace itself . Those who respected the house at present would suspect that all was not right , and those who already suspected them would have their suspicions confirmed . wished that the accounts might be ordered to be laid before the house , that the committee might not fall into disgrace . It was impossible they could report this session , and it was equally impossible to say how early they might be able to do so in the next . If the returns were to be made to the house , no time would be lost in completing them , and then if it was thought the committee could be of service , it would be time enough to refer the papers to them . It would be but doing them slender justice , to allow the delay which might take place in making the returns to seem to attach to the committee . thought it impossible , after what had fallen front the chairman of the committee of finance ( Mr. Bankes ) , that the chancellor of the exchequer could persevere in his motion , or if he did so , that the house would support him in it . It was nothing but an evasion of the noble lord 's motion . Its object was to see how many members of 742 * this house were possessed of sinecure places , pensions , & c. and of course might be supposed to be under the influence of the crown . The motion of the chancellor of the exchequer , however , went to exhibit a list of all persons whatever having any place , pension , & c. This was to overwhelm the inquiry , and to strangle and suffocate the object which the noble lord had in view . was surprised at the great change Which had so lately taken place in the language of gentlemen on the other side . Lately they confessed that there was little or no difference in the object which seemed to be in view by all parties , and that the form was the only obstruction to unanimity . Now they had all at once discovered , that the motion of his right hon . friend the chancellor of the exchequer , was calculated only to evade and defeat the object which the noble lord had in view . He contended that the motion of the chancellor of the exchequer was completely adapted not only to the object sought to be gained , but that the evidence to be obtained by it might also be of importance in other respects . lamented to see gentlemen who talked so much of their independence , and prided themselves on that circumstance , so entirely forget in what it consisted as to lend their countenance to a deception on the public . supported the motion , maintaining that all the places , pensions , & c. were already well known , and that sinecures were not now so numerous as they had been . observed , that such a list as that now spoken of , might , if any person Were to give himself the trouble to do so , be collected from papers that were already on the table of that house . The object of the motion he conceived to be