they could bring their labours to a close in that time , but at the desire of the commissioners , who wished that parliament should have the power of considering then , how far it might be expedient to continue the commission after that period . —Mr . Cochrane Johnstone moved , that there be laid before the house , an account of all balances to the latest period , for or against the army agents , as far as the same could be ascertained . Also , a statement of the fund for granting pensions to the Widows of Officers , the names of the persons upon the list ; the amount of the pension to each , and the time when they were placed in the list . Also , an account of the application of all sums that had been 845 granted by parliament to the compassionate list , the names of the persons on the list , the amount of allowance to each , and the times when they were respectively placed on the list . Ordered.— The East-India Bond 's bill went through a committee . After some enquiries from lord A. Hamilton , as to the grounds and objects of the measure , which were replied to by Mr. Grant , in a short statement , the same in substance with what he had said in the prior stages of the business , the report was ordered to be received on Thursday . stated , that he held in his hand a petition from Mr. Jonathan Brundrett , now a prisoner in Newgate , offering to answer the questions which the house might put to him , and expressing sorrow for having incurred the displeasure of the house . It happened , unfortunately , that , upon the motion of an hon . gent . ( Mr. Jeffery ) , the further consideration of the business was postponed till Thursday . As to the case of Mr. Brundrett , he trusted that it would meet the general feeling of the house to bring him up to-morrow , in order that he might be examined , and then discharged , as his present confinement was very injurious to him in his professional avocations . The petition was then read . It stated , that the petitioner was sensible that he had justly incurred the displeasure of that house . He declared that , in refusing to answer questions put to him by the house , his motive was not from any disrespect of the house , or disregard for its authority , but that he had acted merely from a general sense of his professional fidelity . He also declared that he was by no means instrumental in delaying the writ , as he delivered it to the person who employed him , within a very few hours after he had himself received it . He was himself entirely unacquainted with any of the candidates for the borough of Poole . He no longer persevered in refusing to disclose the persons who employed him , and was ready and willing to answer whatever questions the house should think proper to put to him , and hoped the house would permit him to be examined at their bar.— The petition was ordered to lie on the table . Mr. Barham then moved that the petitioner should be brought up to-morrow to be examined . conceived that it would be contrary to the established rules of the house , that a business , which was fixed for 846 Thursday , should be taken up sooner than the day appointed . He did not recollect a single instance of such a thing having been done . conceived that the house could not , in this instance , depart from its accustomed rules , but he had no objection to Mr. Brundrett 's being called up to-morrow , for the purpose of being discharged . He thought that Mr. Brundrett had by his petition , and declaring himself ready to answer , set himself right with the house , and he did not think that it could be their