been appointed with ability and credit , but he mentioned the circumstance only to shew , that that appointment was not strictly conformable to the practice of the service . He hoped the noble lord would feel , that it was not justifiable by such charges as he had made , in the absence of the individual against whom they were directed , to endeavour to whisper away the character of any officer . said , that any thing which occurred in that house could not be characterized as whispering upon the subject to which it applied . His noble friend had adverted to a transaction that had already appeared in all the newspapers , the agreement entered into between sir H. Popham and sir D. Baird , respecting the division of the prize money , before a single man had been embarked on the expedition against Buenos Ayres , which , he said , was a fit subject to be enquired into in that house . In fact , the matter was at present the subject of a suit in one of the courts of law . As to the appointment of sir H. Popham to the post he filled , he must say , that it had given general dissatisfaction in the 1046 navy . As to the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Canning ) , he had placed himself in an awkward situation , by the statement . which he had that night made . If he , or his friends , thought that the late ministers had not done their duty , they should bring a charge against them ; and he would pledge himself , if they should make out a case , to support them . But he was relieved from that duty , by the mis-statements of the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) and the right hon . gent . That noble lord had , in utter contempt of all historical fact , and in perversion of all circumstances and dates , imputed to the late administration of 14 months , all the evils of the preceding 14 years administration . The house , to judge of this , should recollect how the contest had begun . It would appear from the dispatches of lord G. L. Gower in 1805 , that Austria had been dragged into the war , when she declared herself that she was not prepared for it . After having brought Austria to her ruin , and subsidized disinterested Russia , the right hon . gentleman now charged all the evils that resulted from such measures upon his hon . friends , who had succeeded to the end of that contest . Now , it was charged upon the late administration , that they had ruined the continent . He denied the fact ; it was Mr. Pitt , and the measures pursued under his administration , that had ruined the continent ; and highly as he respected the character of lord Grenville , of whom he had not the honour of much personal knowledge , he had not discovered any ground for altering the opinion he formerly entertained upon that subject . It was unnecessary to recur to the rapid events that had occurred from the battle of Auerstadt to the battle of Friedland , events which no force that could be sent from this country could have averted for a single day , or a single hour . As to the offers of peace to Prussia , from the moment of the flight of the king from Jena , she was as incapable of making peace without the consent of Russia , as of carrying on the war after the armistice of Tilsit . The noble lord had observed of him , that he shewed his independence by animadverting upon his friends , as well as his adversaries . For his part , he was as much attached to party as any man could be ; but on such public questions he should never suffer any consideration to influence his unbiassed judgment ; and in the part he took upon such occasions , he