no less importance , though not so obvious , that it prevents the intermixture of a considerable part of the population of the two countries ; a measure which would go further in seven years to render the union not merely nominal , but real , than the present mode of proceeding will do in fifty . Sir , I know too well the zeal with which the gentlemen of the militia have acted , the privations to which they have so long submitted , not to be persuaded that they on that occasion also acted according to their views of the best interest of their country , and that , had they thought the exigency required it , they would readily have gone there . At the same time that I think so highly of their patriotism , I am not less persuaded that from their good sense they would rather meet the enemy in Munster or Connaught , than in Yorkshire or Kent . As these latter considerations do not immediately 1055 belong to the question before us , I shall say no more on them at present ; if it was permitted for so insignificant an individual as I am , to mention himself , I would say , that having had the honour to serve several campaigns in different parts of Europe , having , had the honour to serve 39 years in this house , and having attended all the discussions on these important subjects , I presume to think myself not totally incompetent on them ; and concurring , as I do , in the soundness of these Suggestions , and persuaded that great national advantage may be derived from them , I will take the liberty to lay them before the house , They are as follow : —1 . `` To enable Volunteers to propose to his majesty 's lieutenants of counties , to form themselves into local militia , to be regularly trained for 28 days , with the same establishment , in the same manner , and under the same regulations as the old militia used to be in time of peace . To leave their counties only in case of invasion or imminent danger thereof . '' The object of this clause is to establish , at little expence , under command and under officers of some experience , a large body of men , which may be speedily applied to the public service in case of emergency . I would wish this source of supply to be extended to the number of 160,000 . It may also , if it shall be consonant with the wisdom of parliament , to adopt the next proposition , be made a source whence may be drawn a supply of men to keep the embodied militia constantly full.—2 . `` To enable his majesty to accept the voluntary services of one fourth part of the embodied militia annually , to serve in the regular army . And if the men so volunteering , were put invariably into the regiments that are reputed to belong to the counties from whence the men come , whenever those regiments shall want recruits or be augmented ; if ensigncies were sometimes given on the recommendation of the lords lieutenants , to young men of those counties ; these two measures could not fail of adding much to the facility of keeping our regular force complete ; but as those two last arrangements are within the power of the commander-in-chief , that illustrious personage will certainly adopt whatever on consideration shall appear calculated for such important purposes . '' The object of this clause is to give ( as is obvious ) a regular supply of efficient men to the regular army . I would wish this 1056 force , the embodied militia , to be carried to the extent of 80,000 for Great Britain , giving annually a recruit of 20,000 men to the army , and establishing a force commensurate ( as I apprehend ) for the ordinary purposes of the kingdom ; thereby leaving the whole , or the greatest part of the regular