to adopt some modification of tithes in Ireland , as the best possible way of restoring the people of that country to content . defended the way in which the grant had been introduced , and asked , why that mode had not been altered by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) , since it had been condemned by his colleague the chancellor of the exchequer for England ? He was glad he had the authority of the member for Dublin college bearing him out in the assertion made by him in that 825 house , in the former parliament , and which the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Perceval ) did not then seem inclined to credit . There were three reasons for encouraging the education of the Roman Catholics in Ireland : One , that great lucrative objects were withheld from the Roman Catholics , which were the greatest incentives in the education of the Protestant . Another was , that the Roman Catholics were the poorest order , and therefore had a claim on the government to promote their education , because they were notable to support their own pastors . And a third was , that Oxford and Cambridge which were open to the Protestants , were shut against the Roman Catholics ; besides , Irish viceroys , in the plenitude of their bounty , took good care to carry over to that country a generous supply of clergy , who were soon provided for on the Irish establishment . in answer to what had fallen from an hon . member ( Mr. Dillon ) , assured that hon . gent . that the attention of government should be early and anxiously directed to the abuse complained of , with respect to the want of glebe houses , and sinecure livings . He did think with that hon . gent . that it was extremely hard , that any man should pass away an indolent life upon an opulent living , while a poor curate was discharging the duties of that office for the year round , upon a pittance scarcely sufficient to maintain him . He had before failed in two or three instances , in carrying through that house a measure for the regulation of rectories and cures ; he however now gave notice that it was the intention of his majesty 's present government to submit to the consideration of the house , a measure for reducing the opulent livings , and out of their abundance making an allowance for the poorer curates . It ought to have been done before ; he wished that the late government had paid more attention to the church in Ireland . did not mean to protract the debate , nor should he now have risen to offer any thing by way of argument on a subject that had been so ably argued on both sides of the house , had it not been that he could not sit still after the imputation thrown upon the late government by the right hon . gent . He challenged the right hon . gent . to state an instance in which the late government had neglected the church in that country . He desired the right hon . gent . to ask the primate of 826 that country , what he thought of the duke of Bedford 's administration as to that head ? He desired the right hon . gent . to look into the secretary of state 's office for the home department , and there he would see the documents that would prove how far the late ministers were guilty of negligence , with respect to Ireland ; but such a charge carried with it all that boldness of assertion for which that right hon . gent . was so characteristic . The noble lord then adverted to the conduct of another right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) in coming before the house so totally unprepared , without having made the previous enquiries when he was in Ireland , and which he might have made as