case to shew , that any considerable addition was necessary to the disposeable force . It appeared to him extraordinary that with the views entertained by the hon . gentlemen opposite , and considering the charges made by them against their predecessors , for not having sent expeditions to the continent , they had not made this proposition to parliament upon their first coming into office . If the measure had been brought forward last session , and he had had the honour of a seat in that house , he might have supported it ; but he could not give his consent to it on the present occasion , when the country had only to look for a defensive force . As to the transfer proposed from the militia to the regiments of the line , he felt considerable difficulties upon that subject , because the measures necessary to replace the men so transferred would interfere with the regular recruiting . The militia was certainly a favourite service , because it was limited both as to time and place , and was attended with a provision for the wives and families of the persons who engaged in it . There could be no doubt therefore that men would be more readily had for that service than for the line , a circumstance that would materially interfere with the ordinary recruiting . The system that had beer adopted last year , he contended , had proves eminently successful . The right hon . gent . who had brought forward that system , had uniformly stated that the benefits to be expected from it would be progressive , and the event justified his statement . The effect produced by it in the northern counties was very great , and by the papers upon the table , it appeared that by this system the number of men raised in the year 1807 , was greater by 700 , than the number raised in the corresponding period of last year under 874 the last system . If the remaining months of the year should be equally productive , of which he had no doubt , the whole number raised under the new system , in the year 1807 , would be 22,000 . The noble lord had said , that it was not his intention to alter any part of that system by his measure , but whilst the ballot would be going on , it would be almost impossible to obtain a man for the regular army . He was sure the house would be disposed to make every sacrifice that the occasion might require , but the country had a right to consider , whether it could look with confidence to the efficacy of the sacrifices it was called on to make , and to expect that its resources should be properly applied . And if they looked to the manner in which the present ministers came into office , the country would have no reason to be satisfied on this head . He felt that the measure proposed , would not add to the military force of the country , but transfer a portion of one branch of it to another ; and , therefore , should not think that he was discharging his duty , if he did not oppose it in every stage . The noble lord had said , that the king had at present the power , without resorting to parliament , of calling out the supplemental militia to the number of 24,000 . Of this he doubted , because there were some of the supplemental militia at present in the service ; and if the power existed at all , he could not think it would extend to a greater number , than the difference between the number of those of the supplemental militia now serving , and the whole amount of that militia . There might be different opinions respecting the propriety of calling out the supplemental militia , but of this he was certain , that the measure of the noble lord would do away the benefit derived from the regular recruiting .