indulged , at least only to a very limited extent , it could not be supposed that the danger of invasion had not increased . With these difficulties to encounter , ministers felt it their duty to propose to parliament an augmentation of the military force of the country . It was evident that a sufficient augmentation could not be obtained by ordinary recruiting , as that did little more than repair the annual waste of men ; neither could it be obtained by any additional stimulus given by the new plan , as it appeared from the statement of the number of recruits obtained , that that number had rather diminished than increased , whilst the desertions , which it was confidently expected would be decreased , had on the contrary increased . No one , indeed , who supported that plan , had considered it as capable of producing a large increase of men immediately ; but as calculated gradually to improve the army . That it was necessary to increase the regular force of the country there could be no doubt , as that must prove the substratum of the general force of the country . The militia and the volunteers were capable of rendering services to the country of great importance ; and he thought the latter force had been most unwisely decried , as if it were said , that because such a force was not good for every thing , that , therefore , it was good for nothing . They on the contrary , 1108 were highly important parts of our force . It was , however , of the greatest importance to keep up and to increase the efficiency of our regular disposable force , and the most effectual mode of increasing that force was conceived by ministers to be the measure now proposed , by which 28,000 soldiers , already trained and disciplined , would be obtained by the regular army , and by which 56 second battalions , now very deficient in numbers , would be rendered efficient . He conceived this plan to be preferable to an army of reserve , in raising which a considerable period must elapse before the men could be at all fit for service . Besides , the unwise measure of remitting the fines incurred under a recent act for raising men , tended to destroy the effect of measures of this nature by discouraging activity . The noble lord then went over the different provisions of the bill , and contended in favour of the clause for allowing the men the option of enlisting for a limited or an unlimited period , that it would be highly impolitic that the terms of service of 28,000 men should all expire together ; he , besides , was of opinion that the only fair principle upon which service for a limited period ought to be supported was , the giving the men an option of a similar nature . The noble lord alluded to the measures of ministers respecting the volunteers , and contended that inspecting officers were absolutely requisite to take care that the corps were maintained in a proper state of discipline , and to communicate with government upon the subject . The allowances had been also restored , the withholding of which , according to the plan of the late ministers , must have tended to the destruction of the volunteer force . He concluded by moving the second reading of the bill . said , that though he concurred in many of the sentiments expressed by the noble baron ( lord Hawkesbury ) who had just sat down , his mind had not been brought to the same conclusion , with respect to the measures of defence fit to be adopted at the present crisis ; and this difference arose , in a great degree , from the different view he had taken of the crisis itself . It was indeed evident , independently of the avowal of the noble baron , that notwithstanding the unfortunate and decisive circumstances which attended the opening of the campaign on the continent ( he