the same effect . candidly confessed , as he believed most members conversant with contested elections might do if they would , that he had himself made an arrangement to get out a writ early for the advantage of a friend of his ; but , upon application , he found that the opposite party had been still more active and successful . He hoped a general remedy would be provided by an obligation to issue the writ only to the returning officer . He deprecated the severe punishment of an individual case in the present general practice . He thought a committal ought now to take place ; but the , excuses that had been offered would be irresistible grounds of liberation as soon as a motion to that elect could be made . hoped this discussion would 842 lead to a general remedy of the evil complained of , and that not only a fair issue of writs would be the consequence , but also a fair and impartial intimation of intended dissolutions , instead of a partial communication to a favoured set after the departure of the post on a Saturday , allowing that set the advantage of a priority of two days on the canvass . said a few words in vindication of the messenger of the great seal , the officer concerned in issuing the writs . in explanation said , he did not mean to say any thing to the disadvantage of that officer ; but merely to state the impropriety of the general usage in these matters as it stood at present.—The question being put , it was ordered that Mr. Brundrett be committed to Newgate . then moved , that Mr. Lowten be called in , having first stated , that on hearing at the crown office , that the writ had been taken out by Mr. Lowten 's clerk , he bad gone to Mr. Lowten 's chambers , who refused to tell him to whom it had been sent , but said very rudely , that it had been delivered three hours before to a person in the city , who had sent it to Poole ; he would not tell to whom , but added , `` if it is any satisfaction to you to know , it is gone in opposition to you . '' was then called in , and in the course of a long examination , stated , that he neither directed Brundrett to take out the writ , nor knew who did . On being asked whether , having stated to Mr. Jeffery that the writ had been sent to Poole three hours before , he had himself sent , or was privy to its being sent , by any other person ? Mr. Lowten begged to know , what the hon . member meant by the word privy ? On being informed that it was meant to enquire whether he had any knowledge , direct , or indirect , he said he had not ; that he had merely ordered Brundrett to give it to the persons in the city who had employed him to take it out . He could not answer precisely what he had said to the hon . member ; he had , he believed , said , that the writ had been sent into the city three hours before . He had not said it had been sent to Poole , at least he knew nothing of the fact of is having been so sent . The hon . member was very pertinacious , and would not take the answer thus given him , but Mr. Lowten told him he would give no other . He did not say the writ was gone , in opposition to the hon . member , his connections , or his opponents . On this difference between the 843 statement of Mr. Jeffery and Mr. Lowten , as to what passed at this interview , some questions arose as to who were present . After some remonstrances on the part of Mr. Lowten , as to the impropriety of examining who was