opinions which had been offered in respect to the best mode of accomplishing the great purpose which was the object of the bill . Gentlemen on both sides agreed , that the present moment was one of considerable difficulty , and required , of course , more than ordinary exertion to meet the exigencies of the occasion ; they acknowledged that the energy and resources of the country , should be brought forth as speedily and effectually as possible . The only difference then was , as to the mode of accomplishing the great object . For his part , he was willing to confess , that he considered the militia force as of a most efficient description ; and while it approached the nearest to the regular army , was the most constitutional force we possessed . One great reason which made the transfer of the militia into the line desirable was , that whenever a peace should be concluded , the militia must be disbanded . He would ask gentlemen , whether , under the present circumstances of Europe , such a peace would reasonably be looked for , as would enable the country to dispense with such a large portion of its military establishment , as the militia constituted ? He thought the house must agree with him , that we could not spare such a number of men from our means of defence ; and it must be obvious to all , that there was no other way of obviating the difficulty , and preserving such a force to the country , than by permitting it in time of war to volunteer into the line . This was an effectual 965 remedy , and the deficiency thus occasioned in the militia would speedily be made good by the proposed ballot . The right hon . gent . then entered into a long detail , in order to shew the inefficiency of the military plan of the late ministers , and concluded by a strong recommendation of unanimity in opposing the common enemy . entered at large upon the comparative merits of the bill now before the house , the plan of the present ministers , of which this was a part ; and that military system which he had brought forward , and which parliament had adopted last year . The leading objection which he had to the present measure , and to the whole system of which it formed a part , was , that it was only of a temporary nature , and therefore inapplicable to the present condition of this country , which required a military system of a permanent nature . For want of attending to this distinction , we had fallen into many , and he was apprehensive we should fall into still more errors , and he feared some of them might prove fatal unless we adopted a permanent system : nothing else would serve us ; for the evil against which we were to provide was of a permanent nature . The militia officers had been made the mere vehicle for recruiting ; and now , when the very moment had arrived at which they expected to be called into actual service , in order to display that discipline and valour which they had been the means of fostering and exciting , their troops were to be taken from them and drafted into the regular army . Was not this more degrading to the militia than any thing which had been done to the volunteers , as alleged by the hon . gent . opposite ? The right hon . gent . defended at considerable length his own training act and recruiting system ; which he maintained , from the returns on the table , had answered every purpose , for which they were intended . If his system had been allowed to take its own course , we should have avoided the ruinous consequences to our militia now resorted to , of filling up the standing army front that source . He denied that the late administration had put an end to the Additional Force act ; the