he could not praise the respectability of the right hon . gent 's arguments.—The resolution was then put , and carried . On the question , that 15,000l . be granted for Inspecting Field-officers of Volunteers , contended , that even in the opinion of the volunteers themselves , these were useless . They might be inspected by the generals of the districts . This had been a project to answer election purposes . As it had done all the good it could do in that way , he thought the ministers might give up the matter , and save some expence to the public . wished to know if the inspection by generals of districts had been practised during the right hon . gent 's administration . The number of volunteers , he believed , was in many instances greater where there were no general officers . As to the idea of a job , he asserted that the inspecting field-officers had in general , or rather without an exception , been re-appointed , without regard to the degree of interest they might posses . It could , therefore , be of little consequence whether the re-appointment had taken place on the eve of an election or not . He contended that the Volunteer spirit had greatly subsided in many counties since that right hon . gent . had come into office . admitted that a relaxation to the volunteering spirit had taken place ; but maintained that it had manifested itself some considerable time previous to his coming into office . said , the volunteers in the district in which he had the honour to command , could never have reached the state of discipline to which they had arrived but for the exertions of the Inspecting Field-officers . If an invasion had taken place two years ago , they would have been able , from that district , in the course of two days , to have produced 30,000 men within ten miles of the metropolis . stated that before his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) came into office , the Volunteer force had decreased from 400.000 to 318,000 , and during his administration they had fallen off in a much less proportion , not having decreased above 20 or 25,000 men . He remembered that he himself as a volunteer , had been inspected by Major-generals and lieutenant-generals , and he did not see why that practice might not be continued . The gallant general ( Tarleton ) had now his head-quarters at Bath , and it was a great pity that the parliament did not sit there , as in such a case the gallant general could reconcile his senatorial duties with the duties of commanding officer of the district , and in such case he might again honour the volunteers so far as to review them . said a few words in explanation , and imputed to the hon . gent . great military ignorance . retorted the charge of a job , by alluding to th 300 surveyors of taxes , proposed to have been appointed by the late administration . deprecated the system of recrimination which had become so much the practice of members on both sides of the house . As to the subject immediately before the house , he felt himself necessitated to say , that the language held in that house by the right hon . gent . and the measures adopted by him , had such an effect on the volunteers in Ireland , as to make at least one half of those who had been most zealous in the service , turn their backs upon it . of Scotland spoke in praise of the Scotch volunteers , whom he also stated to have been very much discouraged by the language of Mr. Windham . Said , the arguments of the last hon . and learned gent . were merely 1050 to the old tune , `` No pay , no Swiss . '' This wonderful relaxation of the spirit of the Scotch volunteers , was to be attributed to some diminution of the former