any reasonable and impartial man to doubt with whom the cry had originated ; and he thought that their conduct in this respect deserved the reprobation of the , house and of the country . declared , that after the manner in which all arguments , and every attempt at argument , had been already answered ; after the luminous speech which their lordships had heard from his noble and learned friend ( lord Erskine ) , it Would be impossible for him to add any thing further upon the subject . The question which was then under their lordships ' consideration , however , was of such importance , that , in justice to himself he was compelled to declare his sentiments , and not suffer the question to pass with only a silent vote from him . A noble viscount ( lord Sidmouth ) for whom he entertained the highest respect , had observed , that if it was justifiable to dissolve one parliament at any period short of its 599 statutable duration , we might , by parity of reasoning , justify all dissolutions of parliament , whatever might be the extent of the parliament 's existence at the time when such an event took place , But he would ask that noble lord , and he would ask the house , if there was not , exclusive of the consideration of the length of time which the parliament had been then acting , and the length of time which it was entitled , by regular course of law , still to act ; he would ask if , exclusive of this consideration , there was not some difference to be discovered in the circumstances under which a parliament might be dissolved ? He would ask , what interruption the business of the public had met with during the existence of the late parliament ? And knowing , as he did , and as he was convinced many of their lordships must also have observed , that the public business would , on the one hand , have been materially forwarded , if parliament had been suffered to continue in the exercise of its functions , until , at least , the business of the session was at an end , he thought , as , in fact , he thought was just in all cases where a parliament was dissolved in the middle of a session , that it was the duty of ministers to adduce sufficient argument , in the peculiar circumstances of tile case , to justify themselves for having advised the adoption of such a precipitate step ; it was the act of his majesty 's government , and the onus lay entirely with his majesty 's servants . It had been said , however , in effect , by a noble lord opposite , that parliament was formerly dissolved upon nearly as bad ground as that upon which the dissolution of the late parliament took place . But he would ask any one of their lordships if it was a sufficient justification of their conduct for any one set of ministers to say to another : `` You formerly adopted such a measure which was bad , and therefore we are now entitled to take another step , which is somewhat worse ? '' Such an attempt at argument , he was confident , could have no weight in such an enlightened assembly as that which he was then addressing . And he must declare most unequivocally , that in his opinion no one fair ground of justification had yet been given to parliament or to the country for the extraordinary advice which his majesty 's present ministers had given to dissolve a parliament that was faithful to the country , loyal to the sovereign , and in the midst of transacting the most important business . But it might be said , that the church was in dan- 600 ger . That was a cry which had been raised too generally out of doors . He did not imagine that any noble lord would be bold enough to rise in his