as much sincerity and as laudable an intention as the person who asserted that a profusion of oranges were given to the fleet at Lisbon , in refutation of my statement that none are allowed to the hospitals at home.—I have remarked , sir , that I have not heard from any of those who have so zealously spoken on the other side a defence of the obnoxious order to keep all officers and men on board , altho ? I think it as tenable as the position that men are to be kept healthy by being kept continually at sea.— All these things may appear matters of indifference or of small moment to some who are here at their ease , but I view it in a different light , and if no one better qualified will represent a subject of great complaint , I shall do so , independent of every personal consideration.—In the course of the debate , it has been stated , that I asserted lime-juice to be a bad cure for the scurvy ; no , it is a cure , and almost a certain cure , but debilitating ; it destroys the disease , but ruins the constitution.—An hon . gent . ( Mr. Sheridan ) has said , all this should have been represented to the Admiralty ; that this house is an improper place for such discussions , and he has threatened to call for all letters from me to the board of Admiralty . To the first , I answer , that boards pay no attention to the representations of individuals whom they consider under their command and control ; next , that if the hon . gent . calls for my letters , he will find some that will not answer his purpose.—Sir , beside the public abuses , the oppression and scandalous persecution of 768 individuals , often upon anonymous and encouraged information , has been matter of great complaint . As a single proof of injustice , I have only to mention that one of the most flagrant of those personal injuries done by the Admiralty of which the hon . admiral ( Markham ) above me was a member , was lately on the simple merits of the case redressed by the noble bold below me ( lord Howick ) , Who sympathized and felt as he ought to feel for a gallant wounded and persecuted officer , ( lieutenant R. W. Parker ) .—Sir , the present admiralty , by en-creasing the time allowed for the refreshment of the crews , instead of corrupting their bodies and then drenching them with lime juice , will deserve the gratitude and thanks of all employed . In the navy , we have had to lament the system that makes the admiralty an appendage of the minister of the day , and just as the members of that board began to see and probably to plan the reform of abuses , they have been removed . I trust , sir , that I shall not be denied the papers , and that these motions will not like those on a former occasion be got rid of by a blind vote of thanks , or by any subterfuge of a previous question.—The motion was then put and negatived without a division . rose in pursuance of his notice . He observed , that as the session would not be long , it would be inconvenient to take into consideration such Election Petitions as were likely to occupy any considerable length of time . He had thought it his duty to inquire into this subject , and he found that there was not one petition , on which the house could rely in this respect . He proposed , therefore , to discharge all the orders , for the purpose of nominally appointing subsequent days , at such a distance of time , as should shew the parties that the house did not intend to take petitions into consideration during the present session . If the parties to any of the Irish petitions could agree on the subject , it might