in which they would say such an expedition would have been serviceable . The æra of the battle of Eylau had been generally spoken of ; but were the immediate events of that battle forgotten ? Here the noble lord entered into a comparative statement of the affairs of the continent , subsequently to the battles of Eylau and Ulm , and contended that for three months after the latter period , the British troops had not reached the continent : had , however , the warning voice of his right hon . friend , now no more , ( Mr. Fox , ) been then attended to , the prostration of Europe might have been prevented ; for what contributed more to the subjugation of the continent than the coalitions which were successively embarked in ? warmly reprobated the policy that had been laid down by the noble lord , and contended that either that noble lord had been directing his censures 1043 against the late premier ( lord Grenville ) , who was of old such an advocate for continental co-operation , or that that nobleman had lately become the convert of the economical late chancellor of the exchequer ; he ridiculed the application of the classical quotation with which the noble lord had favoured the house— '' et rebus vosmet servate secundis ; '' —for , if it meant any thing so applied , it was to be rendered thus— '' while victory is with you , we will be with you ; but the moment it leaves you , we shall leave you , and wait for better times . '' He said , that from his own official documents he had authority in stating that our allies upon the continent had the fullest expectations of assistance and co-operation on our parts ; and of all the difficulties he had to contend with since his coming into office , the most difficult was that of endeavouring to satisfy foreign ministers for the gross failure , on our part , in answering these expectations . That difficulty was now , however , in a great degree removed by what had fallen , in the course of the present debate , from the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) . And , as it was well known , that by some means or other what passed within that house went out to the public , to the country , and to the world ; he rejoiced that the country and others would thereby be put in possession of what fell from the right hon . gent. , when he admitted with that candour , of which certainly he could not divest himself if he would , that the late government had not in view any expedition to the continent . And why , he asked , had they not ? Would they deny opportunity the most favourable ? Here the right hon . secretary went into a detail of the history of the late campaign , as affecting Prussia , and contended , that never was there an occasion in which assistance on the part of Great Britain would have been in ore opportune or more effective ; and as to the sincerity of Prussia , there could not exist a doubt from the very nature of the contest ; besides that Prussia had , since her rupture with France , refused peace with that power , unless concluded in concert with Russia . In 1795 , it was thought wise to subsidize Prussia and co-operate with her in order to induce her to go beyond her frontiers ; but in the late campaign , when she was so deeply interested and had so deeply ventured , it was thought hazardous , unwise and impolitic to join with her in the common cause . But the right hon . gent . had 1044 joked upon the uselessness of `` making a show , '' that is , of making every necessary preparation for immediate embarkation ; he could only say , that he knew too well how to prize that right hon . gent 's