nation , to see that at all events our means of defence should be amply sufficient . Were the chance of successful invasion but as one to a hundred , it ought not to be neglected . Where we risk every thing , we should guard against the possibility of defeat , with as much solicitude as , in cases of ordinary concern , against the strongest probability . The noble secretary of state seems to entertain doubts as to the probability of an invasion being attempted : even if these doubts were well founded , to act upon any such presumption would be an unpardonable breach of duty . Though it were ever so improbable , yet if there is the slightest possibility , that by any concurrence of chances the enemy can make good their landing , we ought to be ready to meet them . To act otherwise would be to trust our existence to chance , and to throw away the security that is in our power.—But , my lords , is the chance of invasion a mere possibility ? —When we look at the vast extension of the resources of France , at the means of , recruiting her navy , which she has acquired by her continental conquests , it would be blindness not to perceive , that her naval power must soon become far more formidable than it has ever yet been . France is now in possession of the finest forests it Europe , and of countries capable of affording ample supplies of every naval store : she may command the services of all the seamen which the continent can afford , from Memel to Cadiz , and from Cadiz to Constantinople . We may look too to the certain prospect , that the whole energy of the French government will now be directed to this object : we know in fact that during all the pressure of their continental wars , the most active exertions in ship-building have never been discontinued in their naval arsenals : they have now no other object to divide their at- 1124 tention ; and we may be well assured that all the ability of the ruler of France will now be turned to naval affairs . The same genius , which has created such an astonishing change in the discipline and tactics of the French army , will now be unremittingly employed in the improvement of their navy ; and if we recollect that the disorganized bands , which a few years ago were flying before Suwarrow out of Italy , are now the victorious legions of Austerlitz , of Jena , and of Friedland , we shall not be disposed to underrate the change , which the same genius may effect in the navy of France.—We have therefore every reason to believe , that the naval superiority of England must ere long be exposed to a more severe contest , than any which it has recently had to maintain . Whatever confidence we may entertain in the valour and skill of our seamen , it is not the part of a prudent politician , under such circumstances , to overlook the possibility of our navy being worsted . This , my lords , is an event for which we ought to be prepared ; and fortunately there is room to hope that we shall have sufficient time to prepare against it . But any one who considers well what the state of this country would be , if the French had obtained a superiority at sea , will certainly not be disposed to think , that we can begin too soon to provide against such an emergency.—But , my lords , this is not all—we have dangers more closely pressing upon us , dangers which if we are to meet , we have not a moment to lose.—An invasion is certainly no impracticable undertaking for the French , even at this moment , notwithstanding all our actual superiority at sea . The ablest and most experienced naval officers have given their opinion of the practicability of the enemy landing in force on our shores