, and in the mean while the objections to it were such that all the world was crying out for its repeal . This was the state of things in which the late ministry came into office . The same difficulty remained that had subsisted all along , the difficulty namely of providing a fund from which the army might be regularly supplied ; and for this the measures 892 adopted had not only furnished no remedy , but , for the most part , had not even attempted one . After every new turn , though a considerable addition might in the mean time have been made to the numbers of the army , the country was equally to seek for the means by which those numbers were to be maintained . The difficulty was in fact continually increasing : every new attempt in the course hitherto pursued having tended to throw new obstructions in the way of those that succeeded it . Ballot created the necessity of bounty . Bounty , rising to excess , and losing as much by desertion as it gained by recruits , created . in return the necessity of new ballot : then bounties shot up to a height , which not only stopped all ordinary recruiting , but created a burthen which it was impossible the country should long endure . Forty , 50 , 60 guineas became the price of a recruit . Ballot and bounty were indeed the only resources that seemed ever to have been thought of . The whole compass of our invention , the whole scale of our music , seemed to comprise only these two notes . It was the sort of poverty of conception , reproached by some foreigner to English cookery , that we had but one sauce , and that that sauce was melted butter . The ministry which then came in , ventured an opinion , that possibly more men might be found to enter the service , if the service was made more eligible , by holding out more advantages or fewer objections . It seemed to them , that the hope of inducing men by bounties to enter into an engagement , which was to last for life , was little less than an absurdity , if it was not something worse . If the engagement was not in itself desireable , could it be hoped , or was it ( he would add ) to be wished , that many should be found so rash and foolish , as to be determined in their choice by the attraction of a few guineas paid in the shape of bounty ? If such a resource could even be relied on , it might well be doubted , whether a government ought inconscience to have recourse to it , and so to place itself with respect to its subjects , as to be trading for ever with the ignorant and thoughtless for the purpose of inveigling them into engagements , which it was confessed , by the very form of the transaction , they were likely afterwards to repent of ; this repentance moreover being of a nature to last for life . It was not a question however of duty or propriety . It was found by experience , that the military service had by degrees , and in consequence of 893 the change of times , fallen into a state in which it could no longer attract men in sufficient numbers ; and that any attempt to supply by bounties what was wanting in the service itself was , as might be supposed , a vain attempt which could go but a little way towards remedying the evil . They took , therefore , the only means which , according to their ideas , could hold out a hope of success , the only means in fact which were left them , that of a general improvement of the conditions of the service in such a way as should not be attended with too great an expence , nor be inconsistent with the discipline and well-being of the army .