ground by very rapid strides through the country , perhaps indeed too rapidly . Was the day labourer , he would ask , happier , for being instructed in reading and writing ? Did the house not recollect the mutiny at the Nore ? He might venture to state , from the information of an hon . admiral , that upon that occasion the mutineers had daily and nightly meetings on board of the ships ; at which meetings they employed themselves in reading the newspapers and other publications ; and that this tended much to the consequences which ensued . We are not , said sir Thomas , adverse to instructing the people , but there is a mode , and also an extent , to which their education ought to be carried . My humble opinion is , that this bill will lie as a dead letter upon the statute book , and not one parish out of fifty will ever act upon it . Certainly Scotland does form an exception , with respect to a system of education , but it can bear no analogy to the education of the people of England . The Scotch are a people that do not appear to be educates for remaining at home , they being in general inclined to move beyond their country . Then education would render them totally discontented , if they did not travel into other countries . If they re 1054 * mained in their own country , they would become extremely dissatisfied with their situation . observed , that while he had heard one right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) stating that he thought the good conduct of the people of Scotland proceeded entirely from their general character , and another hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) arguing that it originated from their general good education , he was of opinion , that both of them might be said to be right . The schools in Scotland were like other schools , except that the masters had a salary fixed by the legislature . They had a maximum and a minimum of stipend , which was paid them by the farmers and the heritors . There were no parish rates in Scotland ; but religion , he might venture to say , was the very foundation of the Scotch instruction . Before they were taught to write , they were completely taught to read their Bible . It was not , however , every person who was educated , that succeeded in life ; but he never could conceive , after they were so grounded in religious ideas , as even to be able to repeat their bibles , that their reading and writing could be prejudicial to them . The schools were , in general , examined every year by the ministers of the church , or by the heritors . He thought that in England the bishop of the diocese should appoint a certain number of clergymen to examine the schools , and to watch that religion be the first and the last thing that is taught there . opposed , the arguments of the hon . baronet , and was sure , that when he examined his premises more accurately , he would find that they led to conclusions , to which he would by no means be willing to assent . What ! was it to be an argument against the cultivation of our faculties , that those faculties might be abused ? He contended strongly , against leaving out either the former or the latter part of the preamble , particularly the former , which contained a proposition , namely , `` that the instruction of youth tended to morality and virtue , '' the omission of which , in his opinion , would be disgraceful , as after such repeated discussions it would appear , as if the house of commons had discovered its fallacy . Nor would he be willing to give up the latter part of the preamble , which referred to a country ( Scotland ) in which the multiplied