custody of the serjeant at arms ; and if this house has forborne , upon this occasion , to press upon you with any greater severity , it has not been because it deemed your offence to be light or venial ; but because , having in its contemplation to prevent the like offence in future by other measures , it has thought that any further severity of punishment in your instance , for the purpose of example , was become unnecessary . And now , your petition having shewn that you entertain a proper sense of your own misconduct , this house has , in compliance with its prayer , directed that you be discharged ; and you are discharged accordingly . `` —The above reprimand was ordered , nem . con. , to be entered in the journals . On the motion for the third reading of this bill , said , when he formerly expressed a wish that the further progress in this bill should be postponed , he did so because the necessary accounts were not then all on the table . They had since been produced , and they were by no means calculated to satisfy him , that the company had any prospect of being able to produce a revenue which should at any time greatly exceed their expenditure , or such as would enable them to provide for the payment of these Bonds . It appeared to him , that there was even on the accounts 1805–6 , a deficiency of 2,000,000l . He had heard an hon . member , a director of the company , ( Mr. Grant ) talk of a residue of nearly 1,000,000l . He saw , indeed , on looking into the accounts , a balance in one place of 600,000l . but in this view of the case , the interest of the debts due by the company were not provided for . Calculating on this and the other expences , there was a deficiency for the year 1805–6 of nearly two millions , and for the preceding year of 1,600,000l . He was therefore more than ever confirmed in the opinion , that there was an impossibility in supposing that the company could ever have a net surplus revenue , or should ever be able to provide for their debts abroad and at home . As , however , it was admitted by the hon . director and by the chancellor of the exchequer , that no claim could lie against the 1018 public on account of the bonds now to be issued , or any other debts of the company ; and as it was understood that an enquiry into the state of the company 's affairs was to take place early in the next session , if the East-India company could borrow money in the way proposed , he should not object to it . contended , that by properly analysing the accounts on the table , the hon . member would have found that the accounts for 1805–6 , instead of a deficiency , produced a surplus of 800,000l . ; and by a necessary attention to the expenditure , he had no doubt it would produce such a surplus as would be sufficient for a speedy liquidation of their debts . declared , from all the attention he had been able to pay to the subject , that the deduction drawn by his hon . friend ( Mr. Creevey ) , not that of the right hon . gent . opposite , was correct . said , he had it in charge from his constituents to oppose the bill ; and particularly to oppose the renewal of the company 's exclusive 'charter ; which , when it came before the house , he should feel it his duty to do . thought that the weight of testimony was at present against the company . If , however , an hon . member of the board of controul ( Mr. Johnstone ) , whom he now saw in his place , would join his testimony to that of the gentleman at the