state of Ireland , and quoted Dr. M'Nevin 's opinion before the Secret Committee , to shew that the denial or delay of Catholic Emancipation was not the real cause of the disturbances of that country . He recommended to the gentry of that part of the empire , an indulgent and conciliating conduct with regard to the people ; and above all , he recommended to the consideration of the well-wishers of Ireland , the introduction of some general system of education and morality , which , he ventured to assert , would do more towards composing that country , than any political measures that could be devised . went over , at considerable length , the arguments already urged in favour of the original motion , and followed sir A. Pigott and Mr. Adam in the line of their arguments on the legal points which had incidentally arisen . would opposes the motion as unnecessary , and in some degree impossible to be carried into effect . If inquiry was necessary , why not institute it on specific grounds ? would it not tend to a more clear and satisfactory exposition , to consider each article that called for consideration , on its own single merits , than in the general and sweeping stile proposed by this motion . The right hon . member adverted to the opinion pronounced by him on a former occasion , viz . that there are particular conjunctures in which the king must act for himself : he had reconsidered , he said , this opinion , and he found himself strengthened in it by that reconsideration . made some observations on Mr. Wilberforce 's speech , in which he attempted to correct some errors and mistatements of the hon . gent . He then proceeded to say a few words on the original 739 question , and finally expressed his resolution to support the motion . rose to defend the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wilberforce ) from the erroneous and uncandid reply of the right hon . baronet . He contended that Mr. Wilberforce 's quotation of doctor M'Nevin was correct , and whatever might be his own opinion on the great question , he must say that the hon . member 's statements were fully warranted and supported by the passages referred to . Mr. Croker replied to the several articles of Mr Whitbread 's speech , and said that his surprise at this vague motion was the greater , from his knowing that there stood in the order-book of that house , notices for specific inquiry into almost every one of the topics which the hon . gentleman proposed to treat of in the indefinite and desultory stile inseparable from a committee on the state of the nation . He proceeded to refute the assertions and arguments of the hon mover , which , whatever he thought of them , had so pleased the gentlemen on the opposite side , that they had used no other , but had contented themselves with repeating the speech of the hon . mover . One learned doctor ( Laurence ) in particular , fearing , he supposed , that its strong sense and reasoning were too hot , pungent , and essential for common palates , had kindly diluted the hon . gentleman 's arguments in a quantity of his own cool weak , and innoxions eloquence.—The hon . member , after observing in a strain of irony on the merits of the last administration , concluded by referring to Mr. Wilberforce 's awful description of our political situation , by expressing a wish that we should excite no divisions at home to encourage enemies abroad , and that , while the farmer , the artizan , and the tradesman cheerfully contribute their little profits and comforts to the exigencies of the state , those whose superior fortunes rendered the payment of taxes no sacrifice to them , should contribute what their country did claim from their patriotism—the sacrifice of their passions , their prejudices and their parties , to the common interests of England and of Europe . blamed the