robbing to the same amount the militia . Such a measure had in fact , many temptations to them which 899 it had not even to the noble lord ; and might have been adopted also , in the then state of the country , upon infinitely better grounds , and with far less risk and inconvenience than it was by the noble lord at that moment . A measure of that sort would have given a great , real and a still greater apparent activity to the new regulations for the improvement of recruiting . It could not be that the ministers of the day were incapable of imagining such an expedient , or that all the inventive talents of the noble lord were necessary to repeat a measure which had been already tried , ever and over , and which , to say the truth , never required originally any greater force of mind or thought than that which consists in wishing for what you want , and taking it when you have the power . The house would hardly fail to remark the whimsical circumstance , that those who doubted of the original expediency of a militia force , were the persons to preserve it when established , and that the noble lord , and others its friends and champions , were those who began the work of its demolition . With these changes in the thing itself , and these proofs of the disposition of those to whom its fate was committed , he had only to entreat of the hon . gentlemen that they would put an end to the measure altogether , and would not keep it in a state in which it was nominally to subsist , while all its real virtue and efficacy was withdrawn . When the noble lord was dealing out his opinions about the practicability or impracticability of the Training act , the house would recollect , that he ( the noble lord ) was in the situation of the man , who wished the oracle to declare whether the sparrow was alive or dead , which he held in his hand . The noble lord had nothing to do but to give a squeeze , to verify at any time his own predictions . Nothing as yet had caused any difficulty in the execution in the Training act , but the unfortunate substitution of the militia lists in the room of those originally intended , and which certainly , as it now appears , would have been far more correct as they were likely to be more suitable to the ends proposed . It was a point on which he had yielded to the judgement of person more conversant with such matters that himself , but whose judgement had certainly proved erroneous in that instance . The pleasantry of the noble lord on that provision of the bill which required the attendance of the constable , was both un- 900 lucky in itself , and still less fortunate in its application . If it could have wounded any body , it must have been a gentleman to whom the noble lord was disposed to pay compliments , the right hon . gent . opposite , ( Mr. Yorke ) by whom the clause was first introduced , and from whom Mr. W. had only the merit of borrowing it . But in truth the joke was perfectly harmless . It was a very good one when the noble lord first heard it , ( for it was not new , ) but somehow or other it missed fire in his hands . In truth , what more proper person could be found than the constable to keep order among men , all of them of his own parish or district , who , not being yet soldiers , would , if not placed under the controul of some civil officer , be under no controul at all ? A much severer blow than all the noble lord could inflict by his wit , or than had in fact been inflicted in any other way , was now levelled