in a great measure , unfitted me for the task I have now undertaken but no personal considerations shall prevent my doing that which I consider for the benefit of my country . I shall be as brief as possible , but as the nature of some of the papers for which I am about to move is unknown to many members of this house , it will be necessary that I should give some explanation.— The first motion is , `` That there be laid before this house , copies of all letters or representations made by the commanders of his majesty 's sloop Atalante , and schooner Felix , received by capt . Keats , commanding officer off Rochfort , respecting the state and condition of those vessels and 755 the sick therein . '' The object of this motion is to prove that vessels are kept at sea under the present system in an unfit and dangerous state , and that the lives of many officers and men are in constant peril.—Lieut . Cameron who commanded the Felix , and since lost in that vessel , was one of the best and ablest officers I ever knew—correct in all respects . He , sir , though just appointed to command the Felix , and anxious to distinguish himself , found it incumbent upon him to represent to the commanding officer the necessity of the Felix being sent into port for repair . I shall read part of two letters from the surgeon of the Felix to his private friend . One of them dated three months before they all perished , and previous to lieut . Cameron 's commanding that vessel . The other about eight days before that melancholy event.—Although , Mr. Speaker , these letters may not amount to legal proof , yet the official letters and other documents will . But , sir , it can not appear that this unfortunate officer could have any interest in mistating matters to a private acquaintance . On the 14th Nov. he says , `` our noble commander has been very active in his endeavours to get confirmed to this vessel , much more so than I should be—she sails worse and worse , and I think the chances are against us ever bringing her into an English port . '' In the other , dated 14th January , 1807 , the passage to which I refer is as follows : `` Our stock is all out , and we are praying for some God-sends . Clean linen are very scarce . Every endeavour has been put in force by Cameron and myself to get her in without success . He attacked the commodore with most miserable epistles of distress throughout , and I attacked him with a very formidable sick list ; but all , my friend , would not do . `` —I may be told , that there is a danger in agitating such subjects , but there can be none at any time in bringing to the knowledge of the legislature , for redress , that which is notorious to those who have a right to claim it . Though we shut our eyes , the mischief will not be averted ! Shall evils be suffered to continue , merely because timid people fear to acknowledge their existence ? No , sir ; let grievances be redressed in time , and complaints will cease.—I shall be very short as to the circumstances relating to the other vessel , the Atalante . When the Imperieuse , the ship I commanded , was about to leave the Rochfort station , I was ordered to provision the Atalante for six weeks , though she had been out 8 months and upwards , a time sufficient 756 to break the energy , to weary the spirit , and ruin the health of men employed in such a vessel . The Atalante came alongside , and the commander and several officers were on board necessarily to settle their accounts ; they then informed me of the bad condition of their sloop . They said she was wholly unfit