mere agent , the other a sort of principal in misconduct . This gentleman stated , that he paid 30 guineas for having the writ , and that his object was only to keep it in safe custody . It was impossible to credit this assertion . There had hardly ever been so bad a case as this before the house , upon a subject of this nature , although there was one about 40 years ago something like it . He Wished a stop to be put to such practices in future . He would not oppose any lenity which gentlemen wished to shew in this instance , but the case was really a serious one . admitted the offence of the petitioner to be serious , but he could not help wishing that the hon . gent who spoke last had expressed his disapprobation of it when the case of Mr. Brundrett was before the house , when nothing but lenity was talked of on that side of the house . He had no objection to a parliamentary enactment to prevent such practices in future , but he saw no particular reason for being rigorous in this case . said , he should certainly Feel himself disposed to inflict a more severe degree of punishment both on Brundrett and Spurrier , had he not been well assured that a bill was about to be brought into parliament , that would prevent such shameful and abusive practices . It should be enacted , that as soon as the clerk of the crown had made out the writs , they Should be immediately transmitted by post to the different sheriffs , under a certain penalty . thought the house justified in the lenity it shewed on the last occasion when the subject was discussed , nor had he any objection to the lenity now proposed . He wished the house to proceed to the immediate adoption of some measure to prevent this mischief in future . admitted the impropriety of the practice in which this petitioner was concerned ; but reminded the house that too many of its own members were intimately acquainted with , if not implicated in something of the same kind ; but he , wished the house to stand well with the 1007 public , which it would never do by wreaking its vengeance on an individual , for doing only that which was well known to attach to others , and had so long passed unnoticed . If the house wished to continue in possession of the public confidence , and without it the country could not be saved , it would not be rigorous upon an individual for that sort of conduct which although reprobated in the house , was too often practised out of it . If members wished to be strict in this business , let them begin with themselves . He made these general observations from his feelings , without reference to any individual : of Mr. Spurrier he knew nothing ; had never spoken to him , but he loved an impartial administration of justice . cautioned the house as to attempts to remedy this evil , and reminded it of the fate of former efforts of that kind . expressed himself extremely glad at the lenity of the punishment that was inflicted on the prisoner , and the more especially , when he considered the character of that high tribunal before whom the prisoner stood ; they were both the judges and the jury in the case , and they acted worthy of their high character in administering justice with mercy . moved an amendment , that instead of the petitioner being brought up to-morrow , he should be brought up tomorrow se'nnight . thought this case the most extraordinary he had heard of in the course of the 24 years he had sat in parliament . He should vote for the amendment . thought rigour the less necessary in this case , as the house was about to provide a remedy against this evil occurring in future : for the great object of punishment was the prevention of