to this measure . It had been clearly made out that it interfered very materially with the military plan of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , a plan which the present ministers seemed to wish to subvert by a side wind . This plan had been highly successful for the time it had been in operation as appeared from the returns on the table . He knew it had been successful in the country , and had the approbation of those who were to carry it into execution . It was said that there was an emergency , and that we must make a sudden exertion ; but the danger was , that by these continued exertions the country would be exhausted when the most pressing occasion arrived . Emergencies might thus be said to have arrived after the battle of Austerlitz ; after that of Auerstadt , and that of Friedland . But the population of the country must be prepared for a long protracted war , which it could not be with these continual paralysing efforts , resting principally on the landed property . There was no vigour in the present measure , but if there was , he should doubt of its propriety ; for by these exertions we must exhaust ourselves before we had run half our race . The plan of his fight hon . friend below , was exactly calculated for our present situation ; for it was intended to meet a long protracted war , and had every appearance of being sufficient to answer that important purpose . That plan would be rising in its efficacy every day . The present measure would be constantly decreasing in its effects , and not only do little good itself , but prevent the other plan from having its proper influence . 979 For these reasons he had voted against the measure : but , however , after the decision of the house , he would not at present oppose the Speaker 's leaving the chair ; but he had thought it incumbent upon him to state his reasons for his former vote , and the grounds on which he thought the present measure not only useless but mischievous . declared that he would rather wish to augment than diminish the militia . But he had strong objections to the system of ballot , on account of the malignity with which it operated . The ballot might fall upon a man of no property , or it might fall upon him ( sir T. Turton ) . As to the chances , they were on an equality . But for 20 guineas he could procure a substitute , and this was nothing to him ; but it might he every thing to the other , and therefore it was that the tax was grossly unequal . He thought the late ministers deserving of great praise for having suspended the ballot , and he really wished that some means might be found , by which the expence of this measure should be more equalised.—Indeed , he entirely approved of what the late ministers had done with regard to the continent , with one exception and that was , that they had not promptly assisted our allies alter the battle of Eylau , for then there appeared a prospect of stopping the career of the French , when they had received this check from the Russians . If he had had any influence over the councils of his majesty , he certainly would have advised that a strong force should have been sent to the continent on that occasion . He had always disapproved to sending expeditions to the continent to save Europe ; for if Europe was not able to save itself , it was impossible that it could be done by Great Britain . We , therefore ought to reserve our forces instead of sending them on these foolish expeditions . But now , whether we should be at peace or not , we must always be armed , perhaps for a century . Since we must then be a armed ,