to clear themselves from a most foul and groundless calumny . The noble lord said , that they had abandoned a measure which they had stated to he indispensible to the security of Ireland . But there was surely some difference between What was highly expedient and what was essentially necessary . They had consented to give up the measure for the present , in deference to the feelings of his majesty , being convinced , however , of its expediency , and reserving the liberty of submitting to the king , for his decision , the same question , if it should 593 appear to them , at a future period , to be absolutely necessary . But could this proceeding be the ground for dissolving the parliament ? Were parliaments then to suffer for the conduct of ministers ? What had the late house of commons done that it should be dissolved ? In 1784 , the house had passed a measure which was considered as obnoxious ; but what had the late house of commons done ? It had certainly not passed the Catholic bill , though the ministers had proposed it . Upon what principle , then , was it charged with the acts of ministers ? The previous dissolution , in October , had taken place when parliament was not sitting , and when no public business was interrupted . It was a material object to have greater unanimity in times of great danger and difficulty , and the dissolution answered that purpose . How then , could the cases , he said , be parallel ? Were parliaments then to be dissolved , always , whenever the king thought proper to change his ministers ? If this was the case , if the threats of secretaries of state were to be held out in terrorem , and if parliaments were to suffer for the conduct of ministers , it was much to be feared that the consequences to the constitution would be of the most alarming nature . He was afraid it would be thought that the crown , from the greatness of the expenditure , and the consequent increase of offices , had too much influence in the choosing of the members , and that the constitution would be considered as degenerating fast into an absolute monarchy . He dreaded lest the house of commons might be placed in a situation where the representatives would find the strongest temptations to abandon the cause of their constituents , and become little better them appendages to the ministers of the crown.—The noble lord declared his firm conviction of the truth of christianity , and of its benignant and civilizing influence , although it had often been wrested to the worst of purposes . Of the melancholy effects of stirring up religious clamours , history afforded abundant instances . Was it , then , amidst the prevalence of a fanatical and unfounded cry , that parliament ought to have been dissolved ? Ought advantages to have been taken of the agitations produced by an appeal to the worst and most violent passions of a misguided people ? He did not observe his noble and learned friend , the chief justice of the king 's bench ( lord Ellenborough ) in his place . But if he were in the house , he would have appealed to him , whether it was not the prac- 594 tice in his court to put off the hearing of a common cause , when the public mind was strongly agitated about the circumstances . How much more , then , was it necessary to have allowed the passions of the people to cool , before they should be called on to decide on a measure of this magnitude ? There was a very marked distinction between the dissolution or 1784 and the last one . The last house of commons had done no one act that could call for it ; it had not even expressed any bad opinions of the present ministers ; except , indeed , its having passed a resolution against granting offices in reversion , or