, and henceforward be allowed the rights of Englishmen . He objected warmly to the feelings of the Irish people being , at this moment , insulted , by the appointment of magistrates , who had shewn themselves to be party-men , and who were henceforward to be invested with the most arbitrary and oppressive powers . For these reasons , he 1088 should certainly vote against the bill being read a third time . expressed his disapprobation of the measure , although he was sorry to learn , from what information he had received , that a necessity for it existed , and he particularly relied in this respect on the eloquent speech of a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Grattan ) , who was so well acquainted with Ireland , and concerned for its interests . But he wished the bill had received sundry amendments , particularly for preventing magistrates , from breaking into dwelling-houses Of suspected persons by night ; he also wished the duration of the bill to have been limited to one year . Upon the whole , it was a bill to which he felt compelled to give an unwilling assent . thought , that in a free country like England , such an act as this should never be passed but from extreme necessity . It had been said , that this act was justified by necessity ; but there was no evidence in proof of it , except the opinion of a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Grattan ) , which , however respectable that gentleman might be , he could not suffer to sway him , nor was he able to bring his conscience to adopt so arbitrary a measure on such authority . Such a corroding act as this must prove highly injurious in its consequences , by irritating and lacerating the feelings of the Irish people ; and if there was a necessity for it , the fact was , it did not go far enough . For these reasons , he would move as an amendment , `` that it be read a third time that day 3 months . '' apologized to the house for his again stating to them what were his opinions upon this measure . The importance of the subject , however , made it his duty to state in this , as well as in former stages , what was the result of his inquiry and deliberation upon a question of such magnitude . In the first place then , deferring as he did to the opinion of a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Grattan ) , whose sentiments he always held in the highest estimation , he must confess that there was very high authority indeed in favour of the proposition , that some such measure ought to be adopted . But even then there was something which operated in his favour . That right hon . gent . whose opinion , it was admitted on all sides , carried such great weight and influence with it , did not say that he agreed to the bill with all its deformities ; he objected to many parts of it ; he only said , that rather than lose the measure 1089 altogether , he would agree to take it with these objectionable parts . However , when he looked at the consequences that were likely to result from the adoption of such a measure , he felt that it was his duty as a member of parliament in such a case , and without any specific evidence before him in support of the measure , to think for himself , and oppose the measure . This bill differed materially from the other ; the other was to operate in a particular part only , and that under peculiar circumstances ; but this was to act universally throughout the whole country , and under any circumstances . What was that in elect but stating that , generally speaking , you can not trust the whole of the population of Ireland , and proclaiming to the enemy ,