duke who was lately at the head of the Irish government ; but had that noble person allowed the county of Mayo to be proclaimed during the excesses of the Threshers , the contagion would not have spread into the adjoining counties , and many persons would have escaped from the sword of justice , who , on account of that injudicious lemity , had fallen under it . So little was the real state of Ireland understood , and consequently so ill adapted the means employed to govern it ! felt himself called upon to answer so serious a charge as that which the noble earl had made against him , and which amounted to nothing less than that the blood of the unfortunate people who lost their lives in consequence of the late disturbances in Ireland must rest upon his head , In reply to this , he begged leave to state , that shortly after his arrival in Ireland , he received an application , not from the county of Mayo , but from the magistrates of the county of Sligo , to proclaim martial law there ; but after every attention he could give to the subject , and after taking the best counsel he could procure , he thought so severe measure unnecessary , and therefore resisted the application . He was satisfied in his own conscience , that his intentions were good . He had acted according to the best of his judgment , and he left it to the country to decide upon his conduct . in explanation , observed , that he had never Said that the blood of the people who had suffered was on the head of the noble Juke . He had only stated his opinion , that if this law had been applied on the first appearance of the disturbances , the extension of the insurrection would have been prevented . contended , that the magistrates in the county of Sligo were the real promoters of the disturbances . The 993 conduct of many of them was such , as to disgrace the magistracy ; and some of them rather deserved to be hanged than to be made magistrates . Indeed , he knew one one of them , who had the halter round his neck , during the rebellion : and if such were the heads how could the people be brought to respect them ? was inimical to the practice of proclaiming districts where it could possibly be avoided . With respect to the bill , its necessity had been so forcibly Urged to him by persons possessing a competent knowledge of the state of Ireland , that he could not object to it . deprecated the tendency of that line of argument which the noble lord on the opposite bench ( lord Holland ) had thought proper to pursue , because he , thought that argument calculated to justify the disturbances which had so long agitated Ireland . With regard to the statements of the noble lords who had lately presided over the government of Ireland , he could not admit that they should operate against this bill . For although those noble lords , in the circumstances which arose during their respective administrations , saw no necessity for acting on the law which this bill proposed to re-enact , it did not therefore follow that the bill was unnecessary . in explanation , stated , that this bill was much more obnoxious to him than the existing law , because by this bill the responsibility of those who were to execute the law was in a great measure done away in consequence of the introduction of new clauses . declared , that it was with the utmost reluctance he could give his assent to any such measure as that before the house ; but being convinced of its necessity , he could not refuse to vote for the bill . He was convinced of the importance of conciliatory measures in Ireland , and he fully concurred in the opinion that nothing was more rare , than that a general spirit of disaffection should prevail