, according to his impression , be for not having made it before . If the country was to be saved , it was by becoming an armed nation that its salvation was to be effected . He agreed with his right hon . friend , that the question now was , whether the ballot was to be employed for recruiting the militia , or raising an army of reserve ; but he had some doubts of the propriety of allowing the militia to volunteer into the line , especially as the principal object of the measure was the internal defence . He was afraid , however , that his noble friend had his attention too much bent upon foreign and continental expeditions . The house should keep in view that it was desirable to have a force disposeable for Great Britain and Ireland . His right hon . friend had stated that the militia was in a declining state , but he had omitted to state that this measure would destroy the spirit of those who commanded and kept up that force . His noble friend had said , that it was not his intention to interfere with the existing establishments , but by this arrangement he would most materially injure a more important branch of the national force . Whenever the Militia had been before drafted into the line , 881 it was in the contemplation of foreign expeditions , but the present measure was brought forward with a view to home defence . After this measure should be carried into effect , no militia officer could look upon himself as belonging to a military establishment , if the house should sanction the impression , that it was unfit for the defence of the country . By adopting the proposition of his noble friend , they would run , the risk of breaking in upon a most important establishment . He could not agree in the recommendation of his right hon . friend , to have the militia regiments marched into their respective counties for the purpose of drilling the mass , because if marched from the military posts they occupied on the coasts , they would be rendered inefficient for immediate defence . The noble lord had stated as a ground of his measure , that about 6000 of the militia would be withdrawn from the service , in consequence of the expiration of their terms : but if these men were to withdraw from the militia , how could his noble friend expect to get them to enter for the general service ? It was his opinion , that the militia ought rather to be increased than diminished . When the noble lord stated , that if the circumstances of the country were the same now , as when the Reserve Act had been brought forward , he should have preferred that measure , he could have wished that he had been more particular in pointing out what those circumstances were that influenced his mind . When the Reserve act had been resorted to , the object was to provide for the home and foreign service , but now the object was to provide for the home service only . Besides , an objection in the former case lay against the Reserve act , because the Militia , and Supplementary Militia had been raised by ballot immediately before . At present , the country had had the advantage of a long respite from the ballot , and the population of the nation had not for some time been called upon to make any very extraordinary efforts to assume a military character . The measure of the Army of Reserve was as perfect in its detail as the Militia acts , and had proved as efficacious in a short period as any measure that had ever been proposed . The suspension of the fines under the Reserve Act had been an act of justice . His noble friend had omitted to touch upon several other modes of recruiting , viz . such as give a single step of promotion for raising a certain number of men .