should take place in the public council of the nation , whilst such a contest continued The doctrine of the right hon . gent . went to this , that the parliament should be changed until one should be found , that would accord with what he or any other person might please to state to be the opinion of his majesty ; according to this doctrine , there should be a new parliament with every new administration ; or , as had been grandly and greatly said by him , who said every thing grandly , and greatly , the late Mr. Burke , we should no longer choose parliaments which might approve of by ministers , but choose parliaments to be approved of by ministers . There might be a crisis which would require the exercise of this prerogative , as that in 1784 , when a difference between the two houses threatened an obstruction to the progress of public business . He did not however say , that the measure was justifiable in that instance , though it might be defended on the ground of that disagreement between the two houses . For his part , he thought that the aristocracy had then received a blow from which it had not yet recovered . He should not say what might be the consequences , but certainly there was reason to fear , that the precedent would not be suffered to remain neglected , and the late instance shewed , that the principle was aggravated in each successive application . But he wished to know what was the expediency of the measure in the late instance , when it produced all the inconveniences of a general election , all the injury to private property , and all the detriment to public morals , which such an event was calculated to give rise to . 638 When all these inconveniencies were to be produced , there should be a good justification of the measure . If the Protestant religion was in danger , that would be a justification of the measure ; if the ministers thought it was in danger , that would be a justification of them . As to the cry of the Church in danger , he would reply to that by asking of the right hon . gent . himself , did he really , and from his heart , believe any such thing ? When Dr. Johnson was asked by some one , did he believe the authenticity of Ossian 's Poems ? he replied by asking , Do you believe it ? In the same way , he would put it to the right hon . gent. , Did he believe that the church was in danger ? The belief that every concession would be granted to the Catholics , was the sole ground on which he had voted for the union with Ireland . That measure had added genius and wisdom to the parliament of Britain , but these might well have flourished in their own sphere and added to the patriotisim and pride of their native land . In his opinion , nothing could have justified the Union , but a belief that every privilege could be more securely granted to the Catholics by the united parliament , than by that of Ireland . This was the opinion of Mr. Pitt , Mr. Burke , and Mr. Fox , the most distinguished politicians that had adorned any country . And he would ask the noble secretary , who had been a party to all the measures of Mr. Pitt on this very subject , how could he join in any cry that the church was in danger from measures which fell far short of those which Mr. Pitt had in contemplation ? As to the defence which the right hon . gent . had given for his silence in 1801 , when the same , and , indeed , more extensive measures were proposed , it was the mere plea of a pleader , and could hardly be listened to with patience , even in any of those courts to which