, it would be advisable to form the men between the ages of twenty-five and thirty into a second class , or body of reserve , to be resorted to in cases of extreme urgency.—The most important question , however , relates to the measures to be adopted for giving these men a sufficient degree of training . It is certainly of more importance , to give a complete training to a moderate proportion of the people , than to extend over the whole that slight degree of instruction , which will not render them capable of the service that may be required from them . The men who are to be trained ought , in my opinion , to be rendered complete soldiers ; and I think it a very ill-judged œconomy not to give them a sufficient allowance of time for becoming so . The provisions both of the Levy en Masse act , and of the Training Bill of last year , are in this respect equally objectionable . The duty required is limited in both of them within such narrow bounds , that it is scarcely possible to expect from it any real practical utility . The men are not to be called out more than twenty-four days in the year , and even these can only be reckoned half days , as the men have to go and return from their homes . The limitation too , provided by the Training Bill , that the men are not to be called to a greater distance than five miles from their homes , will , in most instances , effectually prevent the assemblage of any considerable body of men together , without which , the exercise in petty platoons will be of very little use in preparing men for real service.—The anxiety of the framers of these bills , not to interfere with the ordinary avocations of the people , in the attempt to give them military instruction , appears to have been carried to excess , and has led them to adopt regulations calculated totally to defeat the principal object they had in view . A training so very slight and desultory , as that which is provided for , would , in all probability , prove entirely useless ; the whole expence would be thrown away ; and all the inconvenience arising from the interruption of labour , would be to no purpose . Thus , by an over-anxiety to economize the time of the people , an absolute waste is occa- 1138 sioned . In fact , something like this is ever the result of an attempt to reconcile objects that are incompatible . To train men to military discipline without interfering with their civil avocations , is an absolute impossibility . If men are to act as soldiers , a portion of their time must be devoted to the object of learning the duty of soldiers ; —for a certain length of time they must be separated from their families , and cease to be any thing but soldiers . The truth of this principle is fully evinced by the experience of the volunteers . The testimony of every volunteer officer , who has paid attention to the improvement of his corps , is uniform upon this point , that the greatest number of days , devoted to drilling in an unconnected and desultory manner , has never enabled them to make the same progress , that has been obtained in a very small space of time , when the men were assembled in quarters at a distance from their homes , and kept on permanent duty under military law.—In making arrangements , therefore , for training the people to arms , we must reckon upon a considerable sacrifice of their time as absolutely unavoidable . No unnecessary sacrifice ought to be required ; but , on the other hand , we ought not to hesitate to make the sacrifice to the full extent that is necessary for the complete attainment of the object . We have then to enquire , what length of time devoted to military discipline may be considered