, he had come into the possession of a large estate in Essex , on which he was obliged to reside three months in the year . The works began to be erected in 1803 . During the time he resided there about 1500 people were engaged on them , which certainly did not render the residence the most desirable . All his tangible property on the outside of the house was in danger , and his family not very comfortable ; but he still resided there till , nine nights out of ten , footpad robberies were committed in the fields near his house . He then thought that he had some claim to relief by law from the residence , and applied to Mr. Addington 's administration for that purpose . He then was directed to apply to Mr. Vansittart , and obtained what he wanted . But the bill went only to relieve him for four years , and he was actually obliged to return to the place with all its inconveniences on the 24th of June next . If this was a job , it was singular that the administration should have jobbed against themselves , for he never gave them a vote in his life . He made the proposal of the house as a residence for the general of the district , to colonel Gordon , who told him that he could do nothing without a report from the barrack board . Their report was favourable , and he had a meeting with Mr. William Dundas , the Secretary at War , who said that it would be necessary to send a surveyor to examine the premises . Mr. Johnstone , the surveyor to the board , was then sent . He was totally unconnected with Mr. Johnstone , whom he had never seen in his life , and who had his own way in the whole affair . He made a report that £400 was a fair rent for the house and 20 acres about it . The house was furnished , as he had not removed one article . The house had cost £70,000 . He had received at £200 677 for repairs and £400 a year for rent . On the 24th of June , 1804 , the bargain was made , but the lease was not signed as general Delancey left the board . The rent was , however , due from that period . As to the letters from one department to another , he had nothing to do with them , and never saw them till they appeared in the report . By the general 's residing in it , the government would save money . For their repairs he was not obliged to them , as he wished to have the house pulled down . But he had received no atom of compensation for being turned out of doors . On the 18th of August a jury was impannelled—one would think from the report that it was in 1803 ; but it was in 1804 , which made a very material difference . On that occasion he employed the agent that generally acted for the gentlemen in that Part of the country . The agent employed counsel ; but he had given him no instructions to do so , and knew nothing of it . The jury was one of the most respectable that ever sat , and did not give a rash or hasty verdict , for they were locked up three hours before they agreed upon it . They gave a verdict of £1300 for thirty acres one rood , & c. on which the military works stood . But he would ask , if there was a single word in the verdict that prevented him from living in the house or pulling it down , if he thought proper : and a surveyor had valued the materials of the house at £10,000 , which would produce £500 a year . Was there any thing that prevented him from letting the house to the Speaker of the house of Commons , to government , or