advancing in civilization and morals , and increasing in numbers , from whom , undoubtedly , and from whose children , this country might hope to derive substantial advantages , Some foundation at least had been laid , on which the government might build if they should think proper , and if circumstances should favour . The colony , as he thought , in whatever sense it might be said to have failed , had afforded proof of the practicability of civilizing Africa . What were the great impediments to the improvements of a country ? Either something , first , in the climate ; or , secondly , in the soil ; or , thirdly , in the character of the inhabitants . The climate of Sierra Leone had now been shewn by experience to be about as good as that of other tropical countries . The soil had proved in many parts of it highly favourable to tropical produce . A very good and a new species of coffee had been found naturally to grow there , and most other articles , cultivated in 1005 the West Indies were indigenous . Natives also had been Willing to work as free labourers , and at reasonable rates . In no one of these respects was there any insuperable obstacle to civilization . This country , moreover , was expressly bound to take charge of the Maroons , and to bear the expense of providing for them , by the terms on which the Sierra Leone company had received them , and the Nova-Scotians had also some claim to consideration . Sierra Leone , indeed , now assumed nearly the same character as various other African forts to which parliament had been used to grant from 20,000l . to 30,000l . per annum . It would be , therefore , for the government to consider how many and which of the several forts they would maintain , and he believed that they would find many circumstances to favour the maintenance among others of the Sierra Leone settlement . He had himself long wished to see this colony transferred to government , having been very unwilling to come annually to parliament for the grant of a sum , of which he , as one of the directors , was to be the dispenser , and of which some gentlemen were every year questioning the propriety . The grant was now about to cease , and it would be for the parliament and the government to act hereafter as might , under all the circumstances , appear expedient.—The bill was then passed . presented a petition on behalf of W. Spurrier , who was committed into the custody of the serjeant at arms , for his conduct on the subject of the Poole Writ ; stating that he had been guilty of a breach of the privilege of the house , and thereby incurred its serious displeasure ; and being now fully sensible of his misconduct , most humbly begged pardon for it , and he threw himself on the mercy of the house , humbly hoping that this his contrition might be accepted , and that the house would forgive him , & c. The petition being read , colonel Wood moved , that the petitioner be brought to the bar to-morrow , in order to be discharged . called the attention of the house to the case . The petitioner had kept possession of the writ for 17 days . His son was at first a candidate , and then another in his interest , so that he had very interested motives on this occasion . He acted with a view of turning the election in favour of his family . He had no wish to prevent the lenity of the house 1006 being extended to this gentleman , but this was a very bad example . He trusted some provision would be made to prevent a recurrence of the offence . agreed in the sentiments the right hon . baronet . thought this case more serious in its nature than that of Mr. Brundrett ; the one being a