promises made to children . The parent presents a favour to the view of the child : but declines to give it . No , no , the child would spoil it , and the parent keeps it for fear he should . Thus precisely are the people of Ireland trifled with as to promises ; and thus are those promises fulfilled . How have they acted upon the subject of the Catholic question ? I am not now going into the discussion of that question ; but was not the grant of that measure held out as one of the first consequences of the Union ? Such was to be collected from the words of several of the principal advocates of that measure , and , among others , even Dr. Duigenan . Mr. Pitt and the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) held out a hope , upon their retirement from office in 1801 , that their return to office might be deemed the signal for Catholic emancipation . But yet they returned to office , and no such grant was proposed . Were not the frequent disappointments of the Catholic body—their hopes deferred—one of the principal causes of the Irish discontents ? —Here Mr. Sheridan entered into a review of the conduct of the several members of the present cabinet with respect to the catholic question , and contrasted those who formerly promised so much to the Catholics with those who had lately endeavoured to put an 1196 eternal bar to their hopes , and had raised the abominable yell of `` No Popery . '' There were some of the latter who were , no doubt , actuated by conscientious motives . He was most sincerely disposed to do credit to the motives of his majesty , and had no doubt he was actuated by the purest dictates of conscience . In his honourable mind he was confident there existed as much abhorrence of the authors of any cry which could disunite and distract his subjects as any man in the nation could feel . He had no hesitation in saying , that those men who would raise any thing like eternal obstacles to the views of the Catholics , must act disagreeably to him whose scruples upon the subject might be removed by time and consideration . The right hon . gent . concluded this part of the subject by referring to the conduct of the last administration , whose promptitude in dropping the bill respecting the Catholics he approved , perhaps much more than he did of their original introduction of it.—I think , said Mr. S. , they began at the wrong end . They should have commenced the measure of redress in Ireland at the cottage , instead of at the park and the mansion . To have gone first to the higher orders of the Catholics—to have sought to make them judges , and peers and commoners—I do not know that such a proceeding , had it taken place , would not rather have served to aggravate discontent , as it might have been construed into a design to divide the interests of the Catholics . Sure I am , that with a view to serve or to conciliate the Catholic population , I mean the poor , the peasantry , its effect would be nothing ; indeed it would be quite a mockery . It would be like dressing or decorating the top-masts of a ship when there were 10 feet water in the hold , or putting a laced bat on a man who had not a shoe to his foot . The place to set out with in Ireland for the relief of the people , is the cottage . The distressed state of the peasantry must be first considered , and above all , the tithes . I should hope that every man of good sense and sound heart would be forward to devote some part of his attention to this important question . A great deal of information with respect to the state of the Irish peasantry , and the best means of relieving them . may