in the first instance , was , to tear the prescriptions , and throw all the physic bottles out of the window . This was the basis of the plan of the late ministers with respect to the army . They were led to this plan as well by consideration of the general nature of things , as by reflecting on what had been the history of the military establishments of the country for many years past . Within a period not exceeding the memory of many whom he was then addressing , a guinea to buy necessaries , and a crown to drink the king 's health , was all that was given to a recruit upon his entering the army . A bounty properly so called , that is to say , a price to tempt a man to do what he was otherwise disinclined to , was unknown . The service was its own price . So late as at the beginning of the American war , examples were found of officers reprimanded by the war-office for having extended the bounty so far as to two or three guineas . Among the general causes operating to produce the change which afterwards took place ( those great ones , namely , of the depreciation in the value of money , and the continuance of the pay at the same rate at which it stood in Charles the Second 's time ) , a cause of a more limited , but of a more immediate effect , was the militia . This system , for reasons which he had often stated , and would not now repeat , did not , for several years after its establishment , produce any consequences affecting materially the recruiting of the army . But at last , as the militia assumed a more regular form , as the practice gradually prevailed of calling it out , and keeping it constantly embodied during every war , as its discipline improved , and the practice of substitution took place of that of serving in person , its effects upon the army began to be severely felt . The demand for substitutes on the part of men placed in circumstances the most disad- 887 vantageous for obtaining what they wanted upon reasonable terms , soon brought things to a state , in which service in the militia ( a service for a few years , and within the kingdom ) , could be purchased only at a high premium , and in which men , therefore , could hardly be looked for in great numbers , who would be willing to forego this premium , and enter the army for nothing . The only expedient that occurred for remedying this evil , was to give a bounty for the army also ; and thus to enable the army to hold up its head , and bid against the militia . But though this succeeded for a time , its very success was such as contained a principle destructive of its continuance , the effect of the competition being to raise the price upon both services , till at length a sort of limit was produced , not merely by the consideration of expence , but by the effect which the high bounties had in producing desertion . Nothing now was thought to be left , but to have recourse to compulsion , that is to say , ballot : but as ballot could not be applied directly to the army , the expedient devised was to augment the militia , in order that afterwards the men might be induced , by bounty , to extend their services , and become soldiers complete.—Upon this view , a grand attempt was made , in the years ninety-six and ninety-seven , to raise the militia from thirty thousand to very near 100,000 men ; and in the years 1799 and 1800 out of the force so raised , to transfer to the army a force of about 46,000 . Neither attempt succeeded to the full extent . The projected 100,000 , with all the endeavours used , could never