the parliament had sat , and no preference could be given in the argument with respect to a parliament which had sat five sessions over one which had sat only two sessions , or to a parliament which had sat four sessions , over one which had sat only one session . He meant only to apply this to the dissolution of parliament resorted to by the late ministers . For the dissolution resorted to by the present ministers , there were urgent reasons of necessity . The friends of the late administration were sufficiently numerous in the other house to embarrass the operations of government , although not strong enough to bring themselves again into power . It , therefore , became necessary to appeal to the people , and this was rendered the more necessary by the irritation and difference of opinion which had been excited by the uncalled-for agitation of a question , calculated in an eminent degree to produce all those effects . Where , however , was the necessity for the dissolution resorted to by the late ministers in October last ? the country was at that time quiet , there was no material difference of opinion upon any public topic , nothing in fact that could create the least necessity for a dissolution . It had been urged , that the rupture of the negociation with France was a sufficient ground for the measure . If this were so , then the rupture of every negociation in which the country had been engaged , would have been a sufficient ground for a similar measure ; this , however , had never before been pretended . The arguments , therefore , of his noble friend , went much more against the dissolution resorted to by the late administration , than that to which the present ministers had had recourse . It had been said , that the cry of `` no popery '' had been raised by the present ministers , in order to raise a prejudice in their favour . He admitted that such a cry had existed in several places amongst the people ; but , he denied that it had been raised by his majesty 's ministers 585 It were absurd to suppose that such a ridiculous cry could have been set up by his majesty 's ministers , and the state of the elections abundantly proved that it had not been . If ministers had wished to raise such a cry , surely it would have been easy to find persons who would have been instrumental to such a purpose in Yorkshire , in Middlesex , and in other places . His noble friend had passed over in silence , the events which had taken place before Constantinople and in Egypt . He did not wish to discuss now the unfortunate results of those expeditions ; but he could not help calling to the recollection of their lordships , the triumphant tone in which a noble lord ( Kinnaird ) of considerable talents , whom he regretted was not now a member of that house , spoke when a rumour reached this country , that the Turkish government had acceded to the terms proposed . That noble lord spoke of the Turkish empire being at the feet of Britain , and asked to whose wisdoms and to whose policy we were indebted for so glorious an event ? He would now ask to whose wisdom and to whose policy we were indebted for the unfortunate consequences of those expeditions ? He could not conceive any occasion on which unanimity was more desirable than the present , and in that house more peculiarly , where it had not been the practice to move amendments to addresses , for he found that in the course of 25 years there were only three instances , namely , in 1801 , in 1794 , and 1795 , where amendments were moved . He thought that a period like the present was one , when they should least of all deviate from the practice of the house , more peculiarly when the united energies of the