1795 ) were read , He supposed 744 the house would of course follow this precedent now . He thought it right at the same time to move , that the petitions presented yesterday , by persons stating Mr. Mills to be indebted to them , should be referred to the said committee.—An order was accordingly made to that effect . said , no person was more disposed to respect the general standing orders of the house than he was , and he was sure that when any member moved that any of these orders should be enforced , it was from the impulse of the best motives . The proceedings , however , which were sometimes adopted with respect to the order for the exclusion of strangers , seemed to him to require to be explained , and to be placed on more satisfactory grounds . When it was considered that strangers were , by the standing order , never to be admitted , no construction of that standing order could be interpreted into a right of commanding those to withdraw , who were to he presumed not to be present . The words of the standing order were not to admit strangers , and if any stranger intruded , the order provided that he should be taken into custody by the serjeant at arms . He did not think it right that a matter of such moment should he left in so undefined a state , and after what had happened yesterday , it became more necessary than ever to come to a fixed understanding upon it . If the public was not to be allowed to know what the state of the nation was , it was hard to say what it should be allowed to know . He therefore gave notice , that he meant on Friday to draw the attention of the house to this subject . was extremely sorry if any thing had fallen from him contrary to the general sense of the house . The fact was , that he had not moved that the gallery should be cleared , but on hearing things fall from the hon . gent . which he thought might be injurious , if suffered to go abroad , he thought it his duty to notice that there were strangers in the house ; and it appeared , that when once such a deviation from the standing order was noticed , there was no discretion for him , or for the Speaker , or for the house ; it must necessarily and immediately be enforced . said , that as this matter was mentioned , he thought it his duty to state what was the present practice and usage of the house , and what , as being the usage , he thought it his duty to adopt and enforce , 745 till it should be altered . Whether the house should lightly alter a usage so established , would be for its consideration . From the standing order , forbidding the admission of strangers , it was clear they could be in the house only by sufferance . For enforcing the exclusion , if necessary , the standing order directed that those who intruded themselves should be taken into the custody of the serjeant at arms . But this he looked upon only as a mode of getting rid of their presence if it should be an inconvenience , or if they should improperly come in , or persist in remaining . With respect to the obligation of enforcing the order , it was indispensable : if any member noticed the presence of strangers , he ( the Speaker ) had no choice , the house had no choice , they must be put forth . This was the ancient and established usage . If the house should now be disposed to alter it , it would do well to consider whether any new practice that might be substituted would accord equally well with its dignity or its convenience . wished the ancient and established usage on this head to remain unaltered , for , although he