suppressed . The amount of the compensation to be paid was about 100,000l . He proposed to raise this sum by a tax of 6 per cent . on imports and exports , with the exception of imports and exports between Great Britain and Ireland . The merchants would find this tax less burthensome than the fees . The produce would be about 90,000l . If this sum fell short a little , the certainty and regularity of the payment would compensate the officers for the trifling reduction . He moved accordingly , that such a compensation be granted . After a short conversation between sir J. Newport , who 810 thought that the compensation ought to be provided for by some more equal charge , than one that fell wholly upon foreign imports and exports , the fees being equally paid upon imports and exports between Ireland and Britain , and Mr. Foster who answered the hon . baronet 's objections , the motion was agreed to . with a view to shew the practicability of very considerable savings in the Army Clothing and Agency departments , rose to move for a number of papers which he had yesterday given notice of his intention to call for , and to the production of which he did not understand there was any objection . The present mode of clothing the army , by converting the colonels of regiments into a species of wholesale tailors , was particularly reprehensible . In the agency department also , much unnecessary expence was incurred . On the whole , he was convinced a saving of no less than 2 per cent . might be made on the 2,000,000l . now annually expended on the army . The hon . gent . concluded with moving , `` That there be laid before the house , 1 . An account of all sums of money issued to the army agents from the 25th of Dec. 1805 , to the 24th of Dec. 1806 ; specifying the names of those agents , the number of regiments of the line , militia , and fencibles , for which they are employed ; and the amount of the securities given by them for the faithful discharge of the trust reposed in them : 2 . An account of all sums of money issued to each and to every of the army agents , by way of compensation for his trouble in the affairs of the different regiments of which he has the management , and for any other public expences , from the 25th of Dec. 1805 , to the 24th of Dec. 1806 ; specifying the several heads of service for which the compensation is granted : 3 . An account of all sums of money advanced monthly to the army agents for subsistence , & c. for what period these payments are made in advance , and the names of the agents : 4 . An account of the expence for agency attending the 26 articles of the abstract of the army estimates for this year , presented to this house on the 14th of January , the names of the agents entitled to receive the same , and the amount paid to each agent : 5 . A statement of the mode of issuing the funds applicable to the Volunteer service through the office of the agent-general , with an account of the expence of that establishment from the 1st of 811 June 1803 , to the 1st of Jan. 1805 ; specifying the different heads under which the same has been issued : 6 . Statement of the sums expended in Great Britain for the Volunteer service between the 1st day of June 1803 , and the 1st day of Jan. 1805 ; specifying particularly how much has been applied to the following heads , viz . attendance at drill , inspection , permanent duty , also of drill serjeants , adjutants , serjeantsmajor , inspecting field-officers , brigadier-generals , majors of brigade , aides-de-camp , & c. and clothing : 7 . An account of all sums of money to which the regiments of