, or whether it might not be necessary then to add to the Sinking Fund , instead of taking any thing away from it . expressed his opinion , that so long as we were able to raise taxes sufficient to pay the interest of our loans , there was no necessity for the plan of the noble lord . defended the conduct of his noble relation ( lord Sidmouth ) . There were some gentlemen who , if they disapproved of his conduct at the time that was alluded to , disapproved of it sub silentio . He thought it really somewhat extraordinary that some gentlemen should approve of what was said to give a breathing time to taxation , and yet not approve of the resolutions that were to be moved in support of that system . declared , that he had entertainer strong objections to the measure of the no- 816 ble lord in 1802 , though he had deferred to the opinion of his late right hon . friend . He saw no reason for pressing the proposition of the noble lord opposite , this session . was so convinced of the radical truth of the noble lord 's original propositions , that if he now pressed his motion , he should support it . At the same time , he saw not the utility of proposing the motion , when it was not likely to be acted upon . defended the plan of his noble friend , and thought that the time for requiring of the public creditors any sacrifice was , when they had an advantage from the augmentation that had been made this year to the sinking fund . though he had entertained considerable doubts as to the measure adopted in 1802 , had yet got rid of those doubts in consequence of the circumstances under which it had been brought forward . The plan of the noble lord was founded upon an accumulating debt , and a decreasing Sinking Fund , but the original plan of his late right hon . friend was founded upon an increasing Sinking Fund , and a decreasing Debt.—The question was then put for going into the committee , and negatived without a division . The Speaker acquainted the house , that he had received a letter from lord viscount Mahon , who had been returned for Wendover and Kingston ; in which his lordship declared , that he had made his election to serve for Wendover . A new writ was ordered for Kingston , thus vacated.—Mr . C. Wynne brought up the report of the committee appointed to examine into the state of Criminal and Pauper Lunatics in Great Britain . The report was ordered to be printed , after a few words from Mr. Wynne , who said that it had been wished to include Ireland and Scotland in the measure advised by the committee , but that it had been deemed adviseable to leave any proposition on this subject , to be brought forward by those who were better acquainted with the circumstances of those two countries.—Mr . Huskisson brought in a bill for investing his majesty with the rights of the Sierra Leone company , which was read a first time.— Mr. Hobhouse brought up the report of the committee on the king 's message , rela- 817 tive to the queen 's house at Frogmore . On the motion for the second reading of the resolution , Mr. Adam signified his royal highness the prince of Wales 's acquiescence in it . The resolution was then agreed to , nem . con. , and a bill ordered accordingly.—A new writ was ordered for Rye , in the room of earl Clancarty , who , since his election , had accepted the office of one of the joint postmasters in Ireland.—A new writ was ordered for Rye , in the room of sir John Nicholl , who had made his election to serve for Bedwin . The house having resolved itself into a committee of supply , in moving that the sum of 13,000l . be granted for defraying the expences of