, namely , a fourth , or 12,000 men.—Having thus stated the extent to which in the present public exigency it had been thought wise to carry the increase of the regular army from the militia , he observed , that no pains had been spared by his majesty 's government to digest a mode of transferring the men from the militia to the line , more free from objection than any that had hitherto been devised , more palatable to the officers of the militia , and less likely to hurt that just pride in their different regiments , which they so laudably entertained . On this part of the subject his majesty 's government would be extremely happy to receive any suggestions from the officers of militia , with which they might think proper to favour them . It had occurred to his majesty 's ministers , that there were two objections which were likely to press on the feelings of militia officers ; the first was , the large amount of the force that would be extracted from the militia ; the other , the danger which the militia regiments would for a while incur of a relaxation of discipline by the volunteering and recruiting for the line . With respect to the first objection , he trusted it would not be deemed a very serious one , when it was considered that , although a great diminution in the numbers of the militia must certainly take place for the increase of the regular army , 868 yet that a greater number would immediately be supplied from the counties . With respect to the second objection , it was proposed , in the first instance , and for a certain period , to submit the recruiting for the line from the militia solely to the direction of the militia officers . It was proposed , that for 30 days after the issuing of the warrants , no soldier or officer of the regular army should interpose , or have any intercourse with the militia . It was in the contemplation of his majesty , and of his royal highness the commander-in-chief , to give as usual , commissions in the line , in proportion to the number of men raised , and to commission the officers in the regiment to which the men might be invited to go , should the wished-for number not be produced within the 30 days : but it was also proposed to accept a smaller proportion of men , provided they were produced in 30 days , in preference to the allowing of volunteering in round numbers , if a third was thus produced instead of two-fifths . He would submit to the house but a few observations on the terms of enlistment , because they would with more propriety become the subject of a future discussion . He was certainly far from wishing to anticipate the decision of parliament , on a question of so interesting a nature , as whether or not the men should be allowed to enlist for life ; though he confessed that he differed very widely from the right hon . gent . opposite in his opinions on that point ; he was by no means disposed to advise that the regulations adopted last year by parliament should be rescinded , and things restored to their former state . Yet still he thought it would be wise to give to individuals the alternative whether they would enlist for life or not ; but he admitted that the only fit opportunity for discussing this question would be on the introduction of the Mutiny bill , and that such discussion was irrelevant to a collateral measure like that before the house . He would observe , however , that the right hon . gent . himself had not thought that no case could occur in which a deviation from his regulations would be advisable . He had certainly held out an expectation to all those who had served 21 years in the army , that they would be immediately discharged ; but prudence would not allow him to