with these professions on their lips , they resorted to every illiberal , underhand , unmanly means , to subvert the power of those whom they were pretending to support . The very opposite was the character of the opposition to which he was ambitious to belong ; an open , fair , liberal , and principled opposition ; and he trusted he never should expose himself to the disgrace of belonging to such as the last , who were now in power ; but whose possession of power ought to be contended against by every man who understood and cherished the spirit of the constitution . recollected that the noble lord had attached himself to a variety of persons both in and out of place ; but had distinguished himself most by a disciplined opposition to his majesty 's government . For his own part , he had but one political attachment , and to that he gloried to adhere . If it was a disgrace to have belonged to any opposition , It was not for him exactly to say to what opposition the term of disgrace belonged ; that must depend upon the sense and opinion of the country at large , and not of any individual : but late events had pretty clearly shewn what was the true feeling and opinion of the country . said , he did not mean any thing personal to the noble earl : for he could not indeed charge his memory with any thing the noble earl had ever said or done to distinguish his political conduct . observed , that there never was an administration which had less occasion to complain of a factious and harassing opposition than the last . There was , in fact , nothing like a systematic plan to oppose their measures , among any of those with whom he had the honour to act . `` All the Talents , '' as they were called , were absolutely without any opponents in that house , or any where else he believed , until they began to oppose themselves.—The bill was then read a second time . On the motion of lord Barnard , a new writ was ordered for the election of a member for the borough of Bandon , in the room of lord Boyle , now earl of Shannon . Also for the election of a member for the borough of Tralee , in the room of sir A. Wellesley , who had made his election for the borough of Newtown , for which also he had been returned.—Mr . Long moved for leave to bring in a bill to enable the trustees of the British Museum to sell , exchange , or otherwise dispose of , such parts of their collection as were not adapted to the purposes of that institution , and to lay out the produce in the purchase of other articles better adapted to their purposes . The articles which it was proposed to dispose of , were anatomical preparations , and other things of that nature . The disposal of these articles , and the purchases to be made with the produce , were to be under the controul of a committee of seven , at the head of which were the lord chancellor , the speaker of the house of commons , and the archbishop of Canterbury . The establishment was now placed on such a footing , that it was calculated in every respect to answer the purposes intended by parliament . Leave was given to bring in the bill.—On the motion of Mr. Foster , the house went into a committee , to consider of the compensation to be made for the fees of offices abolished in the department of the customs in Ireland . Mr. Foster stated , that the commission of enquiry into the fees of offices in Ireland had particularly recommended the extension of the retrenchment and regulation of the customs fees adopted in this country to Ireland . It became necessary , in consequence of the adoption of that measure , to make compensation to the officers whose fees were