that appeal necessary were still fresh in their recollection ? How else was his royal prerogative to be supported ? This was the fair , obvious , simple ground upon which the late dissolution rested , and the result had amply proved how well his majesty understood the disposition of his people in making that appeal . For never was their sense more clearly , distinctly , and unequivocally expressed . No means were left untried by the opposers of government , to 775 procure the fullest possible attendance of their adherents in parliament , at the beginning of the present session ; yet the sentiment of the nation in favour of the prerogative , was pronounced in the fullest house that ever sat in deliberation , by the largest and most decided majority.—Among their lordships it had met with the same loyal and triumphant support . Here then was the necessity and the propriety of the dissolution proved at once in the most marked and forcible manner . He earnestly wished to let the question rest here , but it was impossible to pass over in silence the latter part of the noble baron 's speech to which the former part served only as a stalking-horse . The deep regret he felt at some of the sentiments and expressions that fell from the noble baron , he was at a loss how to express ; but he was sure they must have made nearly the same impression upon most of their lordships . He was ready to believe that the same feeling and sentiment pervaded every class and description of the community , and that they all were disposed to act with one heart and hand in support of the constitution against the attacks of the most formidable foe that they ever had to contend with , and now made much more formidable by the influence of recent events . Then , what could be the tendency of the noble baron 's observations ? what the effect they were calculated to produce ? But where was the practical good that could result from them ? Was it not well known how different were the opinions entertained respecting the chief topic upon which the noble baron had so widely , and , in his mind , so unnecessarily expatiated . Neither could he be ignorant how very generally the opinion of the country had been expressed upon that subject , Where , then , was the utility of the recommendation which the noble baron had so anxiously urged ? Was there in past experience , was there in any prospect before us , the slightest ground for considering us a divided people ? Even in defence of the Catholics , and in mere justice to that respectable body of men , he would ask the noble baron , when were their exertions wanted , if the threat of danger required them to put them forth ? Whatever the difference of opinion they might have entertained upon the other points , were they ever backward , when the appearance of a foreign enemy called for the zeal and activity of their services ? Whatever the deprivations under which they had they not always considered 776 them as prosperity and luxury when compared with the promises and the boons by which the enemy would endeavour to seduce them ? Then the representations made by the noble baron were unfair , of any description of men who had uniformly manifested such a spirit of loyalty and patriotism . It was unfair surely to describe their conduct and principles in a light that would justify him in calling them a divided people . Respecting our internal policy , there might perhaps be difference of opinion ; with regard to the threats and attempts of a foreign enemy , we should always prove an united people , those who possessed least , vying with those who possessed most . He must therefore again express his surprise and regret at the observations of the noble baron , the more so , as they now could be attended with no practical effect , and when his own