that France is at this moment destitute of means of making a formidable attack . Independently of her native troops , 1119 of which , the march of 60,000 had been stopped , 40,000 Dutch troops are returned to the frontiers of Holland , and a Spanish army , of 25,000 men , on their route towards Poland , had halted on the borders of France . These were circumstances , which surely called for the serious and immediate attention of ministers , and imposed upon them the urgent and imperious duty of making the most of the time yet allowed for preparation . This view of our situation might perhaps be considered as too gloomy ; but he assured their lordships , that he had never yet been guilty of the crime of despairing of his country : and even under the present circumstances , his anxiety chiefly arose from the sentiments which government appeared to entertain of this momentous and unexampled crisis ; and particularly from his conviction of the unfitness and inadequacy of the measures now brought forward ; and not from any distrust of the actual sufficiency of our means to provide effectually for our security . We must however , by foresight , by vigour , by exertion , by perseverance , maintain ourselves on the eminence upon which we are now placed , or we should soon descend to the foot of the declivity , and in that state of humiliation , greater privations and sacrifices would be necessary , to enable us to make a comparatively feeble , and probably an ineffectual struggle , for our insular independence , than are now requisite , for the protection of our wide-spread dominion , and for the support of our formidable power . No plea , no pretence , for imperfect and incompetent measures , was to be found in the disposition of the people . They had not embarrassed the plans and operations of government , nor the deliberations of parliament , by complaints of the continuance of the war , and of the burdens which it had occasioned . On the contrary , their conduct had been highly honourable to the sound sense , the manly fortitude , and ardent loyalty of the country ; and he was convinced , that , at the present moment , measures of efficiency and vigour , with a view to our domestic defence , would be hailed with approbation and joy by the united voice of the whole nation.—On the present occasion , he had discharged what he considered as an indispensable duty . He had expressed sentiments , which he had long entertained , and upon which he had formerly acted . A slight difference of opinion would not induce him , upon such an occasion , and at such a period , to oppose a measure of the government : but he now did so , 1120 from a firm and conscientious conviction , that it was highly objectionable in itself , and that it impeded the adoption of other measures , far better adapted , in all respects , to our present situation , and to the permanent security of the empire . contended , that there was every probability of the measure being effectual to the extent of the whole number of men sought to be raised . That these men , when transferred from the militia into the regulars , would be at least equal to what they were in the militia , that they would even be equal to most regular troops , he thought could hardly be denied . The noble viscount had said , that a long time must intervene before the deficiency produced by the draughting of them from the militia could be supplied . This was , in his opinion , the very point in which the present system was most efficient , and that in which it had the most decided advantage over the measure of the noble viscount . By the noble viscount 's plan , the new levies would be formed into separate corps , consisting entirely of untrained men , By that