introduced the clause on the face of the bill was , that his noble friend wished to take the sense of the house on the general principle of his measure on the second reading of the bill , without endangering its adoption , if there 986 should be any general objection to such a clause . For the same reason , he chose to take the sense of the committee on the clause , which , if rejected , would not affect the general measure . This enlistment was to be only of a temporary nature , and therefore , to allow the option would not be to depart from the uniform permanent mode or recruiting . On their own principle , the gentlemen opposite ought to agree to the clause , because , though their system was at first to apply to all men serving in the army who had served 21 years , they had been deterred front acting upon it , when they found that the number to be discharged amounted to 6,000 . To be consistent therefore , they who were afraid to discharge 6,000 then serving , but not raised under the provisions of their system , should not object to giving an option that would have the effect of preventing the whole of so large a force as 23,000 men , not raised under their plan , from being entitled to their discharge at the same time . argued against the clause , and contended , that it would be nugatory , because for the same bounty any man must prefer the limited to the unlimited period of service . felt rather jealous of any measure that went to disturb that which had already been laid down for limited service , and from which it was most natural to expect the most beneficial result.—A long conversation then took place on the merits of the clause , between lords Castlereagh and Milton , general Phipps , Mr. T. Jones , Mr. Ward , general Tarleton , Mr. Giddy , the Secretary at War , and Mr. Lockhart . Afterwards a division took place : For the Clause , 73 ; Against it , 10 ; Majority , 63 . The house being resumed , Mr. Hobhouse brought up the report , which was ordered to be received to-morrow . moved the order of the day , for taking into consideration the gracious communications which he had yesterday the honour of delivering to the house . In moving an address of thanks to his majesty for these communications , he only followed in form the usual proceeding of the house ; and as to the object and matter of the first of them , he did not anticipate any material objection . It simply announced , that a treaty 987 had been entered into with his Swedish majesty to subsidize a certain number of Swedish troops to be employed on a particular service , and which treaty rested on the basis of the former one : the only difference being , that instead of 14,000. men for which the former treaty stipulated , the present treaty made an addition of 4000 men to the former , making in the whole 18,000 men ; the addition to be on the same terms as the number of troops originally stipulated . With respect to what regarded Prussia , there could scarcely be any difference of opinion ; as the urgency of his Prussian majesty 's affairs appeared to require it . Some advances of money had been made to relieve him . In addition to the 80,000l . advanced by the late administration , his majesty 's present government had made a further addition of 100,000l . ; the other assistance in arms , ammunition , & c. amounted to 200,000l . These were the sums to be made good ; and the object of the address he was about to move was , that their lordships do concur in making good the sums . His lordship concluded with moving and reading an address to that effect . would not object to the address ; but , at