well known to most of the members in the house , that great exertions were in almost every case of contested election made to obtain the writ , with a view to fix the day of the election as it might suit the convenience of the party possessing it . It was a species of hypocrisy that he could not join in , to know and avow out of doors , that such a practice universally prevailed , and to cry , oh horrible ! and oh monstrous ! as if it was a most outrageous calumny , when such things were mentioned within doors . If the practice was felt to be in itself an abuse , or to be liable to abuse , it would be more becoming the wisdom of the house to apply a general remedy , than to punish any individual trespass with extreme severity . He thought it would be sufficient punishment to commit Mr. Brundrett to the custody of the serjeant at arms . contended for the right of the house to investigate all the proceedings with respect to the writ . If the witness persisted in his refusal to answer , he might , in so doing , be ambitious to raise his professional character ; but that ambition was no reason why the house should restrain itself in the investigation which its constitution and character prescribed , nor in the exercise of the means it possessed of rendering that investigation effectual . The question was perfectly legal , and the excuse offered was totally insufficient . observed upon the generality of the practice of taking out writs with a view to the convenience of the parties taking them out , in giving them a discretion to fix the time of the election . Some general remedy ought to be applied . Three parliaments ago the writ for Northumberland had been offered to him , with a view that he should consult his convenience in the use of it . He declined the offer , desiring that it should be transmitted to the returning officer , and intimating that if any improper delay occurred he would complain to the house of it . He would ask the secretary of the treasury ( Mr. Huskisson ) , if there were not other instances also of his favour in issuing the writs . When the sheriff of Westmoreland sent for the writ for the 841 borough of Appleby , for the election , by which he now held his seat , he found it was issued to another person , who used it according to his own convenience : the abuse ought to be removed by a general remedy , and not by ineffectual severity in a particular instance : Mr. Brundrett stood rather in the light of a person questioned as to his being implicated in a criminal act , than as a mere witness . If he were not a party , but questioned merely as to the crime of his employers , the professional principle ought to protect him . said , the witness had already acquitted himself by immediately handing over the writ . An attorney was not protected from answering , where he himself was a party . on a review of all the circumstances , voted for the motion . defended the treasury from the imputation of interfering with the issuing of the writs . alluded to a case , where he knew of an order being sent from the treasury not to deliver out the writ to any person in opposition to ministers , and this too at a time previous to its being known that the place was actually vacant . imagined the hon . secretary of the treasury would better understand the hint he had thrown about , if he enquired what had been done in the case of the writ for the university of Cambridge . from his confidence in the veracity of the hon . member ( Mr. Jeffery ) , and from the contumacy of the witness , felt himself bound to vote for the motion of committal.—Mr . Montague spoke to