simply this , to bring fairly before the house in one point of view the names of all the members of that house , who either held places or enjoyed pensions , or else whose wives or children derived a similar emolument from the crown . He could not avoid remarking , by the way , the great activity of the member for Yorkshire ( Mr. Wilberforce ) in interposing with his shield in behalf of those who were in that situation . With regard to the right hon . gentlemen on the Treasury bench , he might certainly find some room to compliment them on their ingenuity upon this occasion ; but he was certain that they had not left him the smallest opportunity to compliment them on a much more solid qualification—their sincerity.—The house then divided , when 743 * there appeared , For the chancellor of the exchequer 's motion 101 , For lord Cochrane 's amendment 60 , Majority 41. presented a petition from the Directors of the East India Company , praying for leave to bring in a bill to raise an additional sum on bonds , until the increase of their capital authorised by parliament took place . On his moving that the petition be referred to a committee of the whole house , rose and declared , that this was the first instance in which any public body had made such a request to parliament , without the production of the necessary documents on which it was founded . In 1772 , an attempt was made by the ministry of the day to bring in a similar bill , but this attempt was defeated by general Burgoyne , who contended that an explicit account of the reasons which called for such a measure , ought first to be laid before the house . He trusted that the house would pursue a similar mode of conduct in the present instance , and that a complete disclosure of the state of the company 's affairs would now take place ; especially when it was recollected , that there were two India budgets in arrear . observed , that the hon . gent . was under a mistake in this business , and that the precedent of 1772 , adduced by him , was not in point . The East India Company only wanted to raise by bond what they had been already authorised to raise in capital . With respect to the state of their affairs , that might be discussed in the committee of the whole house , to which his hon . friend had moved that the petition should be referred . As to the budget , it was his intention to-morrow to move for the papers which ought long ago to have been on the table of the house , and which it was not his fault were not so . observed , that the company were precluded , under two acts of parliament , from extending their debt beyond a certain sum . An act , of 1793 , bound them to extend it no farther than 1,500,000l : but an act of the very next year allowed them to increase it to 3,000,000l . That debt remained to this hour undiminished ; and the act of parliament was as imperative against their extending their debt now , by the issue of bonds , as by any other mode . It was for the house to consider how far it was wise to extend the existing 744 * limitation ; but certainly it ought not to be done without a full investigation of the company 's affairs.—The petition was then referred to a committee of the whole house . brought up the report of the Committee of Privileges , to Whom the letter addressed by George Galway Mills , esq . to the Speaker of the house of commons , and the petitions presented against the said G. G. Mills , esq . had been referred . The report stated , that the committee had examined and found that the said G. G. Mills , esq . was a member of