and we should not shrink from that duty through any objection to the trouble that might attend it , or through any idle fear of danger ; but least of all through a timid apprehension of the truth.—With regard to the motives which have urged me to stand forward upon this occasion , I have been prompted to it by duty and by feeling . My object , to serve the cause of justice and my country , without exciting any passion or flattering any prejudice . I hope I may take credit for being as little inclined as any man to the use of inflammatory language—as little disposed to promote sedition , or mutiny , or disaffection . For this I think I am entitled to take credit . There is not , perhaps , a man more strongly convinced than I am , that the very existence of the two islands depends upon the continuance of their connexion . I am quite assured , that if there be any party in Ireland of any de- 1190 nomination , which would advocate an opposite principle , that party is decidedly hostile to the interests of that country—and should call forth the vigilance and vigour of the law . But I must say , that all appearances are against the belief of any such disaffection , much less of organized treason . Indeed , if I could imagine an observer totally free from prejudice upon the subject , his inference would , I am persuaded , be of quite an opposite tendency . If I could imagine a foreigner well disposed to Great Britain—if I could believe such a foreigner to exist , I am satisfied he would be forward to rather congratulate Great Britain upon the present state of Ireland . There are four symptoms of loyalty and attachment to Great Britain visible in Ireland , which would naturally attract the attention of this foreigner . Having heard that the duke of Bedford was applied to by some rash individuals to proclaim a county , at the time of the insurrection of the Threshers , that noble duke rejected the application , and trusting to the ordinary operation of the law , put down the insurrection ; the foreigner would , in the first instance , consider this a very good symptom of the disposition of Ireland . Well , in the second place , he would be told that there had been no disturbances whatever in that country since the duke of Bedford had put down the insurrection alluded to , and that the disposition of the people had been particularly proved by the rejection of the Catholic bill . A short description of the nature of that measure would readily satisfy his mind that the laying it aside , after it was promised , was very likely to have an irritating effect in Ireland . But instead of irritation he would witness the most perfect good order , although all the ingredients of insurrection were flung among the people , wrapped up in a proclamation for dissolving parliament . The third object of the foreigner 's attention would be judge Fox 's address of congratulation to the people of Tipperary , upon the peaceful state of the county ; together with that judge 's expression of surprise that it should be otherwise described by any person ; and the fourth symptom would , more than all , satisfy his mind that no apprehension whatever could be entertained of disorders or insurrection in Ireland . For he would see the army taken away—he would see that formidable body , the German legion , which was sent to Ireland to save it from sedition , embarked for the continent . Now , it this 1191 foreigner were to state these sentiments to the minister , and express his surprise that any suspicion could any where be entertained of the loyalty and tranquillity of the people of Ireland , what would the right hon . gentleman say to him ? Perhaps the right hon . gent . would tell him that the duke of Bedford acted injudiciously in refusing to