motion had been proposed and agreed to , 2 or 3 years ago , parliament would have been better able to have legislated for Ireland . For the proof of this he would only refer to the speech of his right hon . friend , who had exposed the abuses with respect to tithes , the non-residence of the clergy , and the state of the Protestant schools . The hon . gent . seemed to be mightily offended at his saying that government had not been attentive to Ireland . For a proof of this , too , he referred to the speech of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Grattan ) , who had stated that 8000 acres of land only supported 18 Protestant schools ; and yet , with all this before them , some gentlemen pretended that government had paid the requisite attention to the state of Ireland ! He hoped , however , that an attention of a different sort would be given it . Ireland expected this ; England expected it ; and the result , he had no doubt , would be beneficial to both countries—His right hon . friend bad averted to the state of tithes in Ireland , and the ill-constructed method of collecting and managing them , had deduced a great part of the evils under which Ireland laboured . The `` Hearts of Steel '' —the `` White Boys '' —the `` Bright Boys '' —and the `` Threshers , '' all arose from the tithes which appeared the most cruel of the burthens under which the lower ranks of people in Ireland groaned . Why , then , did not this sufficiently account for the disaffection in Ireland , without having recourse to the idea of a French faction ? His right hon . friend admitted the general loyalty of the people of Ireland ; but still said , there was a French party in Ireland—a French party but contemptible—a miserable faction destitute of talents and energy , and of trifling numbers . What he wanted , then , was , to have the nature of this danger ascertained , to see in what it consisted , to find out the strength of this French faction , and , if so contemptible as his right 1217 hon . friend had said , to apply a remedy equal to the disease , and not to overturn the whole constitution of the country on account of a wretched faction . His right hon . friend close by him , ( Mr. Windham , ) had said , that he seemed to hold the concessions to the Roman Catholics cheap . He certainly had never done so , and his right hon . friend was mistaken . He had said , that if what was called Catholic emancipation was granted without some other measures in favour of the poorer classes , it might excite envy and jealousy in them—the benefits to them they would consider as not running pari passu , with those of their superiors , and certainly without some caution what was intended to promote harmony , might become the excitement to contention . But , what did the bill proposed by the late administration in favour of the Catholics do ? —It certainly did a great deal indeed when it proposed to abolish the restrictions on the Roman Catholic officer , when he came to a certain rank ; an officer who stood in the singular situation , that he rose till he had an opportunity of doing some act worthy of preferment , and however great the services he might perform , there he stopped , and the disabilities under which he laboured , damped his ardour , and rendered him less fit or disposed for enterprise and exertion . The unfortunate Catholic officer might , therefore , be said to rise to his degradation . The removal of such restrictions was doing much , and the best effects would certainly have followed from the adoption of such a measure . Was it not better to put confidence in the Irish than to bind them down