power could consider as arrived , and another as not arrived , warranted him in the argu- 1079 ment that to leave the terms of the arrangement . I gent undefined , was the sure way of exciting general and large expectations . He repeated , that great expectations of military aid were entertained , not only by Sweden , but by Russia and Prussia , and this latter power was warranted in the expectation by the British resident minister ( lord Hutchinson ) . He would not say that this expectation went so far as to look for a British military force in the line of the Russian and Prussian armies . The objects Russia and Prussia sought for would be best promoted by the co-operation of on English force with Sweden , in creating a diversion on the rear of the French armies . As to the transports , he saw no objection to the production of the comparative accounts at the commencement of the late and the present administration ; but it was not enough that the late government had left a large general supply of transports , as those employed on distant service , such as the expedition to Buenos Ayres and Egypt , were nothing to the present purpose . The point in question was the existence of a sufficient supply for transporting troops to the continent , if that should be judged necessary . He could not allow that no preparation ought to be made till the exigency should have arrived . He had heard of bold invaders who had burned their transports on effecting a landing , in order to render it more indispensable to conquer ; but for a nation that intended to send assistance to omit providing transports , was the strangest proceeding ever known , and remained for the invention of the hon . gentlemen opposite to find out . in explanation , said , he spoke particularly of transport tonnage immediately disposable for service , of which the late government had left more than it had received . No coppered ships had been refused ; none had been discharged . He admitted that aid to Sweden might have Nerved Russia and Prussia . But what he complained of was the difference in the statements . The contingency could not come on without notice of its approach , unless the late ministers should have been surprised , as the present ministers admitted they were , by the events on the continent . defended the late ministers against the charge of holding forth expectations , and failing to fulfil them . If the expectations were held forth by our ministers to the court of Sweden , or our ministers to the other sovereigns , where were the instructions they had to do so ? It was desirable that all the papers relating to the 1080 subject should be produced , and he saw no reason why they should not , as no inconvenience could arise from the publication of them as matters now stood on the continent . asserted , that by the confession of the hon . gentlemen opposite , expectations had been entertained by the continental powers of assistance from this country . He had not admitted that the contingency had not arisen . It might be his opinion that it had arisen , but he put it hypothetically , whether it had or not , the late ministers had made no preparations for it . If , therefore , the contingency had arisen , they did not keep themselves in such a situation as to enable them to fulfil their promises . in explanation , contended that no expectations had been held out , even upon the sheaving of the other side , which had not been performed . What then became of the exaggerated expectations and disappointments about which so much had been said ? observed , that if an additional sum was wanting , it might be in contemplation of a possible dispute with America , and insisted that if this country should be forced to a war with America , the late ministers had by