must be a lower order , and the better informed they were , the better they would be . There would be no need of the hon . gent . 's 802 examination . The thing would settle self . With respect to the arguments about the absence of country gentlemen , and the . thinness of the attendance , they had no weight whatever with him . There were questions which interested the passions of men , on which there would be a great attendance ; there were others of the last importance , of which he considered the present as one , on which the attendance would always be thin . He meant to persevere , in order to have a decision on the grand principle , and he . would not put off the matter when there were occurrences arising day after day fully sufficient to occupy the time that could be spared on any future occasion . If the matter was not considered when it was fresh in the mind , it would not be considered at all . All the arguments for postponing it were therefore futile in the highest degree . If the matter were to lie over for ten years , it would not be considered till it was pressed forward . What he wanted at present was to have this grand question decided , `` whether it was proper that education should be diffused among the lower classes , or not ? '' That the principle was sound , he was convinced ; whether the country was ripe for it , was another question . That it would be adopted some time or other , he had no doubt ; if it was rejected at present , he could only conclude that the country was not yet ripe for it . As to the abolition of the poor-rates , that was at present out of the question . As to the expence of education , it was stated by many at a great deal more than it would actually amount to . All the lower orders had an education of some sort , good or bad . It had been said that it might be as well to teach them to play on the fiddle , or to be skilful boxers . This practice of boxing , by-the-bye , as a mode of settling differences , he thought ought not to be discouraged , because it was much better than the stiletto . But a fiddler or boxer would not be the worse for being able to write and read . At St. Giles 's there was an education ; children were taught to pick pockets , and to go on from one degree of dexterity in wickedness to another , till they came to the gallows ; and most of the unhappy creatures who perished there , were such as were unable to read or write . He adverted to the too great severity of our criminal code , which he was convinced had not the effect of diminishing the number of crimes . Among the-society called Quakers , crime was almost unknown , and 803 this was accounted for by their being education in their earliest years . The expence here would be greater , it was said , than in Scotland . But Scotland was not so large nor so opulent . He denied that the people , if generally educated , would be averse to continue at the plough . On the contrary , the ground would be better tilled , masters better served , & c. The hon . gent . then replied to the argument about their reading political pamphlets . When a riotous mob was assembled , it was called an illiterate mob . If one man had knowledge , he would have a much better chance of leading a thousand ignorant creatures to mischief , than if they were all so far in formed as to read what might appear on both sides of the question . He then begged the house to look at the situation of Ireland . There the combinations were