excellent theatre . Means of conveyance could easily have been found at any time for that portion of cavalry that would be required in this service . But the contingency on which the aid was to be sent had never arisen . He left it to the house under these circumstances , whether any breach of faith could be imputed to the late government . It was not stated that there was any thing in the official documents left by his noble friend in the department over which he had presided ; it was not stated that any thing had passed in any verbal communication of his noble friend with the ministers of the powers in question , which warranted the expectation of a general military aid on the part of the continental powers , much less any breach of faith in not having sent such aid . Nothing , in fact , had been done in the way of holding forth such aid , except the assurance to Sweden , which turned upon a contingency which had never occurred . He condemned the abrupt prorogation of parliament , at a time when so many measures were pending which required deliberate consideration and discussion . Suspension acts were passed with an indecent rapidity which ought never to be seen , even in the justest exercise of one of the most delicate functions of parliament , All these things , and the large vote of credit , indicated an intention of speedily separating parliament , and separating it for a long time . The house ought to look to the circumstances , and though these circumstances might have arisen from the late dissolution , the ministers whose act that dissolution was could not plead that excuse . was glad that the noble lord had confirmed what he had stated on a former night , so far as that a promise of aid had been held out to Sweden , and that such aid was to have been in cavalry . He did not understand what the noble lord meant , when he asserted that the contingency in which the aid was to have been given , had not occurred . Sweden certainly did think , that the contingency had occurred , and that the occasion was so far gone by , without the fulfilment of our engagement , that material injury had been suffered in consequence . Russia and Prussia also complained , that their interests had suffered materially from the neglect of sending the aid that had been promised . Though the cavalry was the most material part , infantry also was expected . But what entirely wrought the condem- 1077 nation of the late ministers was , that even if the contingency , on which the aid was to have been afforded , had in their own opinions arisen , they were completely disqualified from affording it , a great supply of tonnage being necessary for the conveyance of cavalry , and no such supply existing . called upon the house to observe the different statements of the hon . gentlemen when they made their first attack , and afterwards when they were pressed by facts . He appealed to the house , whether the right hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Secretary Canning ) had not on a former night asserted , that when he came into office he was assailed by pressing solicitations and remonstrances from every quarter for military aid , the promise of which had been held forth . Now , it appeared that such a promise had been held forth to Sweden alone , and even that was incidental . It might be said , to be sure , that the remaining allied powers were cramped in their operations , in consequence of this aid being withheld from Sweden , and of that power being disabled from creating the intended diversion . That , perhaps , might literally make good the accusation brought by the right hon . gent . ; but it was very far indeed from making it good in the spirit in which it had been urged by the right