meet real emergencies ; they were always calling out emergencies , and resorting to expedients to meet them . But these expedients could not always answer , and they were attended with this mischief , that they exhausted the country , and by that means destroyed the materials on which a permanent measure would have to work . supported the bill . It was highly necessary to increase the force of the country , for now that Buonaparte had been so successful on the continent , he would be induced to attempt achievements to which even his bold spirit had not hitherto prompted him . said , his hon . and learned friend ( Dr. Laurence ) had been mistaken and mis-stated as well as himself , and both had been charged with uttering opinions that the country was in no danger . They had never said so ; but had only contended that ministers had not shewn an emergency which required that this particular measure should be resorted to . The first question on this head was , what was the nature of the emergency , and , the next , if the measure now proposed was calculated to meet that emergency ? He denied that it was . It was nothing more than a temporary remedy to guard against a permanent mischief . They ought to look forward , and provide permanent remedies to meet and counteract permanent evils . If they went on in this manner , living from hand to mouth , providing only for the present , and taking no thought for the future , they would come at last to a state in which the present could no longer be provided for . They might safely neglect the future as long as it was future , but they should recollect , that what was future would in time become present . His own measure was on the contrary calculated to provide a permanent force , to meet a danger which was equally permanent , and to operate at all times the defence of the country . Those temporary expedients only placed the country in the situation of a person who was supported by drams and cordials , which , however they might give an apparent increase of animal spirits , must in the end destroy his health , constitution , and life . This measure professed to make an addition in the course of 12 months , and to provide a force of 40,000 men , and immediately to obtain 28,000 men by a transfer from the militia to the army ; but this was a fallacious way of reckoning , for in 1044 * respect to the transfer if one service gained , the other lost so many , and when they reckoned on those they would gain by the ballot , they would take into the account those they would lose by recruiting , which this measure would cut up entirely . He concluded by desiring to impress upon the recollection of the house , the debate of this night , and the project now to be substituted upon mere speculation , in place of another which had been found effective , was not allowed time for fair experiment ; but which had , in the last 3 months , produced at the rate of 24,000 men per annum , and must in every moral certainty improve , nay , perhaps , double its operation in another year , while the present measure would operate effectively in the first instance , but exhaust the sources of future strength . The house would find , when next called on for the annual supply of the public force , that this measure would fail , and destroy , in one way , the strength it produced in another . replied in support of his bill , which he said would in six months add a force to the army of the country , which the right hon . gent . 's plan would not have added in six years ; for it was only calculated to feed the ordinary deficiencies by casualty , to