we must assuredly look upon it as a hollow and insecure peace , as a mere truce which the enemy will be ready to break , whenever he can see an opportunity of taking us unawares . But , with the institution that has been sketched , we never can be unprepared to meet an invader . Whether therefore we look to the continuance of war , or whether we may hope for peace , it is of equal importance that we should establish our defence on a system of this kind ; a system of permanent efficacy , commensurate with the prospects that are before us , of a long period of unabated danger.—It is not perhaps the least of the recommendations of this proposal , that it will render it possible for us to make peace with a prospect of security . If a peace should be made , we have no reason to suppose that our enemy will abandon his views of conquest , or relinquish his naval preparations . His means of making a successful invasion will be continually on the increase ; and an interval of peace will only enable him to augment his naval force with the greater rapidity . On this account many persons , who on general principles are sincere friends of peace , are now advocates for the continuance of war , as being , under our present circumstances , absolutely necessary for our immediate safety . If however we adopt the system which has been proposed , our means of meeting invasion will also be on the increase ; and whatever addition our enemy may be able to make , during an interval of peace , to his naval power and his means of attack , we shall be able fully to keep pace with him in the improvement of our means of defence by land . Being thus under no danger of losing in our relative strength during an interval of peace , or of being obliged to renew the war under circumstances of greater disadvantage , in the comparative state of our own force and that of our enemies , the obstacles which now stand in the way of peace , will be in a great measure removed . We may then conclude a peace , with the prospect of undiminished security , and therefore with a prospect of permanence . Perhaps , indeed , if such a system as that now proposed , had been established ten years ago , Europe might have been spared the whole of the present war , and all its disastrous consequences . Our rupture with France might have been avoided , if our internal situation had been such , as 1144 both to deter the enemy from hostile designs , and to enable our own government to entertain a confidence in our means of defence . Soon after the rupture it was emphatically observed , that we were at war because we could not be at peace . But if our means of defence in the year 1803 had been such as the system now proposed might soon establish , we should not have been under the necessity of resorting to measures of hostility , with a view to our immediate security ; neither would the enemy have been disposed to give the provocations which he did , to a power in a contest with which , he could have entertained but little hope of any great or signal success.—When I compare the system which I have now ventured to propose , either in its immediate or its more remote effects , with the measure which has been brought forward by his majesty 's ministers , I can scarcely imagine non there can be a doubt in deciding between them , or how your lordships can be satisfied , in such a crisis as the present , with a mere temporary expedient for making a small addition to our regular force : nor is it easy to comprehend on what principle his majesty 's ministers can hesitate to adept this or some other plan of equal efficacy , if it be