ministers candidly stated to the Catholic part of them at once , that beyond a certain point they could not concede , they would have been more pleased and satisfied with it , than with the line of proceeding they had thought proper to adopt . With respect to the conduct of his majesty , with regard to that great question , if ever the public opinion in this country was clearly pronounced , it was pronounced upon that occasion . There were some political considerations with respect to the empire , which should be immutable , and not subject to variation as subordinate laws ; such were its religion and its constitution . The question was then put , and a division took place , when there appeared , for the amendment— Contents 56 Not Contents 131 Proxies 11 29 67 160 Majority for the Original Address 93 List of the Minority . Duke of Gloucester Earl of Clanricarde Grafton Conyingham St.Alban 's Lauderdale Devon Darnley Bedford Moira Argyll Besborough 608 Marquis of Winchester Ossory Stafford Viscount Hereford Headfort Anson Earl of Derby Baron De Clifford Suffolk Say and Sele Thanet St. John Essex King Searborough Monson Albermarle Blandford Jersey Stawell Cholmondeley Holland Tankerville Southampton Cowper Foley Shaftsbury Hawke Fitzwilliam Somers Guildford Braybroke Hardwicke Grenville Spencer Auckland Leicester Dundas Grosvenor Yarborough Fortescue Cawdor Dorchester Carrington Carnarvon Lilford St.Vincent Clifden Rosslyn Erskine Oxford Ponsonby Breadalbane Bishop of Oxford Lucan then acquainted the house , that that house had been in the house of peers , where the lords authorised by his majesty 's commission had delivered a speech to both houses of parliament , of which , to prevent mistakes , he had obtained a copy . ( See p. 577 ) —After the Speaker had read the speech , and addressed the house as follows : —In rising , sir , to move an Address of thanks to his majesty for his most 609 gracious Speech from the throne , I can not but feel a considerable degree of solicitude and embarrassment , from the apprehension of my not being able to acquit myself as ought , in the arduous task I have undertaken . Conscious as I am , that I have but little pretensions to warrant me in such an act of presumption , as that of troubling this house with my sentiments , I feel more peculiarly the force of this difficulty , when I have to address you on a question , which may probably occasion a very important am interesting discussion . This consideration sir , would have prompted me to decline the honor I now have of presenting myself to your notice , had I not been encouraged by this indulgence uniformly shewn by this house to every gentleman who has offered himself under similar circumstances . With this impression on my mind , I shall not , sir presume to trespass long on the patience of the house , while I beg leave to call its attention to the leading points of his majesty 's most gracious speech , and to request its concurrence in the address of thanks I shall have the honour to move . It is unnecessary for me , sir , to enter at any length into the circumstances which led to the dissolution of the last parliament , as those circumstance have repeatedly been discussed in this house , and are now become the subject of public notoriety . I am the more disposed to avoid any such discussion , as it must necessarily involve points on which I am aware there is a great difference of opinion . His majesty has , in his wisdom , thought it expedient to avail himself of the only constitutional mode of collecting the sense of his people , by dissolving the late parliament , and by calling that which is now convened . By this measure , this house is now become the organ of expressing the public opinion ; and I trust we shall , if not by our unanimous vote this night , at least by a considerable majority , prove , not only our affectionate attachment