the issue of the last campaign . But the right hon . gent . hedged in some contingencies which might have retarded or retrieved the otherwise inevitable disaster . One thing , however , was sufficient to prove that there was no hope to be entertained from Russia . Driven back as she was to her frontier , if she felt still under a necessity of avoiding a general engagement , her case was absolutely hopeless . If there were from the beginning , persons who entertained hopes of success , where he confessed he saw no prospect , exaggerated as every little advantage on the side of Russia was , and extenuated as were the successes of France ; if in such a situation , no prospect of success was seen , except in avoiding a general engagement , all hope was gone . Then , it was said that lord Hutchinson had intimated , that there was an impression that British aid would be afforded on the continent . He asked the right hon . gent . whether , when the contest broke out between France and Prussia , the latter was not at war with Great Britain for Hanover , which she refused to give up , except it should be wrested from her by force of arms . This was in November . Then , what possibility was there , even if it should be expedient to send a British force , to dispatch that force before the change in administration ? He for one thought it inexpedient to send a British force . For , if Russia , drawn to her frontiers , could not make a stand there , no possible aid that British troops could give , would avail . The right hon . gent . then said , that when the present ministers came into office they found no means of carrying their views of continental co-operation into effect . They came into office in April , when they immediately felt the necessity of sending military aid to Prussia , and of increasing the 1033 Swedish subsidy . It was not till the middle of June , however , that they had collected transports , and even then they were collected for a different service . Now , they had embarked upwards of 28,000 men in a fortnight . If that could be done in July , why might it not have been done in April ? When the urgency of the occasion was felt from the outset , why was not the aid prompt in proportion ? He saw a great military character ( general Tarleton ) on the opposite benches , and he should be glad to hear what he called his military ideas on this point . If the preparations , the want of which was now complained of , had been kept up , 40,000l . a month would have continued to be paid for transports , and the expedition would not have sailed sooner ; whereas it was now found that when troops were ready , transports could be collected at a moment 's warning . This went to justify the late administration , as far as facts could go . said , the hon , gent . had touched on points which would render it necessary for him to go more at length into the subject in debate , than he should otherwise have been disposed to do . The hon . gent . in the independent comments which he was very properly in the habit of exercising , had on this occasion glanced on matters , the consideration of which could not be very favourable to his right hon friends . He denied that by the mere accident of being at war with Prussia at the time the government of this country was justified in omitting to prepare to wart off the blow , which sound policy would never warrant it in suffering to fall upon Prussia . During the whole period in which the late ministers had suffered themselves to be made dupes at Paris , in negociations in which all the principles that