their lenity , and too strong a bias for conciliation , given occasion to it , since they had treated with a pistol at their breasts . They ought to have insisted , in the first instance , that the Non-importation act should be repealed . If we should have a war with America , then , it was owing to their own concessions , and how could they oppose a grant which had arisen out of their own misconduct ? Another reason for the enlarged credit might be the expences of the volunteer force . He hoped that this force would be put upon a more effective footing ; that measures would be adoped for their better organization and discipline . We could not do without them , and it was requisite that we should have them in as perfect a state as possible . The country looked for this—the volunteers themselves looked for it , and what he meant was some further authority to the officers , and encouragement to the men . He also thought the Training bill ought to be put in execution with all possible dispatch , for he considered the object of that bill as a sort of basket in a stage-coach . It had been said on the other side , that insinuations had been thrown out against them . Of all things that he had heard from ministers against their predecessors , it had been most unlike insinuation , 1081 It was directly charged that certain expectations had been raised in certain powers of the continent , that assistance was promised on a certain contingency , and if that contingency had happened , it was manifest from the state in which the transport service had been left , that the promise could not have been fulfilled . He did not say that it certainly appeared that the contingency had happened , although it appeared to be the opinion of some , that the contingency had happened ; but at all events this was positively asserted , that in case the contingency had occurred , there were no means of carrying the promise into effect.—When the situation of the country was considered , however , he hoped that all party differences would be laid aside , and that unanimity would every where prevail . With regard to peace he should approve of it , if procured on any conditions that would not compromise the honour and the security of the country . It had been said that France would have an opportunity of extending her preparations in time of peace , and that peace therefore was peculiarly dangerous . He considered this as absurd and ridiculous . Whatever advantages France could derive from peace , he was confident that this country would derive equal , if not superior advantages from it . If France should have resources in peace , we would have them also , at least in an equal degree ; and therefore , he was of opinion that there could be no danger to us from peace upon that score . adverted to the outcry that had been raised some time ago about the want of employment for our shipping , which he considered as inconsistent with the present deliberations of ministers . They now seemed to intimate that it was impossible to procure shipping for a three months voyage at a short warning . Was this consistent with their former assertions ? With regard to the promises that were said to be made to foreign powers , it appeared now that they had dwindled down to expectations on the part of our allies on the continent . This statement of expectations entertained on the other side of the water , were certainly very far from supporting the allegation of promises made on a former occasion . maintained , that the statement of the ship owners , with respect to the shipping interest , had been perfectly correct , and that it was not inconsistent with the allegations , that transports could not be procured at a moment 's warning . What his noble friend had said was , that