did not think it advisable ultimately to adopt it , and without a prospect of ultimate adoption it would perhaps be useless labour to improve the plan . vindicated the criminal code by the many instances of the royal mercy that appeared on different occasions . said , that the instances of the royal mercy were the best proof of what he had said . contended , that the code was sanguinary , and that experience had shewn that capital punishment could not annihilate the crime of forgery . He contended , that the commutation of death , the effect of which was momentary , to some other punishment , under a-prolonged life of labour and degradation , would be much more effectual than the gallows.—The gallery was then cleared ; but it was agreed that the bill should be read a second time without a division . When strangers were admitted , spoke in favour of going into the committee , but he thought compulsory education unadviseable , when voluntary education was every-where establishing itself so extensively . saw no good that could arise from going into a committee , and therefore opposed the speaker 's leaving the chair , on the same grounds that he had objected to the second reading . informed the house , that he had been instructed by the magistrates of a very large and populous city to oppose the bill ; in fact , he had reason to suppose that the majority of the magistrates and other principal inhabitants throughout the north of England were averse to the measure . The opposition which the hon . member made to the bill , he rested principally on the ground of the difficulty which existed as to our obtaining a sufficient number of schoolmasters , and on the impracticability of compulsory education . expressed his difference in opinion from those gentlemen who apprehended that danger might result from carrying the education of the lower orders too far , as they expressed it . The measure which was then before the house went no farther than barely to furnish youth who were destitute of all other means , with a certain source of obtaining a very plain and limited education . The magistrates in the north objected to this measure , he understood , on an apprehension that they would be compelled to erect schools , and go to other expence , which would be in many parts unnecessary , as they already possessed within themselves sufficient means of education for the children of the poor in that part of the country . It was to be observed , however , that there was a clause in the bill expressly for the purpose of pre 806 venting the extension of its operations to places in which there might be already establishments formed adequate to the purposes of the bill . If it should be , however , that the bill was not sufficiently strong in that respect , any emendation on that head would be best effected when the bill should be in a committee.—Mr . Whitbread and Mr. D. Giddy said a few words in explanation , after which , the house divided ; when the numbers were , For going into a committee 47 Against it 13 Majority 34 —The bill was then committed for the 21st instant . Their lordships went into a committee on this bill , in which lord Holland read an amendment , which he proposed to substitute for the preamble . It was his lordship 's object to place the indemnity in what he regarded as its true light , and to shew that such a proceeding was a matter of more serious importance than was generally apprehended . The amendment referred to the navigation act , the tonnage , and poundage , and recited that part of the bill of rights which relates to breaches of the law by the crown , and raising money without the sanction of parliament ; and quoted the act of commerce with America , and the order of council in May last , in order to shew the ground on which the