degree , of reform ; and that such reform , though many years in contemplation , was still not carried into effect . Probably , if he should omit to bring the matter before the house now , it would remain still to be said , after the lapse of some more years , that the reform was under consideration.——After some further observations from the secretary at war , who said the saving even on the clothing , would not be so considerable as some expected ; Mr. Windham who said , it was not so much to saving he looked , as to correcting the incongruity of making the colonels clothiers ; and Mr. Huskisson , who said that only a small proportion of the 813 20,000,000l . expended on the army , went through the hands of the agents , the whole sum that could with possibility be retrenched in this department , being at the utn.ost 67,000l . ; the papers were ordered . moved the order of the day for going into a committee on the bill for the appropriation of the Sinking Fund . He would reserve his observations till he should have heard the sentiments of the right hon . gent . opposite . contended , that it was improper and unnecessary to adopt this measure , or to come to any resolution upon it in the present session . He allowed that great benefit had been derived from the pause in taxation introduced with this measure ; but , in considering the further adoption of that repose in any future session , it would be proper to consider how far it was checked by being burthened with an increased Sinking Fund of five per cent . The measure had been already adopted so far as was requisite for the ways and means of this year . What it would be fit to do at a future period , would be best determined by future circumstances . This measure proposed to compel the public creditor to receive an advanced sinking fund on a small part of the debt now , as a consideration for being deprived of the growing accumulation of the whole sinking fund at a future period . By the act of 1792 , it was provided , that unless parliament should establish other funds to pay the public debt , at farthest in 45 years , one per cent . should be set aside for that purpose at the Exchequer , so that it must be paid , at all events , in 45 years . The present measure , therefore , in making an arrangement to pay off the debt in 45 years . gave the public creditor the very worst repayment that by law he was entitled to . The precedent of lord Sidmouth 's interference with the Sinking Fund , by no means went to bear out this measure . When lord Sidmouth , in funding 97,000,000l . at the close of the last war , made a new arrangement of the Sinking Fund , taking advantage of its produce for that time for the immediate exigency , the public creditor was compensated by giving up the surplus over 4,000,000l . a year , which would become applicable to the current service in 1808 . Here there was no compensation whatsoever . He entered into a variety of statements to prove , that , by the plan of the noble lord , the most distinct disadvantage would accrue to the public , if they could allow themselves to be deluded by it . He 814 deeply regretted that the expectation had been raised in the country , that during the period of war no greater annual loan would be required than 11 millions , an expectation which there was not the slightest possibility of being realized . He concluded by hoping that the house would not come to any decision on the subject , but leave it in an unprejudged state for the consideration of another session . replied to the chancellor of the exchequer , and asked , how he could call upon the house to defer