be for the good of the united kingdom in general , and Ireland in particular , and he should be ready to give it every support in his power . He denied that the right hon . gent . was correct in saying , that ever since the union the interests of Ireland had been treated with indifference . He knew that the house would be eager at all times to shew every attention to the state of that part of the country without the necessity of any pledge on the subject . He should therefore forbear from introducing any unprofitable discussion on the present occasion , but should content himself with moving the previous question . began by observing that he was glad that the present question had excited so great a portion of the public attention , because it she wed that the people of this country were not indifferent to the common cause . Ireland was linked to that cause , and every thing which related to Ireland naturally excited the public interest . It was the cause , not of Ireland only , but of the two islands together ; the greatness , that is , the being of this great empire , was identified with the cordial co-operation of Ireland , and every question that related to the one , naturally involved the dearest interests of the other . With regard to the term of the Insurrection bill , he had certainly voted for the shorter period , and he still believed that it would have been more wise to confine within as narrow limits as possible , the period of the suspension of the British constitution . This much he said in confirmation of the assertion of his right hon . friend ( Mr. Sheridan ) , who had , on that night , re-asserted his claim to the due applause of past times , and the disinterested admiration of impartial posterity . He had fought a good fight in the cause of Ireland ; he had evinced a statesman 's firmness and a patriot 's love , and his display in the cause of 1202 his native country , was not the less luminous , because a commendable moderation served to augment its splendour and invigorate its force . He ( Mr. Grattan ) approved of that moderation , and approved of the sentiment—it was not in the sentiment he differed from his right hon . friend—no , far from it ; he heartily coincided with him in the sentiment ; it was in the application of that sentiment that he had the misfortune to differ from him . In the first place , he could not agree with his right hon . friend , that there were no just grounds for the passing of the two bills , the Irish Arms bill , and the Irish Insurrection bill , which had been enacted by parliament . His right hon . friend had said , that there was no just ground for passing the Insurrection bill , and yet had not his right hon . friend admitted that there was a French party in Ireland ? He did more , he said that there had been ever a French party in Ireland . He allowed the justice of that statement ; but he begged the house , and his right hon . friend , to recollect , that there was a very great difference between a party that had existed , and a party that now existed , and not only that , but there was also a great difference in the times , and now that France was become such a gigantic power , and a French party existed in Ireland , that was alone , in his opinion , a good reason for adopting a strong measure . There might be times when the common law of the land was by no means sufficient for the safety and security of the country ; and when that was the case , strong measures must be resorted to . He did not mean to say that the people of Ireland were in general