magistrates to arrest persons who should be found out of their dwellings between sun setting and sun rising ; but , in order to prevent hardships to the subjects , the bill required that persons so arrested should be tried at the quarter sessions , by the magistrates and assistant barrister , assisted by a king 's counsel , a serjeant specially sent down for that purpose . Besides this bill , he meant to move for leave to bring in another to prevent improper persons from keeping arms , by obliging all persons to register their arms , and authorising the magistrates to search for arms . These bills had been prepared by his predecessor , and the only difference was , that the bill of his predecessor gave a negative to the king 's counsel or serjeant , which he proposed to take from him , as it appeared to him that such a negative would render the measure nugatory . He meant , however , to substitute a clause , which should , in case of any difference between the serjeant and the bench , suspend the execution of the decision of the magistrates , till the serjeant should 752 * have reported the matter to the lord lieutenant . wished to know what was to be the duration of the bill ? proposed 7 years , but his mind was not yet made up on that head . had asked the question , because he thought that the shortest possible duration should be given to bills which created such extraordinary powers . agreed with the hon . bart . that 7 years would be too long a period , for which to enact the bill . was concerned that a bill of that nature should be necessary . But this and every other such bill was a violent measure , and against the principles of the constitution . The period of such measures ought to be short , in order to shew to the people that they had at least a reversionary interest in the constitution . These measures could only be justified by an imperious necessity . viewed this question in a very different light from his friends on the bench near him . His right hon . friend had said , that the measure could only be justified by an imperious necessity ; now , it was that necessity which he wished to have clearly made out to exist before the measure was resorted to . It was no answer to him that the measure had been prepared by his friends . If it had , the Threshers were then engaged in their disturbances and administering unlawful oaths . Ireland was now on the contrary as loyally tranquil as any part of the empire . thought that the measure had never been , and ought not to be , enacted for so long a period as 7 years . He found himself in different circumstances from his right hon . friend as to the measure ; for he must look upon it as necessary , inasmuch as the committee of both lords and commons on both sides had agreed upon that point.—Leave was then given to bring in the bill , as also a bill to prevent improper persons from having arms in Ireland . rose and observed , that he had attended the house for two days past , in the expectation of seeing in his place a noble lord , whose official situation enabled him to answer a question he wished to put . He was desirous of knowing , whether it was the intention of his majesty 's government to pro- 753 pose , during this session of parliament , any measure connected with the Defence of the Country . He had it in view to call their lordships ? attention to this subject , independent of any reference to recent events ; but the information which had just been received , rendered its consideration more indispensible . It was his wish to be informed , whether his majesty 's ministers intended to carry into full execution the acts already passed