diminution of the number of persons in the hospitals , they might have a mean of estimating the advantages of this important discovery . On all these grounds , he would move the committee , `` That a sum , not exceeding 10,000l . be granted to his majesty , to be paid to doctor Edward Jenner , as a further reward for promulgating his discovery of the Vaccine Inoculation , by which a mild , efficacious , and not contagious mode of superseding that dreadful malady the Small-Pox is established ; and that the same be issued and paid without any fee or other deduction whatsoever . '' declared it was with extreme regret he opposed the motion . He entertained for Dr. Jenner the most sincere respect , yet he could not think that this was a period for disposing of 10,000l . where it appeared by the Report of the college of physicians , which spewed that in 50 or 60 instances , at least , the plan had not succeeded , that , at the least , it was not infallible . The late period of the session , when so many members were necessarily out of town , was also a sufficient reason with him for withholding his approbation to the proposed motion . It had been said that Dr. Jenner had discovered the invention for which a reward was now sought to be conferred . He begged , however , to state that a similar practice had been entertained in Dorsetshire since the year 1777. contended , that infallibility ought not to be made the test of great discoveries , which ought rather to be estimated by general averages . He was disposed to go farther than the right hon . chancellor of the exchequer , though he should not take upon him to make any spe- 1010 cific proposition to the committee . There was no standard , whereby a great public discovery could be estimated , that would not enhance the value of Dr. Jenner 's discovery , if tried by it . If considered with reference to the national benefits resulting from it—to the advantages that he might have derived from his discovery , if he had not published it to the world—to the effect it had in raising the fame , the honour , and the character of the country—there was no standard for estimating the merit of any public discovery under which Dr. Jenner would not have a peculiar claim upon the gratitude and liberality of the house . It appeared by the Report , that the deaths by the small-pox had increased since the discovery ; and though he should not wish to use any an compulsion , or to interfere with the liberty that all persons should have , to act as they thought most adviseable for their own health , or for that of their family , still he was of opinion , that persons who preferred the inoculation for the small-pox , should not be allowed to endanger the health of others . Such persons , in his opinion , ought to be confined to their houses whilst affected by the disease , and not suffered to spread infection through the community . If any proof were wanted of the value of the discovery , it would be found in the ready reception which it had met with from all nations , even the least enlightened of Asia , where prejudices were most deeply rooted . It was highly gratifying too to witness the zeal with which the gentlemen of the medical profession , not only in the metropolis , but in all parts of the country , had promoted the interests of humanity , by adopting and acting upon this important discovery . bore testimony to the value of the discovery , from the number of the military whose lives had been saved by it . It was , besides , an important circumstance , that the troops on recovery might leave their barracks , and others succeed them without any danger of infection . Military men were said to be most fond of