Nothing could be so gratifying , as to be called unanimously to a station so arduous and so exalted , after so full a trial . The silent assent of the house would have been perhaps sufficient to mark its according approbation . But , from the express and declared concurrence of persons , who were not in other instances likely to agree , the most unequivocal sanction of universal approbation was given . Thus , however , in the frequent changes of administration that had lately taken place , the minds of men might differ , as to those who might be best qualified to hold the reins of government in the country , there was no doubt any where that the chair of that house could by no other person be so well filled as by its present holder . Conscious that he must fall infinitely short of giving an adequate description either of his own feelings , or of those which the house entertained upon the present occasion , he should conclude with moving , that this house do now adjourn.—The question being put from the chair , the house adjourned accordingly . —Mr . Abbot , the lords appointed by his majesty 's commission , have it in command from his majesty , to signify , that his majesty , fully persuaded Of the wisdom and prudence of his faithful commons , is perfectly satisfied with the choice they have made , and convinced of your ample and tried sufficiency to execute all the duties of that office . We , therefore , by the authority of his majesty 's commission , do allow and confirm the choice they have made of you as their Speaker —My lords , I feel deeply penetrated with gratitude for this fresh mark of his majesty 's grace and favour , which I receive with all due humility and resignation . It now becomes my duty , in the name and in behalf of the commons to lay claim to all their ancient and undoubted rights and privileges , to which , by the usage of the constitution of parliament , they are entitled ; more especially that their persons , servants , and estates , be free from arrest and molestation ; that they may enjoy liberty of speech in their debates ; and have free access to his majesty 's royal person , whenever occasion may require ; and that all their proceedings may receive from his majesty the most favourable construction ; and that , where any involuntary errors may seem to have been incurred , the blame , I hope , will be wholly imputed to myself . —Mr . Speaker , We have it in command from his majesty to say , that his majesty allows and confirms to his faithful commons , all those immunities and privileges they claim , and that in as full and ample a manner as they have hitherto been granted and allowed by his majesty , or by any of his royal predecessors . As to any apprehension you may entertain of incurring any errors , we are commanded to inform you , that his majesty sees no ground for any such apprehensions ; and that consequently , we may moreover acquaint you , that any thing coming from you or his majesty 's faithful commons , will receive from his majesty the most favourable interpretation.—The Commons then withdrew , and the commissioners retired to unrobe . After which the clerk proceeded to swear in the Peers . addressed the house as follows : —I have to acquaint the house , that I have been in the house of lords , where his majesty , by his royal commission , has been graciously pleased to approve and confirm the choice of this house , in the election they have made of me , to be their Speaker ; and that I there laid claim , by humble petition to his majesty , for all our ancient and undoubted rights , in regard to the privileges of this house ; and more especially , safety from arrest and all molestation