length into this part of the subject . According to him , not the introduction alone of the measure which had been alluded to , but its introduction and subsequent abandonment , had necessarily demanded the exercise of the prerogative , as exemplified in the dissolution . For himself , he confessed , that he had scarcely as yet recovered from the astonishment which that measure had occasioned . Had it been adopted by any . other administration than the present , he could not have accounted for it on any principle of public security or national welfare ; but coming from the gentlemen opposite , it was indeed extraordinary ! Not a long , time had elapsed since parliament was before dissolved . On that occasion the house had heard a great number of observations from the gentlemen opposite . If human imagination , had , been tortured to devise , a combination of circumstances , which 616 should expose this prerogative of the crown to all the objections that had been then urged against it , it could not have been more successful than in the present instance . The hon . gent . reprehended the dissolution of parliament after it had been sitting four years ; they themselves dissolved a parliament after it had been assembled only four months . The hon . gent . opposite censured the dissolution which took place at the end of a session ; they themselves dissolved parliament in the middle of a session . The hon . gent . opposite had complained of undue influence having been exerted against them ; they themselves had exercised an influence not in the detail , but in wholesale , and such as they ought to have been ashamed of . Unless parliament were to say at once , that the prerogatives of the crown ought to be curtailed , and that parliament should be rendered permanent , it could , never be contended that any dissolution was better timed than that which took place under his majesty 's late ministers . At the end of a negotiation which left little hope of a peace , it was surely adviseable to shew the enemy and the allies of the country , that the king , the parliament and the people , were determined to unite in withstanding all the efforts of an unrelenting enemy . Never did greater unanimity prevail than on that occasion , interrupted only by those personal and local differences , which every general election must necessarily produce , But the hon . gent . opposite , by the dissolution which they advised , had created an infinity of public and private inconveniences ; they had produced the utmost disunion , and instead of uniting the people , they had , as far as in them lay , kindled religious animosities , set man against man , and brother against brother : they had set the people of Ireland against the people of England , by shewing the great body of the Irish that the English were unfavourable to their claims . Such conduct would be at any time criminal ; but when it was considered , with reference to the necessity that existed for making a due impression on our allies , it became still more so . Could this be denied ? Let the house look at the state of the public business when parliament was dissolved . In the first place , there were in the last session a greater number of private bills , tending to improve the agriculture , increase the manufactures , and extend the commerce of the country , than in any former parliament . Those bills , by the regulations which he ( lord Howick ) had 617 had the honour to propose , under the advice of the highest authority in that house , had been brought almost to the last stage . On the 27th of April , the dissolution took place ; on the 11th of May the reports upon those bills would have been received : the consequence was , that the greater part of the expenses attending them had