policy of the agreement , for that had been determined and acted on , and the repairs had been done . The Treasury , therefore , gave its authority , though sensible of the disadvantage of the terms . In every instance of this sort a jury gave a large compensation , and so it ought to do , where the one party had no choice . It fell to his lot as secretary to the treasury , to communicate the determination to the Barrack-Board ; but the object was not to execute the lease , for that had been done already . Some of the gentlemen on the other side must know the course of the Treasury . He was answerable for any mistake in the letter , but when he had to sign so many , it was not surprising that a mistake should have occurred in one , which it was not thought required any very minute attention . The letter ought not to have alluded to repairs at all , and the gentlemen must have known that the letter admitted of a different construction from what they had put upon it , Having stated this , he left it to the house to judge of the fairness of their proceedings . He would ask the noble lord ( H. Petty ) , whether he had found that he had ever been apt to make use of his official situation to serve his friends particularly ? The charge against him was false , foul , and scandalous , and he had only to say that he had much rather be the object of it than the author . considered the bargain as highly advantageous to the hon . baronet , and ruinous to the public , and therefore contended that the matter should be inquired into . It appeared to him also objectionable , that the hon . baronet , in justifying himself , seemed to impute blame to the Military Commissioners . He did not mean to say that the hon . baronet intended to do so ; but the consequence that would follow from his statement was , that the commissioners did not understand the transaction . The compensation of 1300l . awarded by the jury for the first year for thirty acres , amounted to the fee simple of the land . The hon . and learned gent . made some further observations on the terms of the bargain , and contended that the matter should be enquired into . It was desirable , particularly at this moment , to show that the reports of these commissioners were deserving of credit , When they had made so small a progress in the subjects they had to investigate . He knew the commissioners to be men of as much honesty , integrity , and principle , as any gentle- 680 men in that house , and was sure they had no intention to make any unfavourable report against the hon . baronet . When the matter should again be brought before the house , he hoped the hon . baronet would be prepared to explain , why no person , had attended on the part of the crown , to take care of the interests of the public , He was much misinformed , or it was the duty of the person who was counsel to the Board of Ordnance , to attend under the defence act , upon such occasions , if directed . This explanation would relieve his mind from a suspicion , not of the hon . baronet , but of the negligence of the public boards . approved in warm terms of the candid statement made by his hon . friend . He did think it an ingenusous statement , and he hoped that the gentlemen who were so ready to charge would prove equally ingenuous in their own defence when called upon under any circumstances that might hereafter arise to vindicate themselves . He censured the manner in which the calumnies of the daily publications had been sanctioned by the authority of the noble lord ( Howick ) , and