Mr Fox , and Mr. Burke , three men , whose talents , whose wisdom , and whose experience , were as great , or perhaps greater , than those of any triumvirate that ever existed . The present government was composed of the followers of Mr. Pitt , and therefore the hon . gent . had cast a censure on the living as well as on the dead . For his part , when he called to his mind the former conduct of the individuals of his majesty 's present administration , he could not but wonder , after the cry that they had endeavoured to raise , how they could come down to that house with countenances unbalanced with fear and shame . To speak frankly—for to speak frankly was indispensable at such a crisis as the present—when he recollected the conduct of the learned gent . in 1801 , at which time he did not think any interference in the protestant establishment necessary—when he recollected his conduct in 1801 , on the introduction of a measure much more extensive than that proposed by the late administration , he could not but be persuaded that the learned gent . did not believe in the existence of the dangers , the apprehension of which he had contributed to diffuse . On the same principle , when he recollected the measures which had been recommended by the noble lord opposite ( lord Castlereagh ) as necessary to the tranquility of Ireland ; when he recollected the declaration of that noble 622 lord , that Ireland , could not be governed without some concession of that nature ; when he recollected that the noble lord had pledged himself to the execution of the measure ; that for that pledge he received a valuable consideration ; that by it he was enabled to complete the union of the two kingdoms ; when he recollected these things , and considered the consequences that might have resulted in Ireland from the failure of the measure which he had proposed , his astonishment had not ceased . Serious , indeed , would those consequences have been , had the attempts which had been lately made to infuse into the people of England a rancorous animosity against the catholics of Ireland succeeded ; had they made England a kind of Orange Party against the Irish , and taught the Irish that not trifling difficulties alone stood in the way of their claims , but the general and united opposition of the whole country . By the public declarations and advertisements in all parts of the kingdom , not excepting Northampton , the late administration had been arraigned as personally opposed to the king , and the people were called upon to decide between them and their sovereign . Never before did , a proceeding take place so injurious to the repose even of the royal person himself ! To the sentiments avowed by the present administration , he had three distinct and decided objections . The first , was , that they had declared the unconstitutional doctrine , that the king could act without any adviser ; the second , that they had violated the freedom of election ; indeed , within these few days , similar influence had been endeavoured to be extended to the present question , and it had been asserted , that whoever voted on the address against the wish of the present ministers would vote against his majesty , and bring him to trial : his last objection was , that they had endangered the personal security of the king himself . This was the first time that , his majesty had ever been advised to make a personal appeal to the people ; and however convenient at the moment , it was a precedent which might hereafter lead to the most fatal consequences . If any thing could aggravate the conduct of his majesty 's government , it was that these very men , who before opposed a dissolution at a favourable period should dare to advise his majesty to dissolve parliament in the midst of a session , and