be collected from private sources . I have had many communications on the subject , and I have looked into several valuable books and pamphlets respecting the Irish peasantry , but have been particularly 1197 interested by Mr. Bell 's treatise upon them . It would not require much reading after this book to make gentlemen fully acquainted with the state , habits and character of these poor peasantry , whose sufferings have so long and forcibly appealed to the humanity and justice of the legislature . I have heard it said , and I have always been shocked at the assertion , that the Irish peasantry might be comfortable if they would , if they chose to be industrious ; and that it is idle to attempt any improvement of their condition . It is abominable to hear blame laid on Providence instead of laying it on man . Can any set of men , I would ask , be found who manifest so much of the qualities of which these cruel calumniators would deprive them , as the Irish peasantry ? But they are only calumniated by those men who would degrade them below the level of the human creation , in order to palliate their own inhumanity towards them . We were told in England , that the unhappy Africans were insensible to the ordinary feelings of humanity , in order to render us indifferent to their sufferings , and to the custom of the slave trade . On similar motives the character of the Irish peasantry is so foully misrepresented by some men in this country and in Ireland also . But what palpable evidence do the Irish peasants , wherever you meet them , afford of the falsehood of their slanderers . Can any men exhibit more of enterprise than those peasants , in coming to this country in search of employment , or more of affection for country and family , in returning home with the pittances they earn here ? Is it not manifest to every one of you , that the charge of indisposition to industry can not apply to those poor men , who , in fact , do all the hard work of this metropolis ? When , then , the Irish exhibit such a character in this country , it is impossible that such a difference at home as some gentlemen assert to exist , can proceed from any other than gross misrule . If I were proposing this enquiry in time of profound peace , I should expect your acquiescence in it . But in the difficulties which now surround the country , the claim is , in my mind , irresistible . I know it has been long the hacknied cant , that such and such is the most perilous period the country has ever known . But without any such cant—without any exaggeration whatever , I defy any man to shew me a period in our history so full of peril ; and where shall we look for aid ? I 1198 am sick of continental alliances , of hearing about your magnanimous emperor Alexander , and all the rest of them . When , however , I look at the conduct of that sovereign , triumphing at Petersburgh upon acquisitions of territory plundered from Prussia , her ally , to whom , were he really magnanimous , he ought rather to have given territory , I can not endure the idea of turning to the continent for any thing to confide in for our existence . When I look at France , not as Mr. Burke described it , ' a blank in the map of Europe ; ' but when I see nothing almost but France—when I look to the state of the East Indies , and to that of the West also—I find , indeed , that on Monday you pledged yourselves to enquire into the state of property in those islands , and very properly too ; but when you thus pledge yourselves to enquire as to the property of the West-India planters , is it too much for me to propose