in possession of all the circumstances of the case , and could not therefore make any distinct communication upon the subject . All he should say was , that if , upon receiving the necessary information , it should appear that there was any thing improper or unjustifiable in the conduct of the officer concerned , there certainly would be every wish on the part of his majesty 's minis- 931 ters to make the fullest reparation that the nature of the case would admit of . He was convinced the house would feel , that it would not be just to impute blame in any quarter before a knowledge of all the circumstances of the transaction should afford the means of a fair and impartial judgment . disclaimed any idea of imputing blame to any man , and was glad that he had asked the information , because the answer he had received from the right hon . gent . afforded him great consolation . On the question being put for the second reading of the Militia Transfer bill , rose to oppose the bill . He approved altogether of the system that had been produced last year by the late ministers , and he had expected that the hon . gentlemen opposite had become converts to its merits , and that they would have had the manliness to acknowledge the fact . He called , then , on all the independent gentlemen in that house , to support their own consistency by supporting that system , which they had last year so deliberately and solemnly sanctioned . He had always been a friend to enlistment for a limited period , and he was confirmed in his opinion by the success that had attended its adoption . That system had raised 22,000 men in one year , and would continue to produce more , because the measure would be improving daily and hourly , so as in a short time , to give the country a disposeable force , adequate to every national purpose . The object of the hon . gentlemen opposite was to overturn a system that had proved so beneficial . They proposed to take from the militia , a force best calculated for defence , in order to add to the disposeable force , which was not now wanted.—As to the inspecting field officers appointed to the volunteers , he maintained that they were of no use to the volunteers , because they had no authority over them , and could not put any corps through a single manœuvre , without the order of the colonel . The withdrawing these inspecting field officers would save 40,000l . to the nation , but that was no consideration with the right hon . gentlemen opposite . The late administration had , by their measures respecting the volunteers , effected a saving of 300,000l . to the nation , without rendering that force less efficient . On all these grounds he felt it his duty to oppose the bill under dis- 932 cussion , in every stage , and should therefore move an amendment , `` that the bill be read a second time this day three months . '' also opposed the bill , because it would destroy the militia , and be oppressive to the country . The men that were to be taken from the militia , were to be replaced by the ballot . He did not approve of the measure , which held out encouragement to officers of militia to seek promotion in the line , by the number of men which they could influence to volunteer from the regiments . This would have most injurious effect upon the militia , for which it was at present so difficult to procure proper subaltern officers . In the present critical circumstances of the country , he was very unwilling to oppose any measures that might be deemed necessary , but a sense of duty obliged him to oppose this measure in every stage . If , however , the bill should pass into a law he would not throw any impediment in the way