a French party , and to endeavour to foment a French connection , first by coquetting— but with a certain view to mere ricius in- 923 tercourse . This was the danger he most deprecated , and against the possibility of which he desired to caution that house , and to warn his countrymen . It was not merely by this bill , or any other measure of legal expediency , that this danger was to be avoided , but by that species of parental and friendly treatment which counsels while it restrains , and admonishes while it corrects . He would recommend the gentlemen of that country not at this crisis to content themselves with mere precaution , or rely upon measures of severity and irritation . He counselled them to go personally from hamlet to hamlet , from house to house —to canvass the people for their country , with the same zeal with which they canvassed votes for their elections ; to open their eyes to the danger and ruinous consequence of French connexion ; and to hold out to them the solemn assurance of redress of all their grievances , and the abolition of all invidious distinctions and disabilities on the score of religion . [ Here a cry of no ! no ! no ! ] `` Gentlemen who say no , continued Mr. Grattan , know nothing of the interests of Ireland , and do n't understand their own . Believe me , in this hour of peril , the aid of the people of Ireland is of the utmost importance to the empire , and you stand in need of it all . It is of the last importance , then , that you canvass for it in the way most likely to secure it . I earnestly advise , that on the subject of Catholic emancipation , which I shall not discuss now , the minds and the hopes of that people may be set at rest , by the solemn assurance that their firm and loyal adherence to England in this last and most perilous struggle , shall be the price of their complete admission to all the rights of the British constitution , consistent with reason and justice . Nations are often the arbiters of their own fate , and you have it now in your power to secure that inviolable attachment of the Irish people with which you may reckon on your security ; but without which , that security , I fear , would be problematical . I again earnestly intreat gentlemen connected with Ireland , to use every means in their power to excite amongst the people an attachment to the empire , and above all to that fundamental maxim of British policy , to have nothing to do with France . I shall conclude with giving my support to the bill ; in deprecating however the long term of its proposed continuance . I know my conduct may in this case be unpopular amongst many of my countrymen , but 924 I never will capitulate with popular error , though I shall ever respect popularity when the attendant on public virtue . congratulated the house , the country , and the right hon . gent. , on the sentiments which he had just uttered , and which he hoped and trusted would have a due impression in Ireland . concurred in this congratulation . deprecated the idea , that any objection offered by himself and his friends to the details of this measure , proceeded from a disposition to oppose the principle of the measure itself . On the contrary , he was anxious to support the bill , with regard to the necessity for which no change whatever had taken place in his sentiments since his retirement from office . But , as to the bill itself , he declared that although a draft of it had been sent to him from Ireland , just previous to the change of administration , he had never read it until lately introduced by the right hon . baronet . declared his satisfaction at the speech of the