, and the necessity for them ought to have been proved . However , the house had passed the bills , and all he wanted now was , that they should give a pledge to enquire whether they had passed them on good grounds or not . This was all he asked . His object was to keep this subject perpetually before the house . If the bills had been enacted only for a year , there would have been less cause for his motion . But as the period of their duration extended to three years , his object was , and he hoped the result of an en- 1215 quiry would prove it unnecessary , to continue them for more than one year . This , he was , for his own part , persuaded , would turn out to be the case , unless gentlemen chose to continue in ignorance , and rejected the means of acquiring information . But the hon . gent . dwelt a good deal upon general doctrine , and said that a boon ought not to be granted till you were strong , and had enabled yourselves to crush your petitioners if you chose ! He ( Mr. S. ) had really thought that men could distinguish between good and bad treatment , and that the one produced gratitude and attachment , as naturally as the other did revenge and hatred ! `` But no , '' said the hon . gent. , `` make them fear you first , that they may love you afterwards ! '' Then the hon . gent . accused him of having said that Ireland had been used worse than a conquered country . Certainly , he had said that England had adopted a more ignorant and barbarous system of management with respect to Ireland , than ever any one nation with any pretensions to civilization had adopted with respect to another . The hon . gent . said , that he was taken a-back with regard to this statement , when he allowed that concessions had been made in the present reign , and consequently the system charged . This , he supposed , was meant , for he did not pretend to understand the phrase `` taken a-back , '' not being a naval man , as the hon . gent . probably was . That the concessions had been made with a very ill grace , he had certainly said . He did not wish , as he had said before , to produce any irritation whatever ; but it the times and circumstances when these concessions were made were considered , it would be found that they had rather been wrung from most unwilling minds , than conferred in an open , liberal , and generous manner . He ( Mr. S. ) deprecated waiting for such times and circumstances . He was for conferring favours when they might be ascribed to a sense of generosity and justice , and not for waiting till they could be demanded , when you would not dare to refuse them . Now , his right hon . friend on the bench near him , ( Mr. Grattan , ) had made a more able speech in favour of his motion than he himself could possibly do . That speech was characteristic of his wonted genius and eloquence , and every thing must be full of genius , animation , and eloquence , that came from him . This very speech Was one great instance of the benefits to be 1216 derived from the motion now submitted to the house ; for his right hon . friend had in the course of it thrown out more information respecting the state of Ireland than ever had been communicated by any other member , or at any period for some time past.—But , another member accused him of libelling the legislation of this country , and our cosmopolitan and philanthropic parliament ! But what had our most philanthropic parliament done for Ireland ? Why , they had legislated without enquiry for that country ; but , if his