clause was not one which he could have wished to see introduced : but , when the necessity of the case was considered ; when it was recollected that the state of Ireland required that very irksome and disagreeable duties should be imposed on the magistrates , winch they would be unwilling to perform , and which , in fact , it would be dangerous , for them to perform with the zeal and fidelity required , unless they were protected from the effects of unintentional errors into which , from appearances , they might be led ; when , in short , it was considered that the very jurors in such actions of damages might be persons against whom it had been necessary for them to exercise the enactments of this act , and whose minds might , of that account , be inflamed against them ; when all these things were considered , it was the opinion of those best acquainted with the state of Ireland , that the act must be imperfectly executed , unless the magistrates were secured by a clause like the present . said , he was decidedly of opinion , that the provision now objected 916 to , would be a disgrace to the statute book . Were they , by this most extraordinary bill , to give extraordinary powers to magistrates , and then , after they had exceeded even the powers given them , to protect them from the verdict of a jury ? If the right hon . gent . was afraid that the persons aggrieved might obtain a verdict while the country was in a state of irritation , why limit the time for seeking redress to six months ? If , again , he was afraid of the inflammable state of the jurors ' minds , and that they might even have been parties in the supposed transgression , the remedy was plain and easy—to change the venue to a more distant county , where no dissatisfaction or irritation of feelings had prevailed . It had been said , that a similar act had been intended to be proposed by the late ministry . He would only say for one , that he had never been consulted , nor had heard of such an intention , nor had he ever seen the present bill till yesterday . If the state of Ireland was such as the right hon . gent . represented , and that a jury could not be had there whose minds were not in an inflammatory state , why not take away the trial by jury entirely , at least suspend it , till the feelings of the people were restored to a greater degree of calmness and composure ? It was a mockery to continue the trial by jury , and yet to deprive an injured person of the effect of a verdict after it had been given in his favour . It was said , that the judges of Ireland were fair , impartial , and upright . He should be sorry to doubt it . He believed , that they , in common with the judges in this part of the kingdom , with whom he was more intimately acquainted , possessed every honourable and upright feeling and quality . But this was a power not to be intrusted to any man . It was such a power as the law had refused to any judge , or any set of judges whatever . contended , that the enactment now objected to was not so novel as the hon . and learned baronet had supposed . He confessed that plaintiffs in the situation alluded to were to be deprived of the benefit of the common law ; but was not this already the case in all revenue questions ? Where an officer of the revenue was sued , nothing but the dry damage sustained by the injured party was awarded against him . Where it was a question of intention in revenue cases , and no intention could be shewn , the plaintiff could not recover ; and it had been determined