the confidence with which his noble friend anticipated the success of this plan . He was sure that past practice did not warrant this confidence , as he would shew that recent experience did warrant his doubts . Look only at the results of the act of 1805 , by which the then minister proposed to procure from the militia seventeen thousand volunteers . Did he procure that number ? All turned upon the anwer to that question . No ; he did not : he got about fifteen thousand . Why , then he entreated the house to consider what we were about to do . From the same body , not merely the same description of force , but from an aggregate of the same identical individuals , we were now to be confident of obtaining 28,000 volunteers , every man of 956 whom refused to stir on the former occasion . In 1807 , 28,000 individuals were to shew great alacrity to do that , which in 1805 , to a man they refused to do . This was extravagant : the act of parliament , though it gave the power , could not create the will . He was aware that it might be said that the former act imposed restrictions and regulations , which were not to he granted under the present one . To which he should answer , that those restrictions were introduced to silence the complaints of a large proportion of the most respectable of the militia officers . If , therefore , they were withheld now , though you may get a few men , the other evil would be aggravated , namely , the danger of driving such officers out of your service.—He was far from meaning , or wishing to overstate these points . They were not random opinions , but reasons given for them . These his noble friend might controvert , if he had the means of doing so—he believed he could not . The house had heard the opinions of two or three respectable militia officers within these walls ; out of doors he had met with but one opinion amongst them . They were placed in a most awkward and invidious situation , and might naturally feel some reluctance in avowing their objections , and in deprecating the adoption of the measure , when they were told , not as heretofore , that their men were wanted for foreign offensive operation , but that the safety of the empire required the sacrifice.—This was indeed , for obvious reasons , a cruel mortification to them . There could be no possible doubt of what their view of this project must be ; of a project , which , in his contemplation of it , amounted exactly to this : that we were called upon to take this sorry and sickly expedient , this exhausted , worn out , threadbare remnant of a system , faulty and vicious in itself , as the substantive foundation of a measure by which we were to be enabled to maintain our national independence . If we were really reduced so low , which he utterly denied , it was time to abandon all hopes of a successful issue to the great contest in which we are engaged— '' Oremus pacem , et dextras tendamus inermes . `` —Let it not be supposed that such was his view of our situation , feeling confident that , if our strength was wisely called forth and applied , we might , under Providence , treat the threats of our implacable adversary with defiance.—On the third point , he should not detain the house at any length , as it had been fully and ably expatiated upon by his hon . relation on a 957 former occasion . In fact we had now three distinct plans before the house ; for the negative proposition of the late secretary of state could hardly be entitled to that denomination . The noble lord proposes to allow 28,000 militia to volunteer into the line , and then to resort to ballot to raise 38,000 new militia .