called forth The crisis was at length arrived , when it would be necessary to call around us all the military energies of the empire . The first step upon so awful an emergency , which prudent government would take , would be to see whether anything could be done 772 to unite the people . If we were to meet dangers greater than any which had ever threatened us , a divided people , What arms could we employ , what bulwarks raise , or what armies create , adequate to repel them ? Much had been said upon this subject , but not , according to his way of considering it , sufficient for its importance . The situation of Ireland could not be too often submitted to the deliberation of parliament , provided it were handled with judgment and moderation . He was sorry to find that an idea had gone abroad , that both the parliament and people of England were pledged , that no farther concessions should be made to the Catholics of Ireland . He was sorry for it ; for a more unwise , indiscreet , and mischievous declaration could not have been uttered . Such a melancholy condition was not that of any country , most certainly not of any free government . The noble lord Opposite to him well knew , that the judgment of one parliament often differed from that of another ; nay , even in the same parliament , there had been more than one instance of such change of opinion . The appeal from the hasty decision of one meeting , to the prudence of another , bad not been unfrequently successful . Was it , he would ask , right to say to ( bur millions of people , You must despair ? And despair of what ? why that they , subjects of the British empire , were . not to be entitled to the privileges of its constitution . Was it possible that , under any circumstances , there could have been a more improvident declaration ? This was his reason for wishing to impress once more upon their lordships these considerations , because he was informed such language had been held . It was not under the impression that the Irish Catholics were to be excluded from the pale of the constitution , that the great question of the Union was carried , No pledge respecting their admission to the same benefits with their fellow subjects , had been either given or required . There were some persons , indeed , who wished to make their participation in the common benefits of the constitution , one of the conditions of the Union . These intentions , however , were overruled , and it was decided that every thing respecting them , should be left to the discretion and liberality of the united parliament . He would ask , why those who now appeared to be of a contrary opinion , did not then speak out ? Why they did not I maintain the exclusion of the Catholics , as 773 a fundamental principle of the constitution ? Why they did not protest against destroying the bulwarks of our religion in church and state , and letting the Pope into the country ? That great minister , who framed the project of the Union , told his sovereign that the union could not be carried into effect , it that boon was not granted to the people of Ireland ; and finding , that they were not likely to obtain it , he acted upon it in the same manly manner that he did upon all occasions . Where was this sentiment of exclusion to be found ? Was it any where but in those libellous addresses upon the Catholics of Ireland ? which he could not but consider ministers as deeply responsible for having advised his majesty to receive . If , in addition to dangers from abroad , we were to encounter divisions at home , the . stoutest of us could scarcely hope that such an accumulation of peril could be