gone into a committee , was it possible it could have come to the resolution of extending the Romish priests in Ireland to double their present number ? Was this the way to extend the Protestant religion in that country ? Only 100 Protestant clergy were educated there annually , yet it was proposed to raise the number of Catholic priests to four times that number . The hon . member for Norwich ( W. Smith ) had talked as if these priests had been under the care of government . This was a 822 mistake . All that government had to do in the matter was , to bear the expence of the establishment . He submitted , that if this establishment was to be increased , the least thing which could be done was , to give government some say in the institution , that they might know the manner in which the studies were conducted ; have the nomination of the professors ; or , at least , in some shape or other , know that they were not educating a society of Jesuits , who would not be suffered to exist in any other part of Europe . We ought to know , that the foreigners who might be employed in this seminary were not in actual hostilty to us , and that they were not likely to instil principles inimical to us into the minds of those whom they were called on to instruct . He , on the whole , could not help thinking , that in increasing the establishment in question , we were not only sowing the seeds of continuance for the Catholic religion in Ireland , but , in fact , were doing what we could to root the Protestant religion out of that country . The students of the Protestant church , as he had already said , only amounted to 100 yearly ; those educated by this eleemosynary institution to the Catholic persuasion , already amounted to 200 ; and it was proposed to double them , or to make them amount to four times the number of the Protestant students , thereby giving the Catholic religion a four-fold advantage over the Protestant . said , if a Roman Catholic establishment in Ireland was allowed , they must have an education ; and the question was , whether that education should be in Ireland , or out of it ; or whether they should have any education at all ? If not educated in Ireland , the priests would go abroad for education , where they would meet with tenets more dangerous to our constitution . The house would recollect , a priesthood must exist in Ireland , and that it would be best under the encouragement and observation of government than under any other . The right hon . gent . had talked as if they were shut up from the knowledge of government ; but surely he knew there were five visitors appointed by act of parliament , one of whom was the lord chancellor of Ireland , who were to make a visitation once in three years , or at any time on the requisition of the lord lieutenant ; and , if they did their duty , could it be supposed the establishment was not under the controul of government ? 823 The arguments of the right hon . gent . that there were only 100 teachers of the Protestant religion in the University of Dublin , while there were 200 Roman Catholic priests in the College of Maynooth , went to nothing but to strike a balance of ignorance ; for , if there were not enough to teach the Protestants , it was no reason there should not be enough to teach the Roman Catholics ; they should rather enlarge the Protestant teachers , than restrain or diminish the others , and let the education be open and manly , and not clandestine and mysterious , as it had formerly been . If the right hon . gent . had wanted information , he ought to have called for it , by a