to understand that the present ministers intended to make some material alteration in that respect , he gave notice that he would , early in the next sessions , submit to parliament , a proposition on that head . assured the right hon . baronet , that it was the intention of his majesty 's present servants to turn their attention to the state of the church in Ireland , as soon as they had before them such documents as might authorize them to take any step towards the accomplishment of so desirable an object . At present , however , he had not in his hands such returns as he thought necessary , previous to his endeavour to remedy the 1025 evil of which the right hon . baronet complained . gave notice , that he would , on Friday next , submit to the house a motion relative to the general State of Ireland . expressed a desire to be informed , what was the particular object which the right hon . gent . had in contemplation ? It might for the present suffice if the right hon . gent . would state , whether his attention was meant to be directed towards the civil , ecclesiastical , or military state of that part of the united kingdom , as by that means he might be prepared to meet the subject . said , that he had not the least unwillingness to satisfy the right hon . gent . as far as the rules of the house would permit him at present . His intent was to submit to the house the proposition of a strong pledge , that they would , early in the next session , enter into an enquiry as to the causes of that discontent which was said to exist in Ireland , and upon the rumour of which the house had been induced to adopt that strong measure , the Irish Insurrection act , which would shortly , no doubt , receive the sanction of both houses of parliament . On the motion of the chancellor of the exchequer , the house resolved itself into a committee of supply , to which his majesty 's messages , and several other papers , were referred . in moving the house to grant the sums which were the subject of his majesty 's messages , should content himself with stating shortly , that the first sum of 80,000l . was the same which had already been made the subject of a communication from his majesty in March last , and which had been suffered to lie over without being made good , in order that an opportunity might be afforded of a fuller view of what should be necessary to be proposed . The message he had brought down the other day , divided itself into two parts . One , the measure of subsidizing an increased number of Swedish troops ; the other , the advance to Prussia , and the proposed treaty of subsidy with that power . The arrangement with Sweden , though it was thought a fact proper to be communicated to parliament , and though payments might come to be made upon it , yet as none had yet been made , and as no vote was to be called for this night , he should 1026 not enter into further than to state , that , in May last , in consequence of a determination to make a concerted effort with the aid of Prussia , Russia , and such assistance as could be afforded from this country , it was thought adviseable to push the exertions of Sweden as far as the resources of that country would afford . Previous to that time , while there was no appearance of any service being rendered in that quarter by the power of Sweden alone , no augmentation of the Swedish troops was thought of . But when the king of Prussia agreed to furnish 10,000 men to act in Pomerania , when a Russian detachment also was expected in that quarter , and when it was in contemplation to