the new system had been hitherto so successful , because it had no competition to struggle with ; the militia ballot was totally suspended . In May it would revive , and when the five or six thousand men , who were then to retire , should come to be balloted for , the effect of the plan would be much less than it had been . It was not on measures of mere prospective success that the safety of the country could be allowed to rest . He trusted that the colonels of the militia regiments would universally promote the execution of this measure when it should be passed : for however it might be in general matter of commendable emulation in them , to vie with each other who should 940 have the best regiment , that emulation must give way to the superior importance of the preservation of the country . It should be matter of pride to encourage the men to go into the line , and the colonels , who in such an exigency , would rather repress than encourage the general ardour , could look with little confidence to their men , and could be looked upon with little confidence by those men , if it should be necessary for them to go into action together on British ground . He did not think the Training act could be carried into effect in its present form . The line could not spare officers for the mass , neither could the militia . The volunteers he considered well officered in their own kind . If the continent should make a general peace on the terms dictated by Bonaparte , we should have to maintain the contest single-handed . In that case all our force should be called into action , and with a view to strengthen that force he voted for the bill . knew of no contest between the militia colonels and the line , but who should have the best discipline ; and , if occasion should arise , the best fighting battalions . The object of this bill was to depress the militia , and to raise the glory of the line upon its ruins . He should therefore oppose the bill , looking upon the militia as those most interested in the preservation of the land , consequently those most likely to fight for it , and best entitled to its favour and confidence . With respect to the consistency which gentlemen were called upon to shew , he had never known any consistency during the 15 years that he had sat in parliament , except in uniformly substituting one plan for another , according as every new government wished to supersede the plans of its predecessors . He therefore hoped gentlemen would be now consistent , and that they would persevere in rejecting a measure so much to be deprecated . He hoped that parliament would consider the necessity of making other exertions also , without which it would be impossible to go on in this contest . The weight of taxes , already so intolerable , could not be well increased . He hoped that every acre that was productive , would be taxed without exemption . He thought also , that means might be found in the country , of providing a supply of timber for the navy , now purchased so dearly from foreign nations . He trusted that a committee would be appointed to enquire , and 941 to report , not only what savings could be made in our expenditure , but also what further funds and resources could be called into action . Though he thought these repeated drafts from the militia so many death-blows , and though he was most anxious for adhering to its original constitution , yet if the bill should pass , he should do his duty by giving it his utmost support . differed from the hon . gent . who had last spoken . He considered that the practice which prevailed of late years , of making the militia nearly the same as regular regiments , hurt considerably