for posterity on a subject in which their happiness was more concerned than in any other ; for he was convinced that in a thousand attempts to do good , there was not one the result of which could be ascertained with so much satisfaction as the diffusion of useful knowledge . expressed himself happy to find , from the conclusion of the hon . gent . 's speech , that he continued to be an advocate for the diffusion of knowledge : such an opinion was to be expected from a man of his character and conduct , and one who had paid such unremitting attention to similar subjects . He owned , however , that he was somewhat surprised at the inclination for delay which that hon . gent . had manifested . Had he not proofs in other parts of the world of the benefits which resulted from the diffusion of the truths of the gospel ? And how were those truths to be still further diffused in this country , but by putting into every one 's hands the keys of knowledge ? The hon . gent . had allowed that the instruction of the Irish was indispensable with the safety of the empire ; was a moment then to be lost ? He ( Mr. Whitbread ) was then what that hon . gent . had often been , in the hands of the gradual abolitionists of the bill . The postponement would be espoused by those who hoped , by putting off the bill to another session , to get rid of it altogether . The measure had been opposed without having been even read , for if it had been read , it could never have been asserted that it was compulsory . It did 856 not compel a single child to attend ; it only gave power to the magistrates to erect schools and to appoint schoolmasters : the rest would necessarily follow . This misrepresentation proved to him , that if the bill were re-printed and sent into the country , it would be only to make waste paper . When parliament met again , gentlemen would declare that they had not had time to read it , and would press for further delay . He desired , therefore , to have a decision on it in the present session . With regard to the petitions on the table , they did not complain of the principle of the measure , but of the enactments , as tending to affect the petitioners ; but the bill contained a clause , enabling the justices to suspend the execution of the bill , where unnecessary . This would obviate any inconvenience , unless , indeed , the magistrates were supposed to be corrupt . If corruption were thus to be imputed to all men , every attempt to benefit mankind must cease . We must do nothing but lie down and die . It had been said , that the bill would put an end to charitable contributions . Not so . If in a large parish 6,000 children were educated by charitable contributions , and 10,000 were not educated at all , his bill passing over the former would apply only to the latter , whose situation was rendered at present so much more distressing by the contrast . It had been also said , that by the bill , parishes would be compelled to raise a shilling rate . No such thing . The bill only gave a power of doing so when necessary , a necessity that would perhaps not exist once in a thousand parishes . The impossibility of carrying the measure into effect in a year , had been dwelt upon . Why was it impossible ? In many parishes schools were already erected . In others , temporary buildings might be used until schools were erected . It would be easy to find schoolmasters , among whom there would doubtless be a competition for appointments . If the committee adopted the proposed amendment , he should despair of its ever being the serious intention of the house