contended that such calumnies would have sunk into their merited oblivion , had they not received a sort of stamp and currency from what had recently passed within that house . said , that in the very few words he should feel it necessary to say upon the present subject , he should cautiously abstain from following the example of the right hon . secretary , by trying to divert the attention of the house from a serious charge affecting one of its members , by a vague recrimination , equally inapplicable and groundless . He did not blame , he rather approved of the hon . baronet 's refusing to answer the newspaper attacks that bad been made upon him ; and though the right hon . secretary had accused him ( lord Howick ) of sanctioning newspaper calumnies , he had been so much more the object than the promoter of such attacks , that he did not think such insinuation in any respect just towards him . He would not retort the charge upon the right hon . secretary , though , at the same time , he could not forget the keen and poignant wit that in other times had distinguished the papers of the Anti-jacobin . As to the other hon . gent . ( Mr. S. Bourne ) he had never imputed to him any timing more than negligence , which might naturally be the consequence of a great multiplicity of business ; but he had satisfaction in saying , that so far as that gentleman was concerned , he 681 was totally exculpated . He felt it a painful duty to state , that he was not satisfied with the explanation given by the hon . baronet . He censured any blustering attempt upon the part of his majesty 's ministers , to influence that house in its decision on the present case ; if the cause of the hon . baronet was a bad one , the injudiciousness of the defence might tend to aggravate the crime , and if it was a good one , it was certainly most impolitic to attempt to controul , when it could so easily convince . This was not a time to resist inquiry by menacing challenges ; the country expected inquiry , and recrimination would prove but a bad method to evade it . If there was calumny in this attack upon the hon . baronet , that calumny was to be found in the Fourth Report of the Commissioners of Military Inquiry , and surely no member in that house was to be censured for not at once discrediting and denouncing that Report , though not one title had been yet offered by the hon . baronet or his friends in denial of its statements . As to what had fallen from him ( lord Howick ) upon a former night , with respect to the reappointment of the hon . baronet on the Finance Committee , he was willing to repeat , that till this transaction was fully explained to the satisfaction of parliament , and the public , he did think it most inadviseable to allow that gentleman 's name to appear on the list of a committee appointed for looking with a jealous caution to the expenditure of the public money . He had said that the hon . baronet 's explanation had not satisfied him ; and why ? because that explanation did not in any way go to disprove what had been stated , that the public had paid twice for the same thing . This had not been cleared up , and until it was , he could not , consistently with his duty to that house and the public , totally acquit the hon . baronet . justified the hon . gent . ( Mr. S. Bourne ) from the imputation against him . So far as he had an opportunity of judging , there appeared no ground to suspect that hon . gent . of any corrupt practice while Secretary of the Treasury.—After a few words from general Hope , Mr. P. Carew , Mr.