was made upon the public during the life of that person , and in the latter there was no additional expense . He could discover nothing in support of this bill , but an assertion that it was expedient ; whilst , on the other hand , there was the uniform practice of our ancestors . He could not , therefore , consent to such a bill as the present , nor could he for a moment consent , that after a beneficent reign of nearly half a century , such an attack should be made upon the prerogative and influence of a beloved and revered monarch . said , as the noble viscount had begun his speech by stating that there was only one point in the speech of his noble friend ( the earl of Lauderdale ) , in which he agreed , so he would observe that there was only one point in the speech of the noble viscount in which he had the good fortune to agree , and that was , that his majesty 's ministers ought to have been present to have declared their sentiments in a a manly manner upon this bill . As to the charge made by the noble viscount , of the absence of the members of the late administration , he could assure their lordships , that , had there been the least expectation that this bill would be opposed , there would have been a full attendance of those noble lords , with whom he had the honour to act . But when it was recollected that only tour-and-twenty hours notice had been given of any intention to oppose 1048 * this bill ( he did not mean to throw any imputation upon the noble lord who had commenced this debate ) , there was not much ground for surprise at the thin attendance . He thought it , however , of so much importance that this bill should be debated in a full house , that he intended to move to adjourn the debate till to-morrow , in order to give an opportunity for that full attendance , which the importance of the subject demanded . After the bill had been nearly a month before the house , without appearing to meet with any objection , be was astonished that it should now be attempted to be debated in a thin house , and at so late a period of the session . His noble friends had not attended , because they thought there was no intention of opposing the bill ; he was convinced they would attend if the consideration of the bill was postpones till to-morrow . He entirely agreed with his noble friend ( earl Grosvenor ) , that this bill was only to be considered as the forerunner of important measures of reform and economy in the public expenditure of the country . When it was in contemplation to abolish or to regulate offices , it was natural as the first step to be taken , to prevent those offices being granted in reversion , because if they were , it was obvious that for a considerable time no regulation could be applied to them . It was therefore that the public feeling was so much interested in this bill , which he contended it was , and he begged leave to say that he thought the noble viscount in denying the existence of this public feeling was mistaken . He was convinced that if ministers thought that the rejection of this measure would not be an unpopular measure , they would find themselves miserable mistaken . He denied that the bill was in encroachment upon the just prerogative of the crown ; on the contrary , the granting places in reversion was an encroachment upon that prerogative , and upon this subject he would put the case , which though an extreme one , would shew the tendency of the argument , namely , that of all the offices being granted in reversion : it would necessarily follow , that the successor to the crown would find himself deprived of all influence