the question , that the petition 1158 do lie upon the table , observed , that as the hon . gent . did not mean to institute any proceeding immediately upon the petition , it would not be necessary for him to go at length into the consideration of it . He had only to state , that the petition was founded upon a great misapprehension of facts , and a great misapprehension of legal principles , as applicable to those facts . He did not mean , however , to charge the misapprehension on the hon . gent . stated , that the allegations in the petition , were founded on the allegations in an affidavit made in the court of king 's bench.—The petition was then ordered to lie on the table . rose to submit , pursuant to notice , a motion on the subject of granting offices in reversion . If be might assume , and he hoped be might , that the opinion of the house had undergone no alteration on this point since their late resolution , he thought it would be unnecessary for him to trouble them at any great length , as he might expect an unanimous concurrence in the proposition which he was about to lay before them . It would be waste of time for him to address them at any great length , when he expected no opponent : but because he heard that it had been surmised that the object of the bill passed by the house against the granting of offices in reversion trenched on the just prerogative of the crown , and that it would be of no real service to the public in point of economy , he begged leave to say a few words on these topics.—With regard to the prerogative of the crown , he was firmly persuaded that the object of that bill touched upon it but very little , and could not be properly said materially to trench upon it at all . There was at present an opportunity for an undue dissipation in that prerogative , and he was convinced that it would be more full , better exercised , and much more beneficial , if be granting of offices in reversion should be restrained in the manner pointed out by the bill . It would certainly be rather strengthened than weakened , for the gratitude of persons entering upon the reversions , would naturally be small when they considered them in some measure as a vested right , rather than a favour conferred solely for services to the public . There were some instances where these reversions were held by persons perfectly unfit for whatever trust might be attached to the 1159 offices , and more especially in the cases of reversions held by persons of the other sex . The incapacity was , indeed , in some cases so palpable and glaring , that no ministers would have ventured to recommend the grants in the first instance , without the danger of creating the strongest sensation in the public mind , and of exposing themselves to the severest animadversions.—But it had been said , that in point of economy this object would be of no advantage to the public . Directly it might not . But certainly the committee expected , and he was persuaded that the expectation was well founded , that the establishment of the principle would ultimately lead to much practical economy . Several offices afforded very large emoluments , while they had no duties attached to them . The committee might judge it proper to review these offices , and see reason to subject some to new regulations , and advise the total abolition of others . But , if , in the mean time , the practice was persisted in of granting these reversions , the labours of the committee would meet with increased difficulties ; and parliament seeing no prospect of any immediate benefit from whatever arrangements they could propose , might be more callous and indifferent respecting this important object . On these principles , he presumed , the house had