expedients that had so long and so injuriously prevailed , was founded on fundamental principles of the wisest policy , and on human nature itself . The substitutes serving in the militia , were now entitled to look forward for their discharge at the end of the war . To engage these men for 21 years , would be totally to alter the principle of his right hon . friend 's plan , and to destroy the confidence placed in it . The noble lord 's present plan , supposing there was an immediate exigency , and that this plan would supply that exigency , would not go one moment beyond it . It would exhaust itself , and destroy the general means of recruiting the army . It was objected to his right hon . friend 's plan , that , of those it had procured , a great number were boys . It was urged in answer to this , that the plan it had superseded , had procured a great number of old men , who were counted , though evidently approaching fast to a period when they would be no longer fit for service . The entrance of so many boys was to his mind a proof that the plan of his right hon . 946 friend had made the condition of a soldier agreeable to parents and friends . For boys must be supposed to be under the controul of their parents and friends , and could not be supposed to enter so generally without their approbation . It should besides be considered , that these boys did not begin to count their first period of service , till they reached the age of 18 . Their parents parted with them cheerfully , because it was not a parting for life , as it was before , at the very outset . His right hon . friend 's plan would , if persevered in , correct all the vices that had hitherto pervaded our military system . He had a high opinion of the volunteers , but he must altogether condemn and deprecate the opinion uttered by some , that this part of our force might be relied on for our whole defence . No man could seriously hold such an opinion , and express it for the purpose of courting popularity , with an intention to withdraw it , in the event of the exigency arising ; it was a dangerous as well as an unwise and uncandid expedient . Those who would attempt to expose the fallacy of the idea would be accused of disparaging the volunteers , while it would he endangering the ruin of the country to suffer it to pass unexposed . The volunteer force was at first 415,000 men . It then declined to 350,000 , and afterwards to 300,000 , without any observation on the decline from the other side . It was now 289,000 , and he was convinced as effective at that number as the whole original 400,000 . But this last reduction , though the smallest in proportion of time , was unjustly charged as matter of crime upon his right hon . friend , and those who acted with him.—He hoped the Training act would be carried into effect in addition to all the other expedients . Without some measure of that general nature it was impossible that our regulars , our militia , our volunteers , or even our navy , could secure us . He recommended the pursuit of all measures that could lead to the restoration of peace . Nothing would tend more to the strength and security of the empire than the true sentiment of cordial union and co-operation through all orders of the people . I have always , said the hon . gent. , thought that your best strength would be peace among yourselves ; peace with your dependencies , and above all , peace in Ireland—peace with the Irish Catholic ; and that would do more for you than all your measures for new levies and new conscripts . You talk of 947 strengthening the resources of