army , a disposeable force.—3 . `` To enable lieutenants of counties to accept the voluntary services of as many men from the local militia as would fill up the deficiency occasioned by the drafts from the embodied militia into the army . If there shall be a deficiency of volunteers for filling up the embodied militia , that deficiency to be made good by a ballot , without exemptions , and deficiencies in the local militia to be supplied annually by a similar ballot . '' The object of this clause is to make use of the ballot only when indispensable , and then in a manner little burthensome.—4 . `` To enable lieutenants of counties to employ the staff of the local militia in training the men intended to be transferred to the embodied militia , during the time such staff may not be actually on duty with the kcal militia . '' The object of this clause is to have the embodied militia complete in members acquainted with the use of arms.—5 . `` To enable his majesty to direct lieutenants of counties , if he should see it proper so to do , to employ the said staff of the local militia , when not otherwise employed in exercising the persons bound to serve under the provisions of the Training act . '' The object of this clause is to give farther efficiency to the Training act , which is admirable , as giving to the crown the positive command of a large body of men in case of emergency , but which in its actual progress amounts to a muster of men.—I humbly conceive that it is no small recommendation of these Suggestions , that at the same time , that if adopted together , they would draw forth the physical powers of the population in a most efficient and in the least expensive manner , and mutually strengthen each other , they may be applied with advantage separate , without adopting the whole . The one , to which the greatest objections would be made , is that of enabling his majesty to accept annually so considerable a number of volunteers into the regular army . This is not the moment to discuss this most important subject , I shall not therefore intrude longer on the time of the house . thought the present measure might have been assented to 1041 * without entering upon the plan of last year ; but as it had been brought forward so often , he would call the attention of the house to some facts relative to that plan , as they appeared by the papers on the table of the house . The object of that plan was to provide a great increase for the regular army , and if it had failed in that , there was an end to the argument against the present measure , as trenching upon it . The right hon . secretary then stated from the returns , that the numbers recruited in the first six mouths of 1806 , were 9,933 men . These were the numbers enlisted , and allowances were certainly to be made for those above the military age , and under the size ; but it was to be considered , that during 3 of these months the recruiting , under the Additional Force act , was cramped by its being understood that it was to be repealed , Boys he put out of the question on both sides . But if he allowed 900 men for the number rejected , he thought it would be fully sufficient . The numbers procured under the right hon . gent . 's system , in the first six months , were 9,091 men . This view of the case was certainly not very favourable to the plan , as it procured no more that the old system . It was also to be considered , that the right hon . gent . 's system had been in full operation during the six months adverted to . It was true that the last six months had been more