first battalions would soon become as inefficient as it was so deeply to be lamented that the second battalions now were . It was impossible to look to the general aspect of Europe , and to the returns on the table , by which it appeared how large a portion of our force was employed abroad , and even on the most superficial view , entertain a doubt of the necessity of great exertions indeed , if we were desirous of preserving our security at home and of not abandoning our military greatness abroad . If the necessity were disputed , he was prepared , and staked his personal responsibility to prove ( could he do so without divulging that which ought not to be divulged ) , by the most satisfactory am undoubted details , that no voluntary or other local force was adequate to the wants of the country , but that for every thing of that description , a regular and efficient force must be substituted . The question therefore , was not whether the volunteer system or the Training bill , could be improved , but what that system was which would carry our regular army and militia to the highest point , with the least incon- 862 venience to the existing establishments , and with the most moderate pressure on the country ? If he had satisfied the house that some substantive increase of regular force was necessary for the preservation of our dearest interests , it would be a proposition not very difficult to establish , that we must not rely for that amount of force which the public exigency required on the system of ordinary recruiting which the right hon . gent . opposite had projected , or on any system of ordinary recruiting which human wisdom had devised . He would not now enter into a detailed examination of the right hon . gent . 's system : that would be a subject for future discussion ; but he would generally state it as his own deliberate and decided conviction , that if any system of ordinary recruiting were freed as much as it were possible to free it from the effects of undue competition , and were in every respect as well administered as it was in human power to administer it , it might keep up an army once brought to its standard , but it could never be competent of keeping up an army , and of increasing it at the same time . Let the house look at the result of the right hon . gent . 's system for the last six months—the most favourable period of its operation—they would find that , deducting the boys raised by it , the actual produce of men obtained for the army , was not so great as by the former double operation of the ordinary recruiting , and the Additional Force act , much less was it calculated to give that increase to our military strength , which the foreign measures of his majesty 's late ministers ( and into the wisdom of those measures he would not now enter ) had rendered necessary . If therefore , it was meant to have a bona fide addition to the amount of our public force , it was perfectly illusory to depend on the ordinary recruiting ; in truth , therefore , the question came to this , what measures must be resorted to to raise the army to the standard to which circumstances imposed the necessity of its being raised ? Certainly , by some sort of compulsion . No desirable species of compulsion had ever occurred to any administration unconnected with ballot ; and here he could not avoid condemning the unnecessary pains which the right hon . gent . opposite had taken to decry the use of ballot . If it were allowed that compulsion must be resorted to , and that compulsion must be founded on ballot , our choice was narrowed to a very limited extent . In submitting to parliament what 863 had occurred to his majesty 's ministers as most expedient on this