's emergencies . The French emperor was not now at Boulogne . Things were not yet brought to the mere cast of the die . The fate of the empire was not yet brought to the issue of a single battle ; the country was not called on by any existing circumstances , to play the bad game of sacrificing the future to the present . As to the French emperor , he would here take leave to observe upon the idle and childish way in which many persons were pleased to indulge when speaking of that person ; words did not win battles . It was by deeds , and deeds of energy , we were to maintain ourselves and oppose him ; but what was the deed of energy that the country was now called upon to perform , and who were 943 those who now called upon the country , who now told the country that a moment was not to be lost ? The men who , in the midst of all that emergency , put an abrupt stop to every possible means of answering that emergency , by dissolving the parliament , so far admitting the necessity of extraordinary levies ; but he denied that necessity . He was now , as formerly , fully satisfied that there was , in the existing forces , ample means of defence , provided that force was well administered . He would put it fairly to any military man , if 168,000 men were not a sufficient establishment for the national defence , even in cases of the last emergency ? —The noble lord had said much upon the necessity of ministers having at their command a large disposable force . He could not at all agree with the noble lord as to that necessity . He was at the same time fully aware that there were many of his majesty 's present ministers , who thought the enemy assailable in certain points , and that the means of this country could not be better applied than in expeditions to those places . But he was not of that opinion . A good deal had been said , too , about the necessity of having a sufficient disposable force to send to Ireland ; and yet he knew not how to reconcile that with the measures that were now pursuing with respect to the defence of that part of the united kingdom . For , if report was true , ministers were at that time withdrawing from Ireland the forces which it had been pretended , in introducing that bill , it was necessary to keep there . Why were ministers in so violent a hurry to pass the Irish insurrection act , if that country was so tranquil that they could draw off the greater portion of its military strength without any apprehension whatever ? This looked like tampering with Ireland . They were told that there was the most urgent necessity for dispatch in passing the insurrection bill into a law , for that the other would expire on the 1st of August . Why , what was intended to be conveyed by this affectation of alarm ? Were they to be told at the same time , that Ireland would be lost if it was a day without an insurrection act , and yet hear of the troops being withdrawn from it , while the necessity of sending troops into Ireland had been pleaded as an additional argument in favour of the noble lord 's bill ? Or why , if such danger was apprehended with respect to Ireland , by the delay of passing the insurrection bill , why dissolve the parliament and thereby 944 increase the danger so much apprehended ? But , as to the emergency so much talked of , he did not look upon it as so pressing . The French emperor would take some time to pass from the present scene of his conquests to Paris ; he would take some time in preparing to direct his immediate operations against this country , and some considerable time must ,