giving way to their native insolence , should treat their subjects with contumely , abolish all their favourite institutions , insult their religion , and attempt to force an odious superstition upon them , seize every opportunity of marking contempt for their language and manners , and crown the whole by numerous instances of personal insult and oppression , would it be surprizing , if ages should elapse before the English nation were reconciled to their conquerors ? And if such would be the feelings of Englishmen , could we wonder that the proscriptions of queen Elizabeth and James I. , of Cromwell and of king William , should still excite indignation in the minds of the Irish ? Among these causes of disaffection , religion had acquired an apparent Consequence which did not naturally belong to it , as it had become the badge of national distinction , and the bond of union among men , sympathizing in the same indignant feelings . But religious intolerance was so far from being the main and original cause of Irish disaffection , that , in the native dialect of the Irish , there was not a word to express the distinction of Protestant and Roman Catholic , except the national appellation of an Englishman and an Irishman . Till we were prepared to grant the demands of the Catholics , partial concessions , yielded to importunity , would only serve to keep up a spirit of restlessness , and fan the flame of discontent . The expectations which some have entertained from the measure which was brought forward by the late administration , seemed to be most extravagant . The catholics themselves disclaimed that 996 measure , and yet we had heard noble lords speak as if it were at once to render the Irish a united people . With respect to the general question of Catholic Emancipation , the noble earl expressed his regret that the prevailing prejudices of this country were still so strong , that there was little probability that it could now be carried . These prejudices , however , were evidently on the decline . Notwithstanding all the attempts that had lately been made to raise a cry of No Popery , that cry had had but a very partial success ; and when this was compared with the events of the year 1780 , it afforded decisive proof of a progress in the public mind . That progress would assuredly go on , and the time might be anticipated , when it would be as little in the power of any minister to resist the measure of Catholic emancipation , as it would now be to carry it . The Roman Catholics might safely trust their cause to the effects of this progress in the public mind : and those could not be considered as their real friends , Who should force on any premature attempt to carry through the measure before circumstances were ripe for it.— The bill was then read a second time . The following is a copy of the Preamble moved by lord Holland on the report of the American Indemnity bill . ( see page 806 . ) `` Whereas , by an act of parliament made in the 12th year of his late majesty king Charles II , intitled `` An act for the encouraging and increasing of trade and navigation ; '' It is , among other things , enacted , `` That no goods or commodities , whatsoever , of the growth , produce , or manufacture of Asia , Africa , or America , or any part thereof , be imported into England , Ireland , or Wales , Islands of Guernsey and Jersey , or town of Berwick upon Tweed , in any other ship or ships , vessel or vessels whatsoever , but in such as do truly and without fraud belong only to the people of England or to Ireland , dominion of Wales , or town of Berwick upon Tweed , or of the lands , islands , plantations , or territories , in Asia , Africa , or America , to