public tranquillity . To such men it was not his inclination to confide such powers as were not found necessary in the administration of lord Hardwicke , and such as the duke of Bedford refused to sanction . It was the wish of lord Kilwarden , even in his dying moments , that the law should not be violated on his account . Ministers were well aware that by the Bill of Rights every British subject had a right to bear arms , and if unnecessary infractions of the best articles of the constitution were made as a matter of course almost , ministers might expect that some portion of the people of that country would declare their sentiments in the most open manner against such proceedings ; they might expect , not that a revolution founded on Agrarian principles would be attempted , but that the higher class of the people would be roused , and that they would petition against the union . On the intended motion of Mr. Sheridan he should deliver his sentiments more fully ; in the mean while however , he thought it his duty to oppose the bill now before the house . defended Ireland from the unjust imputations against its loyalty and allegiance . He was convinced that the true policy in governing Ireland was to extend to its people the full participation of constitutional rights . He declared his conviction of the injustice and impolicy of the present bill , and strongly supported the amendment . was a decided enemy to the bill . He hoped some amendment would have been admitted to render it less unpalatable , but he was severely disappointed . He thanked his right hon . and learned friend ( sir A. Piggott ) for his eloquent speech against the bill , in every word of which he agreed ; and could only express his astonishment to find his majesty 's ministers supporting such a measure upon hear say , and without a tittle of evidence , while at this moment the assizes of the different counties in Ireland were proceeding , and when the judges were every where unanimous in stating the tranquil state of that country , especially Wexford and Tipperary , the two most suspected counties , and where there 1093 was not a single indictment for insurrection , or even for seditious words ; and when the judge emphatically thanked the grand juries for the tranquil state in which he found that part of the country . He never could give his support to so abominable , so unconstitutional , and so tyrannical a bill.—A general cry of question ! question ! expressed his astonishment at hearing so very general a call of question ! question ! as if gentlemen were in a hurry to pass a bill so alarming to the liberties of Ireland . He should not enter upon the affairs of that country at present , as he should have a more favourable opportunity , on the motion he should have the honour of proposing to the house on Monday . He did not expect , however , that on a measure like this for driving from the pale of the constitution the whole people of Ireland , his majesty 's ministers would sit mute , without condescending to notice any of the arguments so eloquently and forcibly put against this bill . If ever he saw the case of Ireland treated with outrage and insult , it was upon the present occasion , when the king 's ministers were forcing upon that country , a law subversive of all civil liberty , and exposing the habitation of every man in Ireland to the nocturnal intrusion of any two magistrates , or their underlings , on pretence of searching for arms , without any controul from the executive government . The eloquent speech of his right hon and learned friend ( sir A. Piggott ) was unanswerable . He gloried in the whole tenour of his arguments , and he was proud to see on that side of the house an attorney-general and solicitor-general of the last administration , stand