of the catholics , must either abandon their arguments or abandon the army . There was no occasion to 652 do either . Last year we had heard the same sentences on the same subject ; we were told that we should by refusing what was asked , paralyze the army , and dismantle the navy ; but there was no truth in it . We were told also that we should not inherit our country , and that the inhabitants should be deprived of their mother . It was in vain to talk of fleets or armies , the only thing to give tranquility to Ireland was unanimity in that house . Emancipation might do something , but without unanimity nothing would be effectual there . He was a friend to the most general toleration that could be desired by any statesman : he did sincerely hope to see the day when the happy work would be completed of the emancipation of the catholics ; but more had been done already for them in his majesty 's gracious reign than at any former period ; more had been done for the dissipation of bigotry than in any former reign . He wished for the inhabitants of Ireland the full benefit of the constitution like other men , but that was a thing not to be accomplished in half a session of parliament . He did not blame the late administration for their motives in the late measures they offered on behalf of the catholics , but it had a singularly unfortunate effect , for it disgusted those whom it professed to relieve , and enraged those whom it disappointed . There had been much art made use of to mislead the Irish people . There was a person of the name of Keogh , who had delivered a speech to the Catholics in Ireland , and that speech had been afterwards made up into a pamphlet , which was of the most reasonable and rebellious tendency that ever disgraced the country in which it appeared , and so the house would say if they read it ; but the house of commons attentively perused large folios on the affairs of India , while it would not look at a small pamphlet on those of Ireland . It was owing to inflammatory harangues , however , that men committed such excesses ; and those who committed them were not genuine Irish catholics , but they were French Demagogues , Jacobins , and French emissaries . They had at one time , however , been so furious , that the right hon . gent . himself ( Mr. Grattan ) , could not go to the Irish house of commons without his sabre , for which reasons , Ireland should give a specimen of at least ten years without rebellion , before she could reasonably look for emancipation : ten years was but a short period of probation on such an occasion , it was only three years beyond the pe- 653 riod of a common apprenticeship . But it had been said that his majesty had been unfavourably advised towards his Catholic subjects . Had gentlemen forgotten the series of indulgences his majesty had been graciously pleased to shew them ? Had they forgotten what his majesty did in the year 1780 , when he became the bold defender of his Popish subjects against a protestant mob . By this and by other acts , all ranks of his majesty 's subjects , of whatever persuasion , were sure of benefiting by his paternal solicitude for his people . These were his sentiments ; and he uttered them , not , with a view to please ministers , for he knew none of them personally ; he did not think that he ever was in the same room with any of them ; certainly he had , nothing to ask of them ; but he delivered these sentiments on the pure principles of independence . He should oppose the amendment , and most heartily support the address . took notice of what the noble lord ( Milton ) had advanced