venture on this step , and in the face of his own principles he abstained from discharging these men , who were very numerous , and 869 who were still in the service . If , therefore , the right hon , gent . relaxed the regulations of parliament , to suit his own convenience , surely he ( lord C. ) might call upon parliament to relax them for the convenience of the public and for the advancement of the general interest . If he were so fortunate as to persuade the house to agree to his propositions for transferring a portion of the militia to the line , and for raising a great number of men by ballot for the militia , he was convinced he could shew them , that whatever might be the expediency of granting such an option to the peasantry enlisting for the line , it would unquestionably be adviseable to give to the militia enlisting in the line , the option of a limited or an unlimited term of service ; of course with an increased bounty for the latter ; that those who were not so sensible of the charms of a limited term of service as the right hon . gent . opposite , might be empowered to make their election accordingly . He did not mean to make this a part of the general measure , but would submit it in a separate clause . He must not omit to state what it was the intention of his majesty 's ministers to propose with regard to that part of the military force of the country which was not regular nor militia , but which was ready to support and come in aid of both ; —and first , as to the right hon . gent . 's measure of last year , the Training bill . In duty to him and to the house , some explanation was necessary of what had been done by his majesty 's ministers on this subject , since they came into office , and of what they meant to do . The fact was , that if they had been the original advisers of the measure , or had partaken of the right hon . gent . 's partiality for it , it would have been out of their power to carry it into effect ; for so happily was it contrived , that the ballot could not go forward in many of the counties , and though in this double carrying bill , the militia ballots were suspended , it left the training lists completely in the back ground . Consistently with the sentiments which he had already stated , he declared that though not an original admirer of the right hon . gent . 's measure , yet , being in existence , he wished to draw even from that measure , as much military resource as possible . He would , therefore , not propose to parliament to abolish that part of it which related to classifications , ballots , & c. for the due execution of which government had it in contemplation to suggest some provisions ; but as 870 to the training part , he confessed that he had never been able to obtain information ; and he called upon the right hon . gent. , if he could , to afford it to him , how that could possibly take place under the superintendance of a constable alone , the only way presented by the bill . Indeed , the right hon . gent . had contrived to throw such a ridicule over this part of the subject , that it was vain to hope we could inspire a rustic feeling upon it , or convert the training so directed into a rustic amusement . He pledged himself , therefore , to propose that this part of the training bill should not be realized ; but he repeated , that he would not abandon the bill altogether , or rather he would not abandon that part of it which was taken from the Defence bill , which was