the same time , he could not help observing , that he was at a loss to conceive the grounds upon which ministers proceeded in making this second treaty , if they saw that his Swedish majesty was unable to carry the first into execution . No doubt his Swedish majesty would have done every thing in his power to fulfil his engagement . felt very anxious to be informed , if the papers upon the table contained every thing which his majesty 's ministers had done towards procuring continental co-operation , and more intimately cementing our continental connections and alliances . If they had done no more , how could they justify the language which they put into his majesty 's speech , at the close of the last session ? A pompous paragraph was there introduced , which held forth to the country the assurance , that ministers had been employed in drawing closer the ties that connected us with our allies , and in preparing the means of co-operation and concert , by which alone a rational hope could be entertained of resisting the ambition of the enemy , and of finally procuring a solid and safe peace . Surely , what appeared from the papers now upon the table , could contribute little or 988 nothing towards the accomplishment of that object . With what views then could ministers have introduced into the king 's speech , this big promise of doing a great deal , while in effect they had done nothing , except with the invidious one of endeavouring insidiously to contrast their own conduct with that of their predecessors in office ? thanked the noble lord for having afforded him this opportunity of explanation . The passage in the speech to which the noble lord had alluded promised no more than his majesty 's ministers had been prepared to perform . Their propositions to the continental powers were not confined to what appeared in the papers now before their lordships , but embraced offers of much greater magnitude in case of further and more extensive co-operation . But they still kept pace with the efforts , which those powers were likely to make , and with the degree of effect with which it was probable they might be attended . Unfortunately , however , the hopes of this more effectual and successful co-operation were now at an end ; and no more pecuniary advances had been made to our allies than those referred to in his majesty 's message . here took occasion to inveigh against the principle of holding out to foreign powers the temptation of subsidies , in order to excite them to take a part in the war . He himself had witnessed the mischievous effects of that principle , and it was one which he should ever reprobate and resist , as influencing the conduct of this country , with respect to its continental connections . The attempt prematurely to plunge other powers into hostilities had made the most unfavourable impression abroad , Such allurements on our part seemed to make the subjects of the sovereigns in alliance with us imagine that their governments bartered their blood for British gold , and so far that idea went to destroy the moral energy by which they might wield the physical strength which we were so ready to purchase from them . He should ever set his face therefore against the throwing out of such enticements , and he had seriously to regret that we had too long and too often acted upon that principle . was astonished to hear the noble lord indulge in such observations , and impute to his majesty 's government motives and views which had never guided their conduct . Where was the proof that 989 his majesty 's present ministers ever held out subsidies as allurements and enticements to draw other powers into the war ; and what opinion must the noble lord entertain of those powers of the continent , who , while their crowns , their dominions , their honour , their independence , every thing dear and sacred to such personages ,