from the hon . gent . who had just sat down , to state why he did not object to the present motion , and the grounds of the conduct which he had observed with respect to this measure , when it had been before in its progress through that house . And he thought this the more necessary after the ingenious course which the hon . gent . who had just sat down had taken , by which , in a way certainly perfectly parliamentary , he contrived to throw out the severest animadversions on the servants of the crown . The reason for the non-attendance of the ministers of the crown probably was , that they had not thought the bill of such importance as necessarily to require their attendance . Two opinions seemed to prevail respecting the importance of the bill . Some thought it of vast importance , with a view to purposes of œconomy , while others considered it formidable , as trenching on the prerogative of the crown . In neither of these opinions did he concur . He thought there was nothing in it that materially trenched on the prerogative of the crown , for he considered it as a matter of nice calculation , whether it increased or diminished the prerogative . If it diminished it in one view , it certainly increased it in another ; and where the matter was so nicely balanced , he did not think there could be any reasonable grounds for supposing that the prerogative could be materially trenched upon . As to the economical effects of the bill , he could 1163 only regard them in the view that had been stated by his hon friend ( Mr. Bankes ) ; some offices might in this way be saved for the reward of services . But it ought to be recollected , that this method of reversions was the best way of making provision for the families of meritorious servants of the public , without imposing any new burthens on the public . It was once a mode of providing for lord chancellors , to whom , for instance , the reversion of a tellership of the exchequer might be granted , instead of the provision now in use in such case . On the one side , therefore , he thought there was no great advantage to be expected from the bill in point of economy , and on the other he saw no reason to fear any danger to the prerogative of the crown . If it was assumed , that this was a measure of great importance , on one hand , in point of economy , or on the other with a view to an infringement on the prerogative , it certainly might be considered as the duty of the ministers of the crown to attend . But those who adopted neither of these opinions , would of course act as if they considered it as a matter of no uncommon interest . When , therefore , his hon . friend had proposed the measure , he had not thought it necessary to oppose it , but at the same time he did not regard it in that great and favourable light in which it had appeared to others . The hon . gent . over the way , had expressed his surprise at the rejection of the bill , but he saw no reason why he should be surprized at the exercise of its rights by any branch of the legislature . It was the right of the other house , undoubtedly , to reject or approve , and nothing could be more prejudicial to this house than to assume a dictating authority , and to attempt to do by its own act what could only be properly done by an act of the legislature . As to the disgrace imputed by the hon . member , for the manner in which the measure had been disposed of in another place , he should leave that to others to decide . But certainly no person could be more disinterested on