His right hon . friend opposite to him , ( Mr. Yorke , ) approves of the first part of this plan , but suggests that the ballot should be resorted to , to create an army of reserve . His right hon . relation objects to the volunteering altogether , and recommends that the revival of he army of reserve should be resorted to in the first instance , and suggests other auxiliary measures for adding effectually and expeditiously to your military force . In every part of this last proposition he most cordially concurred . In one point all three agreed , namely , on the necessity of resorting to ballot in one way or other . His noble friend had on all occasions done ample justice to the unexampled efficiency of the Army of Reserve bill , which was natural , he having been an assistant adviser of it , and its able advocate in that house.—But it seemed to be now out of favour with the noble lord . And yet he need not be reminded , that in one month it had raised 15,000 men ; in two , 25,000 ; and in about four months , very little short of 40,000 men ; he knew the causes that had obstructed its complete success , namely , the previous ballot for 90,000 militia , and the calling forth 400,000 volunteers who were entitled to exemption from it . He would recollect that it was only suspended by the administration that created it , and that it was their fixed intention to resort to it again , in case of any new emergency , after a sufficient respite from ballot . The machinery was all ready ; the force to be raised by it would be preferable , inasmuch as it was more disposeable ; and it would be free from the objection of even unsettling the militia , but what he should call the danger of annihilating it . As to the emergency , it now presented itself . This measure had been called an expedient ; he would maintain that it was a principle ; not indeed constantly , but occasionally operative , and when called into action , certain of success . This it was now proposed to revive to a certain extent . In addition to it , to raise 12 or 15 battalions by giving one step in rank . It would be recollected that the government that was dissolved in 1804 , had proposed to raise 20 958 battalions in this way , which was overruled . But one-fifth of this rejected plan had been adopted , and actually raised as many men in three months as the whole Additional Force bill had done in one year and three quarters . These two measures , hen , might raise from 40 to 50 thousand men . Both had been tried , and both had been found successful.—There were two other points , namely , the Volunteer Service and the Training bill , on which he would wish to touch , were he not fearful of abusing the indulgence of the house . With regard to the latter , he had never discovered the necessity of its superseding the Levy en Masse bill , on which one step had been taken , viz . the enrollment , and laid on the table of the house . The principle of both was admirable , namely , that of making our whole effective population military , by rotation . It was almost a sheet-anchor of our safety , as it afforded inexhaustible means of supplying our army in case of invasion.—He had looked at it lately in the capacity of a deputy lieutenant , and believed that without some alteration , it would be found impracticable . As to the volunteers , he rejoiced that they were to be restored to their old establishment . On the re-appointment of inspecting field-officers , there was much difference of opinion , even amongst those most favourable to the system . He approved of it ; his own observation fully justified the opinion that he entertained