avail but little , unless peace were concluded within 5 years at farthest . With what probability such an event could be looked for , he was unable to conjecture . Now , the whole benefit to be expected from its fullest success was that it would raise 28,000 men for the line , and thus far increase our disposable force ; that he confessed to be no small advantage , if it could be acquired to that extent , which , however , he doubted : but , even if it did so far succeed , still the advantage was too dearly bought by injuring an establishment of 77,000 men , or rather by unhinging or perhaps destroying that constitutional force altogether—and to answer what end ? to increase our defensive force ? and was not the militia a main portion of our defensive force ? and would not the present bill tend to frustrate all the hopes that could reasonably be reposed in that body , an excellent body of men as it now stood ? but what might it become when 28,000 of its best disciplined men were suddenly withdrawn from it ? He must protest most seriously and solemnly against the adoption of such a measure . acknowledged having said that it was matter of deliberation with ministers , which of the two measures they should prefer , and the present was not resolved upon without full conviction of its being preferable under all the circumstances of our situation . It was allowed by the noble viscount , that the bill might in a great measure , if not fully , accomplish its object , but that still its benefit was contingent . Granted . But what was the wish of government ? Was it not to meet the pressure and diminish the evil of the present moment ; and how ? by increasing our defensive and disposable force . This , then , would be , in some degree , accomplished , even in the view of the noble viscount : and so far then it would succeed . But he had little or no doubt of its complete success , and then our military means would have received a very great increase indeed . For those who well understood the condition of a soldier , and of a disposable force , would readily acknowledge that by such an addition to it as that of 28,000 men , not only was our defensive force considerably increased , but also considerably strengthened , which was a distinction not to be overlooked . did not think that his habits authorized him to aspire to great military knowledge ; but , he would , however , venture to concur with the noble viscount ( Sidmouth ) in giving the most ample praise in favour of the Army of Reserve act . At the time it was brought forward , that act had most certainly his concurrence , and even now he did not hesitate to say , that it was one of the most able military plans that had ever been produced in this country ; but while he made that acknowledgement , he must also observe , that there was room to think otherwise of that measure at present . It was not so well adapted now to the crisis of affairs , and it should be remembered , that the effects which at first it might have produced must now be considerably altered , not only by the change of the actual circumstances of the country , but by the operation of the other different measures that had since been introduced . thought the noble viscount had laid too much stress upon a distinction between a disposable and defensive force . No doubt , a disposable force was also a defensive one ; but from every kind of defensive force , the same services , the same resources , could not , under all the circumstances that might call for these services , be reasonably expected . He however , of opinion , that at a moment like the present , there was no room to