advantages of education in the improvement of the character of a people , were most apparent . In his eagerness to pre 1055 * vent other people from learning to read the hon . baronet seemed to have abstained from reading himself : for if he had read the bill , he would have perceived that complete option was given to the poor whether they would allow their children to be instructed or not . supported the bill , and declared that he did not think knowledge too general , even among the higher orders . He dwelt with great praise on the plans of education in Scotland , but contended that Ireland was by no means an illiterate country , especially the south of it ; he wished , however , that the benefits of instruction might be more generally diffused . then moved an amendment that the allusion in the preamble to Scotland be omitted . A division ensued : For the amendment 28 ; against it 33 ; majority 5.—On the motion for the third reading of e bill on Thursday , submitted to the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) , as there was little prospect of the bill 's getting through the other house during the present session , if it would not be better to have it re-printed as amended , so that it might be resumed on the commencement of the next session , as a measure which had been approved of in that house , rather than as one which had been thrown out in another place . wished the bill to take its chance in the other house . If its progress was stopped in consequence of his majesty thinking it proper to prorogue parliament , that could not be regarded as a rejection , but as an unavoidable delay of the measure , which would again come forward with no worse grace than that which had formerly attended it.—The third reading was accordingly fixed for Thursday . rose to make his promised motion for leave to bring in a bill to amend the present mode of Delivering Writs for the election of members of the house of commons . He stated the inconveniencies of the present mode , and lamented that by refusing to hear the Messenger of the Great Seal at the bar of the house , had prevented him from proving his statements . He declared that at every election the messenger received from the treasury a list of those to whom they recommended that the writs should be sent . He did not peculiarly charge the present administration with this practice ; it had been the custom with antecedent administrations . He hoped , however , that now the case was brought before parliament , they would not object 1056 * to the remedy being applied to it ; and he doubted not that he should have the support of all those who were so warm on the sending of a private letter from a secretary of the treasury to his friend , in favour of a candidate . The plan he intended to introduce into his bill was as follows : that the writs as soon as issued should be delivered sealed by the messenger of the great seal to the secretary of the poet-office , who should be enjoined to forward them by the following mail to the postmaster of the county town of each county , and who should deliver a receipt for them to the messenger . The postmaster of each county town on the receipt of the writ should be enjoined to inform the sheriff of its arrival , and should return a receipt to the secretary of the post-office . On obtaining information of the arrival of the writ , the sheriff should be enjoined instantly to repair to the post-master , giving him a receipt on its delivery . By this plan three points would be gained ; 1st , dispatch , for in 5 days a writ would reach the most distant part of the island ; 2d , security , which would be provided for by