. Those appointments might as well be called jobs as the present ; but he confessed he was not surprised , that men who had belonged to an administration the most unfriendly to literature that ever existed , and by whom genius of every description had been left to 725 pine in want—he was not surprised that such men should condemn conduct so opposite to their own . expressed his belief that the duke of Portland was not acquainted with the particulars of the transaction which was then the subject of debate . defended the appointment of the sheriffs . In Sutherland , in consequence of the distance of the residence of the sheriffs , justice was not delayed but not done . The country was 80 miles from sea to sea , 50 miles in the other direction ; had a population of 26,000 inhabitants , and ought to have a particular sheriff . Lord Reay , who had a large property in it , had intreated him for the last five years to procure that alteration , and he lamented that whilst he had the opportunity from his Connexion with ministers , he had not endeavoured to accomplish so desirable an object . He had said thus much just to give a warning to the right hon . gentlemen opposite , that if they meant this women 's war of recrimination , for the purpose of gaining popularity , they would not find it succeed . for Scotland contended that the duties of the shrievalty were now as before done by deputy , and that eminent person who had been appointed sheriff of Sutherland resided in Edinburgh , and could not have given his presence in the county for the time required by act of parliament . As the matter had been brought before the house he thought it right to be fully , fairly , and thoroughly sifted , and therefore he moved as an amendment , That there be also laid before the house copies of all official correspondence upon the subject . thought that literary merit ought to be rewarded in the usual way . He was not a friend to giving indirect rewards for direct services . did not think the public would derive much advantage from these discussions , but the right hon . gent . who represented them as women 's war of recrimination , should not lose sight of the side from which the attack was made . He should look to those who sent forth charges of attempts to raise false cries , and wished no peculation to go to the country as their cry , as if they were all purity , and their opponents the advocates of peculation . He had observed , in the late administration , that they made great professions , without any corresponding performances , and attempted to gain popularity with the public upon false 726 pretences . Under these circumstances , the public would derive as much advantage from the recrimination , as from the attack . The appointment of the sheriffs for Sutherland had been proposed to Mr Pitt , but he refused to accede to the alteration . The grant of a pension during pleasure to a judge was not only dangerous to the independence of the judicature but contrary to law . He had introduced these facts to the house on a former night only to shew , that the house ought to pause before they would appoint a committee , in which those gentlemen would have a preponderating influence who thought with the late ministers . was extremely happy to find that he had the approbation of a right hon . gent . on the other side ( Mr. Rose ) whose name was so proverbial as an enemy to all jobs ! That right hon . gent . could , he was well convinced , be very serviceable to the country , if he was to devote his time to an endeavour to make out discoveries of this nature , and if he had the support of parliament , the Country would not say that this was a