to carry the general measure into effect . The most weighty objections that had been made to the bill , related to the metropolis and its neighbourhood . It was certainly not probable that police magistrates would be so likely properly to execute the provisions of the bill , as magistrates in the country , who possessed local knowledge and local interests . If , on the report of the bill , the members for the city 857 of London , or for the county of Middlesex , should propose a clause to prevent this power from being lodged in the hands of the police magistrates , he should not object to it . He repeated his wish , that the bill might pass in the present session . The example of Scotland , and the north of England , evinced the benefits of that instruction in which he was most desirous that the rest of the empire should participate . in explanation , declared that on no subject had he formed a more deliberate , and at the same time a more decided opinion , than on the advantages which a country must derive from the instruction of its people . The difference of opinion entertained by the magistrates , and others with whom he had conversed , was not on the benefit of instruction , but on the mode of conveying it . was decidedly in favour of a measure which the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wilberforce ) supposed to be most intimately connected with the interest of Ireland and the general welfare of the empire . He thought it , however , to be his duty to state what was the opinion of a man who was not only a friend to the regular establishments of these conntries , but also to its political interests , and who was universally acknowledged to be a friend to the human race , he meant Mr. Howard the philanthropist : that patriotic and moral man had travelled through Ireland , and he stated , that if ever we attempted to incorporate any particular principles of faith with our education of the people in Ireland , we should certainly fall short of our object . He therefore hoped , that as far as respected that country the system of education would be conducted on the most liberal and enlightened principles of toleration . urged the postponement of this measure . There appeared a general disinclination to it throughout the country , and in proof of this , he read a letter from a gentleman , stating , that at a quarter sessions , where above 30 magistrates were assembled , this measure had met with general disapprobation . He trusted , however , that the hon . gent . 's well-meant endeavours would give the greater facility to some practicable mode being adopted . He hoped that a plan would be effected , which should admit of mixing habits of industry with education ; for in many places there was a disinclination in the lower orders to 858 send their children to school merely for education . If the bill were now to be adopted , it would incur a great expense in the erection of schools , & c. without producing much practical benefit . He approved of the amendment , as best calculated to reconcile the country to the measure ; it would thus be rendered more palatable , and a better chance would be afforded for its ultimate success . thought the question came to this , whether it were better to adopt a voluntary or a compulsory mode of education . He found a general objection against enforcing this measure by compulsion . Poor parents were not averse to have their children educated ; but from the ages of 7 to 14 , in country places , they could send their children into the fields , and gain something for the better support of their families ; and if deprived of this advantage , they would come sooner upon the parishes for relief . He thought no one could object to the education of the