as sufficient , to form new recruits into good soldiers . This is a question on which professional men only can pretend to judge ; but on the authority of officers of eminence I am led to believe , that three or four months , when well employed , may in general be found sufficient . An advantage will certainly be found , in this respect , from the description of men who are proposed to be trained . Young men below twenty-five are at a period of life when new habits are easily adopted , and when impressions readily become permanent . Men of this age will probably become good soldiers in a much shorter time , than men of a more advanced age , and will also retain more permanently what they learn . When they have once thoroughly attained the habits of military discipline , a very little practice will be sufficient to keep up these habits even to a late period of life.—Upon these principles , my lords , I would propose to arrange the details of the measure . There should be formed in each county a corps , to consist of all the young men from the age of eigh- 1139 teen to twenty-five . They should be fully officered , and regularly organized as a local militia , but should remain peculiarly under the superintendance of the lieutenantcy , not to be called out of their respective counties , except in cases of emergency . The young men , who have recently entered into this militia , and are in the first year of their service , should be considered as forming a separate class , to be kept embodied for at least three months , and during this time assiduously employed in military exercises . Those who have gone through their first year , and have attained the requisite degree of proficiency , would not require more than a few weeks practice in the course of each of the succeeding years of their service , to keep up the habits of discipline , and ought not to be called out on duty for any longer period than is necessary for this purpose . The most advantageous arrangement would be , that for a few weeks in every summer the whole of this local militia should be assembled in suitable encampments . Being thus collected in considerable numbers , they could the better practise those exercises , which have the nearest resemblance to the operations of real service against the enemy . All officers are agreed as to the importance of collecting men in large bodies for exercises of this kind ; and to obtain this benefit in a higher degree , it would be proper that during this general assemblage of the local militia , those of two or three adjacent counties should join in the same encampment , and carry on their exercises in one body.—Immediately after the breaking up of this general assemblage , the annual enrolment should be made of the young men who , in the course of the preceding year , have attained the age of service . Instead of collecting all of them at once , it would be preferable , that they should be classed into different divisions , to join their corps in rotation . By this means the labour of training them would be less burthensome , and smaller number of officers would be sufficient for the task . By this means , also , a certain proportion of the local militia of each county would always be embodied . Corresponding to this proportion , there should be , in each county , a permanent establishment of officers , drawn from the regular army , and acquainted with real service , whose duty it would be , not only to direct the training of the men , but to instruct the younger officers . The superior officers of the local militias ought to be selected , like 1140 the officers of our present militia , from among the principal landed proprietors of the county . Of the subaltern ranks , a considerable proportion