be made to rise much higher than 70,000 ; and of the 46,000 , the first portion , or 20,000 , with whom the trial was made , were obtained in the year 1799 , at the time of the Dutch expedition : but of the remaining 26,000 , to whom permission was given to enlist in the year following , not more than 12,000 were obtained at the time , the rest were left to enlist at their leisure , and , if they should still decline , were to continue subject to be called upon for the militia . The militia laws had , in the mean time , fallen into great confusion , owing to these successive changes ; and a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) making part of the government the time , had , in consequence , in the year 1802 , introduced an act , meant for the purpose of consolidating all the former acts , and settling the system upon a permanent footing , but still keeping in view the grand 888 object , the augmentation of the number , on account of the difficulty that was found of adding , by any other means , to the military force of the country . The establishment of the militia for this country was to be 40,000 . But even here , unfortunately , the authors of the measure reckoned without their host . War came , and the price of a substitute rising in consequence above the amount of the penalty , the measure produced only money and not men . New expedients were then devised , to make the amount of the penalty keep pace with the bounty ; and the whole scheme being , after all , insufficient for its purposes , new militias were created , new augmentations made to those already subsisting , and new measures brought forth on a similar principle , though of a different form . He had forgot , in the enumeration of the measures previous to this period , the famous Quota bill , by which mutiny was introduced into the navy , and the Provisional Cavalry bill , the most diverting certainly , if not the most efficacious of all the measures of the class in question , by which sums had been paid to the amount of 70 or 80 guineas to rescue old ladies from the terrors to which they were exposed of being turned into light-horsemen . Greater designs were now conceived , and greater powers brought into action . Besides the militia in Ireland , which was created or augmented about this time , a new militia , on somewhat more extended terms of service , was set on foot , under the name of the Army of Reserve . Many gentlemen had expressed their opinion , not without great show of reason , that if a measure of the sort at present proposed was to be adopted , it should be a repetition of the Army of Reserve . The great objection , of course , was the extreme hardship , which , besides that it was a strong objection in itself , had the effect also of rendering the measure , after a certain point , incapable of being executed . Such had been the case in the instance in which the measure had been already tried . After a certain time , a re-action had been produced which made it incapable of proceeding a step further . The measure was therefore abandoned , not from any caprice or jealousy in the government which succeeded , who , on the contrary , shewed a desire to continue it as far as they could ; but because it was functus officio ; it had done less indeed in some degree than it had hoped , but all that it could do . The Parish bill succeeded to it ; and it was not 889 necessary to point out to the house what the failure of that bill had been . [ A cry of no , no , from the treasury bench . ]