) denied the fact . Would the house , without any proofs at its bar , or appointing any committee to enquire into the situation of Ireland , and report on the necessity of the case , proceed to pass a bill , abrogating in Ireland for three years , the rights of the constitution , merely because , at present , there was a manifest disposition in some places which called for vigilance and the strong hand of coercion ? Was it no grievance to declare the power of the crown absolute and to authorize government proclaim the whole or any part of the people of Ireland out of the king 's peace , and liable to military execution or arbitrary transportation ? But , supposing such power vested in the hands of the most wise and humane chief governor that ever existed , was it no grievance for a free people to feel themselves placed in such a predicament for 3 whole years , without any examination into the necessity of such a measure ? Would the people of England think it no grievance that parliament should declare the power of the crown absolute for 3 years , even under the most mild , humane , and benevolent monarch that ever existed ? He had said , that he would vote for this bill , 922 because he was sorry to say there existed some necessity for it . He knew it was extremely unpopular in Ireland , from the hundreds of letters he himself had received upon the subject ; but still , under the existence of some necessity , he was ready to vote for the bill , and to take his own full share of the odium and unpopularity attached to it . This was a time in which every man should be prepared to sacrifice , not only some portion of his liberty , but of his popularity also , for the safety of his country : he was ready to sacrifice both , for the good of the state , because he would rather give up his situation as a representative of his country , than sacrifice public security at the shrine of popularity . He was assured by his right hon . friend near him ( Mr. Elliot , the late secretary for Ireland ) , that there were in various parts of Ireland , secret nocturnal meetings of a dark and dangerous nature . This called for the bill , and therefore he would vote for it , even without the modification of the clause required by the right hon . baronet . But he most earnestly intreated of the house , and of the right hon . gentleman opposite to him , not to push this bill to an extent so unnecessary , which even the Irish parliament , at a period , and in a state of things much more generally alarming , only passed for one year , afterwards for two , and lastly , in the hour of its death , just before the union , perpetuated for seven years . The feeling he wished the house to impress by this bill upon the people of Ireland was , that it was a measure of necessity , which would cease with the cause , and subside with the disposition it was intended to correct ; but he seriously apprehended , that its enactment for 3 years would tend to aggravate the mischiefs it was intended to correct , because , by evincing to the people of Ireland an indifference towards extending to them British privileges , a question might arise in their minds , whether to prefer the military government of France , or the suspended constitution of England . The question in Ireland now had nothing to do with religious conflict , or republican principle , but was simply this , whether Ireland should continue a portion of the British empire ; or become not a portion of France—but absolutely nothing : for annihilation would be her fate under French conquest . He knew very well , France would have her spies in Ireland to create