ministers ; if , upon the measure which had been brought forward avowedly for the purpose of forcing them back into office , it would be most properly done at the nearest possible time , when . those events were still recent in their memory , and whilst they should be able to form their judgment with most accuracy and correctness . The noble lord had objected to a passage in the speech at the close of the last session , which stated that the session was put an end to at a time when that could be done without inconvenience to public business . But that was a question of a relative or comparative nature : he could state , with confidence , that no inconveniences had arisen from the dissolution commensurate with the great importance of calling a new parliament . The noble lord had first adverted to the inconvenience that arose with respect to private bills , and certainly no man could imagine that a dissolution in the middle of a session would not be attended with some inconvenience to the parties , though not to the extent stated by the noble lord . As to the expence , which formed a principal part of that inconvenience , the noble lord would find that means could be devised to render that comparatively light . The expence consisted of the fees of the house , and the cost of witnesses . The former would be obviated by the known liberality of the officers ; and as to the expence of witnesses , he had it in intention to make a proposition on Monday , which would do all that away . When he submitted his proposition to the house , it would be his duty to explain the nature of it ; for the present , he should only state , that he proposed to refer the proceedings in the former committees to the committees that should now be appointed , in which case , there would be no necessity for the attendance of the witnesses again . As to the 631 inconvenience to the public business , the noble lord appeared to him to be totally mistaken . The noble lord assumed , that in the interval between the two parliaments , public money had been issued as in 1784 , without any parliamentary appropriation . As to the fact of the issue of money , the noble lord was mistaken , because no such issue had been made , and he was sure the noble lord would learn with satisfaction , that the public expenditure had been maintained out of the sums appropriated by parliament . [ I know what you mean , said lord Howick , in a low tone across the table ] . The noble lord had observed , that he knew what he meant , in a manner that led him to conclude , that the noble lord supposed him to be wrong , but he knew himself what he meant , and thought the noble lord mistaken . In each of the bills respecting the English Loan , the Irish Loan , some duties of Excise out of the war taxes , and the additional duty on brandy , there was an appropriating clause , authorising the application of the monies , raised under the respective bills , to certain services voted by parliament . In the issues that had taken place , therefore , the government had acted according to law , and under the authority of parliament . The noble lord had not gone at length into this subject , but he had the authority of that noble lord , so far as silence could be considered an evidence of acquiescence , on the occasion in 1784 , that , under certain circumstances , money might be issued by government without a parliamentary appropriation . At any rate , he had the authority of a person to whom that noble lord would not think it a discredit to be compared , the late Mr. Fox , on this head . Before the dissolution in 1784 , a resolution had