would not separate without receiving full information respecting its cause . On the reading of the order of the day , for the third reading of the London Port Improvement bill , which was for the advancing 30,000l . to the West-India dock company , rose and said , that he had the instruction of a very numerous class of traders in West-India produce , to oppose the bill ; of the progress of which , to its present stage , he was wholly unaware , un- 928 til informed by mere accident , nor could he have obtained a printed copy of the bill but through the kindness of an hon . friend near him , in order to be fully apprised of its object . The persons who instructed him to oppose the bill , and the list of 60 of whom he had in his pocket , would have come forward with a petition against it , but for the very advanced period of the session . They complained of very oppressive grievances and impediments to their trade , caused by the conduct of the dock company , and they desired only to register their protest against granting to the company , by this bill , the sum proposed , and thereby further confirming their monopoly , until they should redress the grievances complained of , and which the parties aggrieved were ready to state by petition . as a member of the dock company , declared that , in the course of his experience amongst them , he never witnessed the slightest disposition on the part of the company or their servants to inconvenience , much less to oppress or injure , any man ; on the contrary it was their earnest wish , as well as their interest , to give facility and accommodation to every trader resorting to those docks , to the utmost of their power ; and he was convinced they would , at any time , be ready , with the utmost cheerfulness and alacrity , to remove , upon representation , every cause of complaint to the utmost of their power . Besides , he begged leave to observe that the 30,000l . granted by this bill , was not for the private advantage of the company , but for public purposes ; namely , for building a party-wall between the outward bound , and the homeward dock , and thereby the better to prevent depredations on the ship owners , and frauds on the revenue ; to build offices for the accommodation of his majesty 's officers of the customs there , and to erect barracks for the convenience of the troops it was found necessary to employ , in order to prevent depredation . He therefore hoped the house , feeling the necessity of those arrangements for the completion of the West-India docks , would not , without some obvious grounds , reject the bill . allowed that there were many complaints made of disappointment and impediment , such as alluded to by his hon . friend who opposed the bill , but they were such as he had no doubt the company would be ready to remove upon fair representation . supported the bill , defended the conduct of the company , and lamented that the hon . gent . who brought forward the objection had not himself more frequently visited the docks , and witnessed the alacrity and dispatch there evinced for public accomodation , and that he had heard the story only from prejudiced persons , whose complaints arose from their own irregularity , rather than from any fault of the company . If carts were crowded there in such numbers as rendered it impossible for them to be loaded within the hours daily appropriated to business , it was undoubtedly expensive and vexatious ; but how were the company to blame ? There were many , he believed , who did not like to send so far for the produce , and were averse to the docks on that account ; and others who disliked them on account of the death blow they had