an appeal to the people absolutely necessary . He rejoiced at the effect of that appeal , he rejoiced that addresses had poured in from every quarter of the country , evincing the most zealous and steady loyalty and attachment to his majesty 's government , and to the constitution of the country , and whilst he regretted that any of those addresses should convey a censure upon many eminent characters , he should have still more regretted if no such addresses had been presented . It was greatly to be lamented that a subject should have been agitated , which of all others was the most likely to inflame and irritate men 's , minds ; he hoped that that irritation would now he allayed and that union and concert would invigorate the hands of government , and strengthen the country . In alluding to one topic mentioned in his , majesty 's speech ; namely , the unfortunate events which had 580 taken place in the Sea of Marmora , and in Egypt , he did not wish to cast censure any where until those documents were before the house , which could enable it to decide ; with propriety . He trusted , however , that in the mean time no attempt would be made to throw the blame upon the officers employed on those services . The events were most unfortunate ; but he trusted they would only prove an additional incentive to our gallant soldiers and seamen , to efface their memory by splendid victories and brilliant achievements . He trusted , also , that the measure since adopted would have the desired effect , of inducing the Porte to adopt those measures which were consistent with her real interests . There was another topic in his majesty 's speech to which he wished to advert , although it was rather addressed to the house of commons than to their lordships , inasmuch as it formed an additional argument for the address which he should move ; he alluded to the wish expressed by his majesty , that they should proceed in those enquiries respecting the economy of the public money , which they had commenced in the last parliament . This was an additional incitement for their lordships to express to his majesty their loyalty and attachment , whilst it proved that there was not the slightest wish that those inquiries should be dropped , which had been interrupted by the dissolution of parliament . It was his most ardent wish that upon such an occasion , engaged as we were in war , carrying on a contest in which all the energies of the country were required to be exerted , and when , as in the present case , the speech from the throne was temperate and conciliatory , that there should be an unanimous vote . If that , however , in the present state of parties , and under the present differences of opinion , was not to be expected , he trusted that they would he at least unanimous in expressing their cordial , zealous , and loyal attachment to his majesty , whose mild and benignant government , and whose unerring discretion in the exercise of his royal prerogatives called loudly for that tribute to his numerous virtues . His lordship concluded by moving an address to his majesty , which , as usual , was nearly an echo to his majesty 's speech . —The proposed address having been read by the lord chancellor , to second it . His lordship declared , that he came forward uninfluenced by any party considerations , and solely from motives of loyalty and attachment to his majesty . He condemned the conduct 581 of the late ministers towards his majesty , and deprecated an attempt to embitter the latter days of their sovereign by exciting agitation , and the most irritable feelings throughout the country . He declined entering into any consideration of the unfortunate events in the Sea of Marmora and Egypt , the necessary documents not being before the house ; he could not help , however ,