that chair in such a manner , that I think I should not be doing justice to my own feelings , if I did not say , that I do not know of any one individual so well qualified to fill that dignified and honourable situation , as that right hon . gent . In saying thus much of him I 570 may perhaps by some be thought to be going too far with my eulogium , and I acknowledge they might think so with some degree of justice , were I to have formed this opinion merely upon the basis of those qualifications which have been touched upon by the mover and seconder of the motion . I do not mean to infer , that there may not be several men now present in this house , who , from their abilities , extensive knowledge , and experience , are perhaps equally adequate to the important and arduous task of filling that office : but , sir , under the present circumstances in which that right hon . gent . stands , and in the present situation of affairs , I think there are other considerations and other qualities which ought to enter into our consideration . I am convinced , I say , from this more comprehensive view of the subject , that the house could not make a more judicious choice than in electing that gentleman . I perfectly concur in every thing that has been stated concerning him . I approve of the detail Which the two hon . gentlemen have given of his character , While I do this , however , I must also be allowed to state , that from such qualifications alone does not arise the governing motive of my acquiescence . What more immediately tends to induce me to support this nomination , is that spirit of firmness and independence , with which he has always executed the high trust committed to him , and this , too , upon every occasion , but more particularly upon a memorable one , the circumstances of which are yet fresh in your recollection . The situation in which he was placed was , indeed , singular ; but it was such as may occur again . I allude to a transaction which took place in this house , at a time when many who are now here were not present ; an occasion , when , upon a division taking place , on the proposition of an hon . friend of mine ( Mr. Whitbread ) , the numbers of the members on both sides of the question were equal . Such was the predicament in which that right hon . gent . was placed , when occupying that chair , to which we are now proposing to recal him ; a predicament , in which he had a remarkable opportunity of exercising that firmness of mind which is so becoming in all situations of life , but particularly in that to which he had been called by the unanimous concurrence of this house . He gave , as it were , a form and body to the wishes of the people , by converting the propositions which were then submitted to us into resolutions of this house ; I mean those resolution 571 which preceded the impeachment of lord Melville . Sir , what induces me more particularly to allude to this fact is , the circumstance of my conviction , that this must be an inquiring parliament , otherwise we shall find that the people will be infinitely disappointed in the expectations they have formed of those they have sent to it as their representatives . Upon such grounds , therefore , I think , that the high trust and responsability of a Speaker of this house can not be delegated into the hands of any man with greater propriety , or with greater safety , than into the hands of one , who has already executed that situation with firmness and independence . What he has already done , upon a former occasion , we surely have every reason to