an effect , or spread like wildfire over the kingdom ? It was not the speech its parliament , nor the address to his constituents at Northampton , of so humble an individual as himself , that could produce such an effect . He gave the gentlemen opposite credit for having brought forward the bill as a measure of conciliation , but he was convinced that the destruction of it had prevented the grievance . Though it might have conciliated one party , it would have encountered the most determined opposition from another . As to his conduct in the year 1804 , the measure that had then been adopted was only to allow his Majesty to take into his pay 10,000 foreign troops , some of them Catholics . What had that to do with the establishment ? It was only a temporary measure , resorted to during a war . Could any man suppose that his majesty would think of appointing any one of these foreign officers as first lord of the admiralty , or commander in chief ? It was not the effect of the late measure alone , but its consequences that he apprehended.—Another charge brought against ministers by the noble lord was , that the influence of government had been exercised beyond all former example , at the late election . He was con- 635 vinced , however , that no case could be produced parallel to what had been brought under the consideration of the last parliament , with respect to the Hampshire election . The noble lord had instanced one case respecting Mr. Grogan , but this was the first word he had heard of it . The noble lord had then stated , that it was notorious that 100 inspecting field officers had been appointed to the volunteer force previous to the election , with a view to influence the electors . There might or might not be merit in the appointment of these officers , but his majesty 's present ministers , when out of office , had recommended the measure , and now they were in office they had adopted it . But the same officers that had been employed before were appointed , and they had not been appointed until after the election , and this was the measure which the noble lord had represented as an exercise of corrupt influence at elections beyond all former example ! The noble lord appeared to him rather rash in his charge , and not to be acquainted with some of the acts of his colleagues : what would the house think of the nomination of 300 , not inspecting , but surveying officers of taxes , who could not be appointed either in law , or in fact , till an act of parliament should be passed to authorise the appointment ? What would they think of the designation of so many officers , previous to the election of that parliament which was to pass the act , which was to authorise the appointment of these officers ? The appointment had not taken place , because the act had not passed , and there remained for the gentlemen opposite only to send lamentable letters of apology , where they had no longer the power to realise their engagements . Whether or not these officers were necessary , he did not take upon him then to express any opinion.—The noble lord had expressed his approbation of that expression in the speech , which stated his majesty 's determination to cultivate the friendship of foreign powers , and yet asked whether it was meant by that to insinuate that the late government had been guilty of any neglect upon that head ? Certainly no insinuation or opinion had been intended one way or the other , and he could truly say , that he agreed in every sentiment expressed by the noble lord upon the subject . The noble lord had said , that it was intended to impute blame to the late ministers , by the expression of his majesty 's regret introduced into the speech , for the failure of the