have an opportunity of doing this justice , as he knew the arts practised to injure him . expressed much regret , that at the time of the union something more effectual had not been done to assimilate and in some measure identify the constitution and services of the militias of the two countries . If such an assimilation in all respects could be effected between these two bodies , the advantages resulting from it to the military strength of the empire would be incalculable . He had only to wish that the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) had proposed some measure to that purpose , at the time when he had it so much in his power to exert the influence and weight of the situation in which the noble lord was then placed . thought the Army of Reserve act was the best military system this country had ever seen . When the late ministers quitted office , there were 600,000 effective men ready to defend the country , and he defied the present administration to keep up such a mass of military force , by their new systems.—The question was then put from the chair , and leave was given to bring in the bills moved for by lord Castlereagh.—The noble lord then brought up a bill `` for allowing a certain proportion of the militia in Great Britain voluntarily to enlist into his majesty 's regular forces ; '' and also , a bill `` for the speedily completing the militia of Great Britain , and increasing the same , under certain limitations and restrictions ; '' which were read a first time . On the order of the day being moved for the second reading of this bill , rose to state his promised objections to it , which he pronounced to be perfectly inadequate to its purposes , and indeed wholly useless . The urgent and notorious want of parsonages in Ireland , must have been felt by every friend to the Protestant establishment in that country , and he was sorry to see no grounds whatever urged for the necessity of the present measure , by which it did not appear that any sums necessary for carrying into effect the object of the bill were at all provided for , or were certain to be forthcoming . contended , that , however deficient the bill might be in many respects , 907 yet it was absolutely necessary , and would , he trusted , be attended with very essential advantages . It made it imperative on the Irish treasury to advance the money , and so far the main object of the noble earl 's objections was removed . concurred in the observations made by the noble and learned lord , and contended , that there was no comparison between the advantages and disadvantages of the measure . Indeed , he felt it to be of the utmost importance , and the most urgent necessity.— The bill was then read a second time . brought up the report of the East-India Bonds bill . On the question that the amendments of the committee be read a second time , entered into a detailed statement of the affairs of the East-India company , in order to shew that its debts and embarrassments were the consequence of measures which had been forced upon the company , by the government and board of controul , for the effects of which , the company ought not to be responsible . It was in consequence of such measures , that the wars which had taken place in India , had embarrassed the company , that the participation on the part of the public had taken place but once , and contended , therefore , that the public had a right not only to make good to the proprietors their stock , to the amount of 12 millions , but also to discharge the whole of the floating debts of the company . replied , that that was not the time for entering into a detailed examination of the India accounts . It was a most extraordinary doctrine to