allowances . If , however , the number of the Scotch volunteers was much diminished , it must be allowed , that this diminution begun long before he came into Office , or had any prospect of coming into office , and therefore these gentlemen must have had the gift of second sight , to know both that he would come into office , and what he was to propose . He had often objected to what was called the volunteer system : but as to the individuals themselves , it was impossible that any one could pretend to turn into ridicule the population of England , Ireland , or Scotland , or that proportion of the population which evidently appeared most ardent in the general defence . As to what an hon . gent . had said about the disgrace of crimination and recrimination between the different parties , he agreed so far in that opinion , that he did not wish unnecessarily to indulge in it ; but if it obviously occurred in the course of a discussion , he was not content to pair off . said , he recollected a very different history respecting that corps . They were a corps that wanted greater allowances to be made to them than what was usual . An hon . general ( Tarleton ) had , in his explanation , accused an hon . friend of his of gross ignorance in military matters . The house would , however , recollect that about a fortnight ago , the hon . general had exerted all his military calculation to persuade the house that Bonaparte had advanced so far in Poland that it was next to impossible he should ever be able to retreat . After so recent a promulgation of his military opinions , he thought the house would not believe that every military man was completely ignorant of his profession , who might differ in opinion from the . hon . general.— After some conversation , the committee divided : For the vote 34 ; Against it 24 . A vote of credit , amounting to 4,500,000l . for Great Britain , and 500,000l . for Ireland , was also proposed and agreed to , after some opposition from lord H Petty , sir J. Newport , and Mr. Windham . The Chancellor of the Exchequer , in answer to the observations against the amount , said , that there were many exigencies which might call for the employment of the surplus . A case , for example , might be supposed to arise , when it might be necessary , to call 1051 put the volunteers and place them on full pay.—The several other grants having been put and carried , the house resumed , and the report was ordered to be received to-morrow . presented a petition from certain publicans , & c. praying the aid of parliament , in alleviation of certain grievances with respect to the granting and revoking of Licences . The petition was ordered to lie on the table . Mr. S. then rose and said , that the petition he just had the honour of presenting was signed by more than 1,000 persons . As to the abuses of which that petition complained , and the remedy which he proposed for those abuses , he must at present decline entering into them . He contended that they could be satisfactorily proved upon the most unquestionable testimony , at the . He said that he had made every enquiry into the alledged abuses , and had no doubt he should convince gentlemen , to their astonishment , of the cruel and grinding oppression which in many instances had been practised towards that body . The great object of his endeavour to relieve them would at least be , to have it made certain by parliament , that the bread , the livelihood , the very means of existence to those people and their families , should not depend on the will or the caprice of any two magistrates , without an appeal to some of the courts of judicature . He concluded