you plant a little school in a wide extent , and yet a limited vicinity , you ingraft imbecility upon ignorance : it perishes by its own weakness . Whereas , colonize learning , and you assist its propagation . I would recommend , therefore , a principal school in each parish . As to the second consideration—the agriculture ; it involved at once the question of tithes : tithes made the hot-bed of discontent in Ireland . I would propose some modification with respect to the mode of collecting them . Let the government , suppose , guarantee the payment to the clergy , and thus exonerate the struggling peasant from the many restrictions that at present hang over him , as to the culture or management of the little spot that gives him an interest in the fate of Ireland , by enabling him to feed his wife and family ; this subject is peculiarly worthy the attention of parliament , because tithes have been the source of all past disturbances in Ireland . Tithes gave rise to the `` Hearts of Steel . '' Tithes called together the `` Right Boys . '' Tithes were the cause of the `` White Boys . '' Tithes were the cause of the `` Peep of day Boys . '' Tithes were the cause of `` Threshers . '' Tithes were in a manner a 1206 kind of watch-word to summon the oppressed to act in common cause against their oppression . I would propose , then , a commutation of Tithe . This subject deserves the most serious attention , for if you remove this one cause of discontent , it will go in a great degree to fritter away the rest.—The third head is religion : upon this I shall be very brief , because it is too obvious to receive any elucidation from what I could offer here . I most heartily concur with my right hon . friend—the door is shut , and the population of Ireland is excluded—and excluded from what ? from the means of defending you—from the generous spirit to defend what they have not , and the disinterested zeal of co-operating with you in defence of what you have and enjoy , and that too immediately by them ; to whom you refuse the same blessings . The parliament have no right to refuse their religion to a people that obey faithfully and fight ardently in behalf of the laws that it enacts . No one set of men can justly dictate to another the creed of their own orthodoxy—no government has a right to obtrude into the sanctuary of the human mind , to decide between its God and its responsibility . But it has been said , that the faith of the Catholics of Ireland related to foreign powers and engendered foreign affections . It is denied by the Catholics in their professions and conduct . The leading sentiment among them is hostility to France and French principles . I will read the resolutions of the Protestant Grand Jurors of the county of Kilkenny—I will read also the answer of their Catholic brethren [ here the right hon . gent . read the resolutions ] . Is it , then , to be endured , that such men could in general be suspected of harbouring a thought favourable to French politicians ? Let England look at her strength , and ask herself how much she owes of it to Ireland . The Catholics have gone hand in hand cheerfully with you in all dangers ; will you now turn your back on them , and deny them a share of your privileges ? If you object to them pigmy scruples of bigotry and party , how will you answer to their mighty appeal to the battles they have fought , and the victories they have shared in ? It is a bad policy to tell the men covered with wounds in defence of your rights , that they shall have no rights to plead for ; but my hopes are founded on something sounder than your provisions . If the