the conduct of the king 's ministers , he would endeavour to do his duty as a lord of parliament , by delivering those sentiments which , in his judgment , the occasion called for . It had been said that numerous addresses had manifested the sense of the people , but was it to be contended , that because addresses had been procured from chapters and corporations , that therefore they spoke the sense of the people . Considering the subject in these points of view , and upon the grounds which he had stated , he felt it his duty to move an amendment , which , if carried , it would then be for the consideration of the house as to the manner in which it should be incorporated . The following amendment was moved by his lordship : — '' That by a long 583 experience of his majesty 's virtues , we well know it to be his majesty 's invariable wish , that all his prerogatives should be exercised solely for the advantage of his people . That our dutiful attachment to his majesty 's person and government , obliges us therefore most humbly to lay before him the manifest misconduct of his ministers , in having advised the dissolution of the late parliament , in the midst of its first session , and within a few months after his majesty had been pleased to assemble it for the dispatch of the urgent business of the nation . —That this measure , advised by his majesty 's ministers , at a time when there existed no difference between any of the branches of the legislature , nor any sufficient anise for an appeal to his majesty 's people , was justified by no public necessity or advantage . That by the interruption of all private business then depending in parliament , it has been productive of great and needless inconvenience and expense , thereby wantonly adding to the heavy burdens which the necessities of the times require . That it has retarded many useful laws for the internal improvement of the kingdom , and for the encouragement and extension of its agriculture , manufactures , and commerce . And that it has either suspended or wholly defeated , many most important public measures , and protracted much of the most weighty business of parliament , to a season of the year when its prosecution must be attended with the greatest public and private inconvenience . And that we feel ourselves bound still further to submit to his majesty , that all these mischiefs are greatly aggravated by the groundless and injurious pretences on which his majesty 's ministers have publicly rested their evil advices ; pretences affording no justification for the measure , but calculated only to excite the most dangerous animosities among his majesty 's faithful subjects , at a period when their united , effects were more than ever necessary for the security of the empire , and when to promote the utmost harmony and co operation amongst them would have been the first object of faithful and provident ministers . —The amendment being read , said , he was sorry to find himself compelled to differ from the noble lord who had just sat down , and for whom , as a friend , he had the highest esteem . His noble friend had directed a considerable portion of his argument against the late dissolution of parliament . He did not wish to go at length into the circumstances which 584 led to that dissolution , the question having been so often argued . It was clear , however , to his mind , that the late ministers ; placed themselves in that situation which rendered their continuance in office impossible , without an anomaly in the constitution before unheard of ; namely , that of ministers remaining in office with opinions directly hostile to those of their sovereign . To dissolve the parliament was his majesty 's undoubted , prerogative , for the exercise of which his confidential advisers were responsible . This principle was the same for whatever period