head of the board , as to the state of the company 's affairs , and the probability of a favourable issue , he should be satisfied ; at least it would go far to make him credit the statement of the right hon . gent. ( Mr . R . Dundas . ) —The bill was then read a third time . On the question that the bill do pass , Mr. W. said , that observing the hon . gent . to whom he alluded , had preserved a determined silence , he must object to the passing of the bill . felt himself extremely flattered by the appeal made to him by the hon . gent . opposite . Gentlemen , however , would recollect that he had always been impressed with a gloomy opinion on this subject . He confessed he did not at this moment look to the future situation of the company with a sanguine eye . By prudence and economy , he thought much might be done ; but the company ought not , and could not , expect a great additional revenue . As much was already drawn from their territories , as could be expected . It was therefore to economy 1019 principally they were to look for a change in their affairs . As to the support to be given to the inclination of his constituents , ten years hence , by the hon . general ( Tarleton ) , he could only say , he hoped the hon . general would , at the expiration of that period , continue their representative . But at the same time , he had no hesitation in declaring it to be his fixed opinion , that the preservation of our empire in that quarter of the globe depended on the preservation of the company . The following will be found a more correct report of the Speech of Mr. Grant , on the second reading of this bill , than the one given at p. 833. in reply to Mr. Creevey , said he had often , when Indian subjects were before the house , expressed his readiness to go into a full investigation of those subjects , and of the company 's affairs , provided only that the investigation were to be conducted not by party prejudice , but with fairness and impartiality . No subjects more required to be treated dispassionately and without aggravation . To consider them in any other way , must be productive of mischief , rather than of benefit , yet he was sorry to observe that the hon . gent . ( Mr. Creevey ) had indulged himself in statements which appeared chargeable with exaggeration , and to be in some points the result rather of ignorance than of knowledge . With respect to the desire shewn of passing this bill through the house , before the accounts of the Indian budget could come under consideration , it arose merely from an expectation that the session would be a very short one . The Indian accounts of the two last years had not been long in the possession of the court of directors , and the hon . gent . himself ought to know from experience , the difficulty of such an arrangement of those numerous documents as should put them in a fit state for the consideration of the house . The fact was , that with all the diligence that could be exerted , it was found impracticable to place them on the table in a printed state , before the time at which it was necessary to proceed with the present bill . The papers of the first year he hoped would be laid before the house today , those of the second were in a state of forwardness , and would follow in a few days ; but if this bill were to wait for the discussion of them , the object proposed by it might be defeated . There were besides , documents already before the house , which sufficiently shewed the ground of the pre- 1020 sent application of