to alarm and insult their families , and without the slightest evidence of any necessity : and at least , if the house should agree to pass the bill , it ought to name the shortest possible duration , not longer , at farthest , than the commencement of the next session ; when the subject might again be considered , and the law suffered to expire , unless the executive government of the country should think it necessary to he revived . It was said by the supporters of this bill , that it was to be continued for 3 years , in the first instance , because the revival of the subject in parliament , year after year , would excite irritation . So , that to avoid this suppositions consequence , the whole people of Ireland were to be 3 years exposed to the arbitrary oppression of magistrates and their under- 1091 lings , and to be deprived of their arms for the defence of their habitations . There were times heretofore , when a British parliament would not tolerate such language ; and he thought it required some boldness for any minister to state such a proposition . Yet , how could the bill be continued 3 years , unless it was the united sense of parliament to resist any motion for its repeal , which it was competent for any member to propose in the next session ? Would any member suppose it possible , that the affairs of Ireland must not come under the consideration of parliament every year ? If bills like this were the boons to be granted to Ireland by this country , these were what they could find elsewhere ; and if parliament did not see the wisdom of governing that country by lenient and conciliatory measures , and fulfilling to the hopes of the people the effects they were taught to expect from a legislative union with this country ; namely , the knitting together their rights and interests with those of their British fellow-subjects ; if parliament did not feel the necessity of strengthening , at this awful crisis , the armies of the empire , by the valour of a noble , brave , intrepid , and loyal people , instead of keeping up a system of coercive end irritative measures ; he must only lament their blindness . This observation reminded him of a declaration once made by one of the ablest statesmen that ever presided over the destinies of this country , the great earl of Chatham ; who said it was his maxim to adopt merit wherever he found it , free from all partiality or prejudice to countries . He had sought and found a brave people in the North , who had long been estranged from all attachment to British government by acts of impolicy and oppression , which transferred their affections to a foreign foe , who had flattered them with hopes of redress . He removed their oppressions . He noticed their loyalty to this country . They flocked to the British standard , and conquered for England in every quarter of the world . It was a similar policy that would give the best effects to the Union , by uniting with this country the affections of the Irish people : but a contrary conduct would tend ultimately , perhaps , to lop off the right arm from the British empire , at a moment when we wanted twice as many arms as we had to effect our security in this awful crisis . He concluded by beseeching the house , and his majesty 's government , to depart from this fatal system which risked less than the ultimate lets of Ireland . stated , that it fell within his own knowledge , that during the administration of the duke of Bedford , some hot headed magistrates had proclaimed a district contrary to law . They afterwards applied to the lord lieutenant to sanction their proceeding ; he refused to do so , and the usual operation of the law was found to be sufficient for the preservation of