report , but it was for the house to consider allegations . These , indeed , were not proved , but there was a prayer in the petitions for permission to prove them . The privileges of the house existed only for the benefit of the public , and rested on no other foundation . The only question , therefore , was , whether a greater general mischief would result from giving up this privilege in particular instances , than from maintaining it in its full extent.—The motion for agreeing with the committee in their resolution was then carried , as was also a motion by Mr. Rose , that the said G. G. Mills , esq . be discharged out of the custody of the Marshal of the King 's Bench . rose pursuant to notice , to move that there be laid before the house a Supplement to his Memorial which was already upon the table . He took that occasion to state that he owed considerable acknowledgments to lord Sidmouth 's government , for the fairness and liberality which he had experienced from it . His first offer had been made to the Barrack Office during that administration , but the whole of the business respecting the letting of his house , had taken place after that administration had gone out of office . His principal object in rising had been to move that there be laid before the house , certain letters which he had received from some individual of the Jury , that had awarded him the compensation for the injury his property had sustained . Of the whole of those who composed the Jury , he was not acquainted with the addresses of more than four , one of whom was the foreman . They were amongst the most respectable persons in the county . The hon . baronet then read extracts from these letters , which explicitly stated , that the 16 acres , with the house , were not included in the estimate of compensation ; that the award did not preclude the hon . baronet from residing in , or disposing of the house ; that of the 1300l . awarded by the 748 * Jury , 700l . was for the injury done to the ground by the works , and to defray the expence of restoring it to the state in which it was before the construction of the works ; and that the Jury were aware at the time of making their award , of his being in treaty with government for the house . And here he begged to call the attention of the house to the situation in which he stood , with respect to this transaction . In June next he should be obliged to return to that house , with a barrack within half a-mile of it on one side and on the other . The sums he had received as compensation for a house that had cost 70,000l . to build , were very inconsiderable , though that house had been destroyed , at least as a residence for his family . If he had been upon the Jury , he had no difficulty in saying , that he should have awarded considerably more than had been awarded to him . However , whether the Jury had awarded him 50l . or 500l . he thought himself equally bound to abide by their judgment . He only wished that the house should be able fully to judge of his conduct in the Whole of this transaction , and with that view he moved , that the letters he alluded to , should be laid before the house . had no objection to the production of this paper , and he hoped it would prove as satisfactory as the statement just made by the hon . baronet , though he lamented that it did not appear to him yet as satisfactory as could be desired . There seemed to be some strange mistake in the case , because the hon . baronet had stated in his examination before the committee , that the 400l