hon . gent . ; at the same time he could not help thinking , that the hon . gent was not the most qualified person in the world to resist improper grants , when a Certain marriage settlement was recollected , and many other grants to the hon . gent . his family , and connections , got by what means , the Lord only knew , and for what the Devil only knew . It Was not a happy measure to come from that side of the house , when he looked round , and observed that every member then sitting on the Treasury Bench , all of them , to a man , enjoyed some place , pension , or grant , either contingent to themselves , or in reversion to expectancy , as provision for their families and relatives ; he could not think this motion came with much grace from that side of the house . If he was to single out one man more than another , as the most unqualified man , taking all the circumstances into consideration , he would say the hon . gent . was the most improper and the least qualified to bring forward such a motion in that house . The noble lord believed it was not the intention of the late government , to give Mr. Ponsonby more than Other chancellors had received before him . Those who knew the character of Mr. Ponsonby , those who were acquainted with his independence and liberality of sentiment , well knew , that he himself would be the first to cancel any improper grant made to him , he would be the last man in existence to take advantage of such an act . He should say no upon this subject , except to declare , that it was not the intention of his majesty 's late ministers to make this grant different from all others of the same kind ; and if it became neces- 730 sary to bring a bill into parliament to rectify such an error , should the hon . gent . move it , he would be the first to second his motion . But what , he asked , was all this objection for ? to what end did it lead ? to what good could it tend ? He thought all this was calculated for the sole purpose of diverting the Public attention from those inquiries which the house wished to set on foot . The cry of `` No peculation , '' to be sure , was most properly applied by gentlemen at the other side of the house ; and he hoped that the charges that had been made , would not be found to prevail with the public to give up inquiry ; but that if any improper offices had been appointed , the house should examine and condemn or censure as they found expedient . But this was not the object of the gentlemen opposite ; no—their object was but too apparent—their wish was to lead the attention of the house and of the public to these topics of improper appointments and grants in order to cover with some pretence or other , the late alterations in his majesty 's ministry , and the new appointments on the committee of finance . Upon the latter subject , then , what had been done ? The right hon . the chancellor of the exchequer had appointed 8 new members , all of whom were selected by himself , in order to give him a decided Majority . This , he trusted , would not be forgotten . It would also be recollected , that 3 members of the former committee , among whom he must first name Mr. Sharpe and Mr. Lamb , who were objected to by that right hon . gent . as unfit members of that committee , because they were the most attentive of all those who attended , and the most indefatigable in seeking out abuses and detecting peculation in every shape . The third gentleman , who had been rejected by this right