their own measures , No necessity , therefore , did exist . Why , then , did they take this step ? In order that an appeal should be made to the people , as it was stated in his majesty 's speech , while recent events were fresh in their recollection ; in other words , during the prevalence of that base cry , which , it was hoped , would have an influence on the elections . He defied any other interpretation to be made of this proceeding ; although , in his majesty 's speech , there was something like an attempt at this , and in the noble lord 's address much more . In his majesty 's speech , parliament was called upon to support him `` in maintaining the just rights of his crown , and the true principles of the constitution . '' This passage was completely explained by the conduct of ministers , as evinced in their advertisements and publications , and in the speeches of tonight , the only purpose of which seemed to be , to excite that division in the country , which , if it were not produced , was owing to the good sense of the people , and not to the prudent conduct of administration . When the house recollected all that had been said about the Coronation Oath , was it not manifest to them , that an attempt had been made to alarm the nation , with an idea that the late administration had endeavoured to force the conscience of the king . As to the measure proposed having been incompatible with the Coronation Oath , no such apprehension Could be entertained by any one whose mind was larger than the mind of a child . Did the learned gent . opposite mean to say , that any measure favourable to the catholics would be against the Coronation Oath ? Did he mean to say , because the king had sworn to maintain the Protestant Religion as by law established , that it would be contrary to the Coronation Oath , if certain absurd penal statutes existed injurious to sectaries ; to repeal them ? Such a senseless proposition no one could support ; for what had been the effect of the repeal of similar statutes in Ireland ? If therefore the learned gent . opposite renounced such doctrines , why introduce this passage into his majesty 's speech , but for the purpose of taking advantage of the alarm which it must occasion ? The thing was most absurd : if the last liaise of commons had carried the bill which he had proposed to them , there might have been some plea for this expression ; but as that bill had been withdrawn , how could his majesty 's ministers 621 with common decency assert , that the dissolution had been rendered necessary `` for the maintenance of the just rights of the crown , and the true principle of the constitution . '' He would ask them , did they seriously believe that this limited extension endangered either the welfare of the kingdom , or the safety of the constitution he wished the hon . seconder had , in his observations on the subject , consulted the feelings of those gentlemen below him . Although he ( lord Howick ) should belie the whole of his political life , if he were to consider Mr. Pitt as the extraordinary statesman which he had been represented to have been by the hon . gent . he was yet aware that he possessed great qualities and splendid talents ; and he could have wished , that the hon . gent . had not passed such a severe censure upon him as he had done , in asserting that any person who proposed indulgencies to the Roman catholics , was guilty of an attempt to undermine the protestant establishment of the country . On this subject he could with confidence appeal to the recollection of the house , whether an extension of privileges to the catholics had not been supported by Mr. Pitt ,