in God 's name , let us have the force as constitutional as we can . He would cheerfully consent , however , to give ministers the force they wanted for the line , if they thought it useful for harassing the enemy , provided it could be done without the evils arising from the inequality of the ballot . The principle of the army of reserve , however , which had been so much insisted upon by those who themselves formed a sort of political reserve in that house , 980 he thought even more objectionable than that now proposed to be adopted . It was true , more men were procured by the Reserve act ; but at the same time it occasioned a great deal more hardship and oppression . He expressed his approbation of the volunteer system properly conducted . This ought to be encouraged by paying the volunteers for their loss of time . He thought some inspecting field-officers necessary , and observed that the expence of the whole was small in comparison with the benefit . He denied , however , that the numbers of the volunteers were so great as they were stated . He concluded by saying , that he should have no objection to the measure , provided the inequality of the ballet could be remedied . had hoped , that in the present situation of the country , all party considerations would have been laid aside ; and expressed his astonishment at the sentiments that had been promulgated on this subject . With great reluctance he gave his consent to the deterioration of that most constitutional force , the militia ; but when he reflected on the present state of Europe , it was impossible for him to withhold it . He thought , that the plan of his noble friend was the only one that could give the desireable force . A right hon . gent . had last night said , that we had nothing to apprehend , because Bonaparte and his army were at such a distance ; but in six months they might be on the opposite shores . He then entered into the best mode of defence in case of invasion , end recommended strongly the erection of Martello towers , and the fortifications of our arsenals and dockyards , which were now unable to resist a , siege of a fortnight or three weeks . He should give the present question his decided support . although he could not approve , in every point , of the plan of the late right hon . secretary of state for the war department , yet thought that , if suffered to proceed , it would be very productive , and he regretted that the noble lord 's plan would interfere with it . Still , however , it appeared that some sort of compulsion was necessary to provide a large military force , but he did not altogether see the utility of the volunteering from the militia , and expressed his preference of a ballot directly for the army . As a majority of the house , however , had determined in favour of the noble lord 's plan , he should cheerfully acquiesce in that determination . repeated his former arguments on this subject , and contended that the disposable force now existing was amply sufficient . His grand objection to the noble lord 's plan was , that it applied a temporary remedy to a permanent evil , while the plan of his right hon . friend opposed a permanent remedy to a permanent evil . If a proper object for expeditions presented itself , he was far from disapproving of them , provided they were properly conducted . When the French were driven out of Italy , and an expedition was sent to the Helder , which at first promised to be successful , he thought that a good ground existed for the volunteering of the militia into the line at that time . But now there was no opportunity for any great expedition , and therefore he thought this measure of very