About two o'clock , the attendance of the commons , at the bar of the house of lords , was commanded in a message by the black rod . About 200 members , who had been previously , sworn in by the lord steward of the household , according to custom , in the Long Gallery , went up immediately , and having received his majesty 's command , signified by the lord chancellor , to elect a Speaker , returned , and shortly after proceeded to the exercise of that privilege in the usual form . and addressed the house thus : —Sir , I never rose with more satisfaction to second any motion than I now do that which has just been submitted to you ; because I am sure I am speaking the unanimous sentiments of those I address , when I say , that I am persuaded nothing could conduce so much to the dignity of this house , and the general interests of the country , as the placing such a person as Mr. Abbot in that chair , which he has already repeatedly filled with so much honour . As I speak in the hearing of many of those members who formerly sat in this house , it may be thought , that , as to them , it is totally unnecessary to enlarge ; but there are now many amongst us who had not formerly a seat here , and therefore I hope they will excuse me for telling them , that there is no 569 person who has exercised himself in the duties of that most important office , with more integrity , ability , candour , and fidelity , than the right . hon . gent . who has been nominated to their choice . He is a gentleman , who , to the most diligent research , adds the most profound knowledge of mankind , with great legal knowledge , extensive experience in history , and a great and accurate understanding in constitutional and parliamentary law . These are endowments which qualify him most abundantly to undertake that arduous and difficult situation to which we recommend him . The easy access which he gave to all who had occasion to consult him , is fresh in the recollection of many whom I address . To them , too , it is abundantly known , how usefully and honourably he filled the chair for several years . To myself it is a great gratification to feel , that in discharging what I conceive to be a great public duty , I am also obeying the call of a long and uninterrupted friendship . He was , sir , amongst the first of my friends in this world , and it is a great pleasure and satisfaction to me to find , in a great assembly of enlightened men , of great qualifications and parliamentary experience , that such a friend , whom I have known so long and so intimately , should be the person repeatedly deemed most fit to fill the situation of Speaker amongst us . I am sure that upon this occasion , as upon former ones , those who know his abilities , perseverance , and integrity , will again deem him most fit to resume it , and that those who have not known him so sufficiently as to have experienced his qualifications , will never have cause to regret their acquiescence in the opinion and choice of those who have . On these grounds I concur with my right hon . friend in every sentiment he has uttered , and beg leave to conclude with seconding the motion he has submitted to your consideration . —Sir , I never rose with more pleasure in this house , than I now feel in rising to express my concurrence in this motion . I have witnessed , in common with many others now present , the great talents , the industry , and becoming conduct of that right hon . gent. , whose character and qualifications are now the subjects of discussion . He has formerly filled