H. Agar , capt . Cavendish , Wm . Aubrey , sir John Cavendish , G. H. C. Biddulph , R. M. Dundas , hon . Maj. Bradshaw , A. C. Dickenson , W. Brand , Thos . Eyre , major Bernard , Scrope Foley , colonel Creevey , Thos . Folkestone , visc . Calvert , Nicholson Greenhill , Rob . Calcraft , John Halsey , Henry Cochrane , Lord Hughes , W. L. Howard , Henry Lemon , colonel Jekyll , Jos . Lushington , Step . Johnstone , C. Lloyd , colonel Johnstone , G. A. Lethbridge , T.B . Leach , John Miller , sir Thos . 740 * Mahon . lord Russel , lord Wm . Maxwell , Wm . Stanley , lord Morpeth , viscount Sabright , sir John Moore , P. Smith , Wm . Milbanke , sir R. Smith John Madocks , W. A. Saville , Albany North , Dudley Sheridan , R. B. Ossulston , visc . Somerville , sir M. O'Hara , Chas . Ward , hon . J. W. Pigott , sir A. Wardell , colonel Parnell , H. Western , C. C. Pierse , H. Warrender , sir G. Petty , lord H. Whitbread , S. Quin , hon . W. When strangers were re-admitted to the gallery , we found the chancellor of the exchequer upon his legs ; who , after some prefatory observations , concluded by moving , `` That it be an instruction to the committee of finance , to inquire into the nature of all pensions , places , sinecures , and salaries , arising from the public revenues , and to ascertain the names of the persons so receiving , with the exception of officers holding commissions in the army and navy , and of all the collectors of taxes and revenue , whose salaries do not exceed £200 a year . '' disapproved of these instructions , as calculated to restrict the exertions of the committee of finance . Circumstances might occur in the course of their investigations , which might render the instructions proposed an impediment to those pursuits for which that committee was appointed . proposed as an amendment , that the inquiry of the committee of finance should be forthwith , and that it should be limited to the places and sinecures at present held by members of that house and their immediate friends . thought an order of the house to every public office to produce the lists in question , would do better than adopting the motion as it now stood . He hoped the motion would be so worded as to instruct the committee immediately to proceed in the inquiry in question , or that it would be withdrawn , and the papers be called for by an order of the house . said he had already stated , that he at first thought of this mode of proceeding ; but it afterwards occurred to him that the committee might be able to direct the attention of the house to something in the accounts which might escape his observation . He could not forbear observing how unfortunate he had been , after having adopted the suggestion of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) that that gent . should have abandoned his own opinion the 741 * moment he ( Mr. P. ) thought of acting on it . said , in answer to the allusion to his conduct , that concurring as he did in principle with the noble lord who had brought forward the motion , and differing from him only as to the mode of proceeding , he submitted the suggestion which he had thrown out to the noble lord , and not to the right hon . gent . The right hon gent . had indeed fallen in with his ( Mr. W 's ) suggestion as to form ; but it did not from thence follow , that he must agree in the motion of the right hon . gent . to the principle of which he objected . He thought the right hon . gent . would