think at all . Now the late ministers had declared their wishes to his majesty to explain their conduct , because they had seen a paragraph in a newspaper which they did not like . By this means they wished to lay the blame op his majesty , but at the same time they must , as faithful counsellors , have advised him not to comply with their request , because it was an anomaly in the constitution , that he should think at all . How could the noble lords reconcile this contradiction ? He declared that he was unable to meet with such another attempt to bring blame directly upon the Sovereign in the whole history of the country . The noble lords on the opposite side also objected to the introduction of the allusions to the failure in the sea of Marmora and Egypt . But if we did meet with reverses , were these to be passed over in silence ? If objects were undertaken without means , and if we were to be baffled by the weakest of enemies , were these things to be suffered to pass over like a morning Cloud ? No , surely . The speech stated the facts , and they were facts worthy of notice . The noble lord concluded , by declaring his warm concurrence in the address . in explanation , said , that , what he had stated was , that the mention of the failures was evidently introduced as a censure on the late government , and therefore made his majesty censure his own acts . He had not deprecated but courted inquiry into whole conduct of the late ministry . He had only said , that the present censure was premature and inconsistent . said , that the observations of his noble friend ( lord Holland ) had called to his recollection the part which he himself 592 had acted in the year 1784 along with the noble duke opposite ( Portland ) . He called upon the noble duke to reconcile his present conduct with what it had been at that period . Under the auspices of that noble duke he had drawn up an address to the king against the dissolution , and had assisted in carrying it to the foot of the throne . That address stated that the dissolution of parliament merely at the pleasure of every minister would be attended with the most dangerous consequences ; that it was fitting that ministers should yield to parliaments , and not parliaments to them ; that ministers would , by holding threats of a dissolution over the commons , afford them the strongest inducements to abandon the interests of their constituents , and that a mortal blow would thus be given to the popular branch of the constitution . How Could the noble duke reconcile his present conduct with these sentiments ? The noble lord on the other side ( Mulgrave ) had said , that he and his friends had not set up the cry of `` no popery , '' and that the dissolution was the consequence of a personal attack on the king . He desired that the speech respecting the dissolution should be read ( this was accordingly read by the Clerk at the table ) . He now appealed to the honour of the house , to the English language , and to common sense , whether the cry of no popery did not run through the whole speech , and whether , as appeared from that , the pretended danger to the church , and not the explanation of ministers , was not the alleged cause of the dissolution ? The late ministers had been grossly calumniated : they had been accused of disrespect to their sovereign , whom no man more deeply revered than he did , and of an attempt to deceive him . Under these circumstances , they had requested permission to state the facts as they really , were , not for the purposes of discussion , but merely to bring before parliament the true state of the case ; and