in asserting the sufficiency of a certain number of clergymen to administer the duties of the Catholic religion in Ireland , because such a number was thought necessary in 1795 , seemed altogether to exclude the consideration of those events which had since occurred on the continent , which events limited the supplies from that quarter , and 828 also appeared to forget the growing population of Ireland . thought it remarkable , that while the gentlemen on the other side agreed to the resolution , they pursued a course of argument directly against it . Their argument , indeed , would militate not only against the proposed increase of the institution , but against its original establishment . The principle of the original establishment was to provide the means of educating and domesticating the Catholic clergy of Ireland , and thus to protect them from the opportunity of imbibing foreign principles . With that view , the college of Maynooth was instituted , and the state of the continent at the time rendered such an institution peculiarly necessary . Did any alteration take place in the state of the continent to abate the amount or character of that University ? It was absurd to say , that the same number of Roman Catholic clergymen would suffice for Ireland now , that was thought requisite in 1795 ; for that would be to suppose the population at a stand , and nothing could be imagined more absurd than to suppose that 200 clergymen would be sufficient . There were no less than 2400 parishes and 1100 benefices in Ireland ; and if so many clergymen were appointed to instruct one million of Protestants , or rather half that number , for the other half at least of those denominated Protestants belonged to the different classes of dissenters , how could 200 clergymen be considered competent to perform the ecclesiastical duties of Catholicity to three millions of people ? The idea was preposterous . And as to the expence , the Catholics were generally unable to educate their clergy , and they must be educated at the public expence , or they must be ignorant and a disgrace to Christianity . The expence was trifling , and the object was material . Would any friend to toleration in common policy starve religion to save the treasury 5000l . ? —The right hon . gent . animadverted in terms peculiarly emphatical upon the statements of those who dwelt upon what they called the uncivilized state of Ireland . Some indeed , said the right hon . gent. , affect to say that the great body of the Irish people are mere savages . I will not defend the Irish against such a charge , but I will defend you . If Ireland , after having been so many centuries connected with you , has not learned enough at least to rescue it from the savage state , while the world has been progressively improving , its connection with 829 your country has not been a blessing , but a nuisance . I will never hear , added the right hon . gent. , any reflection upon the morals or manners of my country without rising to resist it . I shall always protest against any reflections upon a country to which I owe so much—to which you owe so much—which is still ready to serve you , and from which , I trust , you will continue to derive the most active and ardent support.—The resolution was then agreed to . A new writ was ordered for the borough of Orford , in the room of lord Robert Seymour , who having been also elected for the county of Caermarthen , had made his election to serve for that county.—The speaker informed the house , that he had received a letter from Samuel Smith , esq. , who , having been elected for Midhurst and Leicester , had made his election to serve for Leicester . A new writ was then ordered for Midhurst.—Mr . Hobhouse reported from the committee , to whom the resolution of the house of the 11th day