humble ability to execute it . He had further only to add , that if the house , in the exercise of its first privilege , should think fit to call again into its service the qualifications it had experienced in him , they should be exerted with the utmost zeal and ability of which he was master . With this he submitted to the pleasure of the house . ( An universal cry of chair ! chair ! ) —Mr . Abbot was then conducted to the chair by the mover and seconder of the motion , and when seated therein for a short interval he again rose and addressed the house thus : —Since the house has been pleased to place me again in this chair , I desire from this place to return you my humblest thanks , and most grateful acknowledgments , for this additional proof of 573 your confidence and esteem . I have only now again to assure you , that while I have the honour of occupying it , I will constantly labour to deserve a continuance of your regard , by maintaining the dignity and authority of this house unimpaired , and by endeavouring to do so with fidelity and strict impartiality . availed himself of the usage of the house , to offer to the Speaker , not his congratulations , but the unanimous contratulations of the house of commons , and the unanimous congratulations of the public . The feelings of the friendship with which the Speaker had long honoured him , were alone sufficient to make him rejoice to see him again restored to a situation , which from every consideration , public and private , must be as desirable to him as it was honourable . But it was not so much from private considerations , as from a sense of the importance of the duties of the office , and of the peculiar qualifications to discharge them , that he exulted in the present appointment to the chair , to which the Speaker 's former conduct in it gave additional lustre . The proper object of congratulation , was , not the Speaker , but the house , whose good fortune in providing so amply for the respectability , and utility of its presidency , could not be too highly estimated . On the first occasion on which the Speaker had been called to the chair , he had made the same modest comparison between the duties of the office and his sense of his own abilities to discharge them . To compare his feelings on that occasion , and on the present , was a thing that could scarcely be abstained from . The statement then offered of the arduous duties of the office , and of the incapacity , as the Speaker had been pleased to call it , of the individual to perform them , was then subject to the test of a severe criticism . There was fresh in the memory of the house the conduct of a predecessor in the chair , who in a time deeply marked with the violence of party conflicts , had so conducted himself as to acquire the unanimous approbation of men , who scarcely agreed in any thing else . Lord Sidmouth , the person to whom he alluded , was supposed to have possessed every quality which the idea of a perfect Speaker of the house of commons comprehended . It was enough to say , that on the comparison with him , the present Speaker was not found in any sense wanting . The dignity , authority , and utility of the character of the chair was as fully supported as at any former 574 period ; and the respect which it was properly entitled to command , was not in any the slightest degree diminished . All that could be wished now , was the continuance of the conduct already experienced . The trial to which the Speaker was called was less unequal . All that was necessary to his honourable acquittal , was to persevere in doing as he had done .