not that they dread the unpopularity of calling upon the people for severe and burthensome sacrifices . If this idea has really been entertained , I am persuaded it is a mistaken one . The people of this country are not so dead to every feeling of patriotism , they are not so insensible to the value of what they have to lose , as to be unwilling to make the sacrifices that are necessary for preserving the name and the privileges of Englishmen , provided they are made distinctly to perceive the necessity , and are fully persuaded that the sacrifices they are to wake will secure their object . On this ground I am persuaded they will acquiesce with more cheerfulness , in such measures as those I have now suggested , than in those which his majesty 's ministers call for.—The ballot for which we are desired to vote , lays upon the people an oppressive , because an unequal , burthen , without affording any reasonable probability that our liberties are thereby to be preserved . The ballot , under the name of a demand for military service , we all know to be in effect nothing more than a mode of compelling individuals to pay for substitutes : these substitutes differ in nothing from the recruits who enter the army by voluntary enlistment , except that 1145 in the one case the bounty is paid out of the general revenues of the state , in the other the payment is imposed on individuals , without any regard to their ability to pay : the ballot is thus nothing more than a tax , the most objectionable in principle that can be imagined—a mere poll-tax , the most unequal and oppressive form in which money can be levied . When this burthen is laid upon the people to make a trifling addition to our regular force , such an addition as will scarcely diminish in a perceptible degree the perils of our situation , can it be supposed that the people will submit to it with the same alacrity , as they would to an effective demand of real military service , imposed according to an equal and impartial rule , on those to whom it will be least burthensome , and the operation of which must be to put an end to all anxiety respecting the security of the kingdom ? —But in truth , my lords , I can not bring myself to believe that in such a crisis as the present , his majesty 's ministers can be actuated by such a despicable motive as the fear of unpopularity—that their anxiety for the preservation of their places can go so far , as to make them overlook the danger to which they expose themselves , as well as their king and their country . The situation of things is now such , that there is no possibility of saving the nation , without resorting , in one form or another , to burthensome and severe measures . It would be mere state quackery to delude the people with any different expectation . The time is past when a minister might have indulged a tenderness for the comforts and the convenience of the people . We have now to make our measures effectual , —to that consideration must every other bend ; and of those who complain of hardship there is but one question to be asked , whether the hardships imposed on them are worse than the rigours of French despotism ? —Perhaps , however , it may be alleged , that I am now proposing a superfluous and unnecessary degree of preparation . But this , my lords , I can not admit . When we consider the immense military resources that may be brought to bear against us , when we consider the number of points from which we may be assailed , and the extent of coast which we must be prepared to guard ; above all , when we consider the hazard in which the whole empire is involved , from the prevalence of disaffection in Ireland , the