maintain , that the expence of wars undertaken for the defence of the company 's territories should be defrayed by the public . As to what had been said respecting the participation on the part of the public , he should only answer , by referring the hon . gent . to the act , in which there was an express exception of times of war . declared it to be his intention to resist the further progress of this bill , at least until the India accounts should be before the house , and the ground of his opposition was , that by the papers upon the table , the affairs of the company appeared to be in a dilapidated state . could notagree in the position of his hon . friend , that the public should be responsible for the sums to be borrowed under this bill , or for any other of the East-India company 's debts ; and unless it should be understood from an explicit protest , a resolution of that house , that , by sanctioning this measure , it did not make the public a guarantee for the debts to be incurred under it by the India company , he could not consent to the measure . was surprized that any doubts could be entertained upon this subject , after the manner in which it had been discussed on a former night . Undoubtedly , by passing this bill , that house was no more bound to guarantee the debts contracted pursuant to its provisions , than it was bound to guarantee the debts of any private company or corporation , authorized by act of parliament to raise money for the purposes of its institution . The money , in this instance , was to be raised on the sole responsibility of the company , to which alone , and not to the public , the lender was to look for the repayment of the sums he advanced . should support the opposition of his noble friend to the further progress of the measure , unless he should be given to understand that the third reading would not be pressed before the end of next week , by which time he understood the India papers would be before the house . argued against the supposition that the public guaranteed these bonds , in allowing them to be issued . He contended , that the exclusive charter of the East-India company was the only means of preserving India to this country . The contingencies on which a participation in the company 's profits had been promised to the public , had been retarded and prevented by a state of war . They had been calculated to accrue upon a prospect of peace . argued , that the fear of the eventual liability of parliament arose from the want of sufficient proofs of the validity of the company 's security , which parliament was bound to ascertain , before it should give its sanction to the issue of the Bonds . After some further explanation , the amendments were agreed to . insisted that time should be allowed to make enquiry into the solvency of the company before any farther proceedings on the bill . had no objection to a delay 909 of a few days for the production of the accounts now ordered ; but he feared , a total ripping up of the company 's affairs was intended.— The bill was then ordered to be read a third time this day se'nnight . On the motion for going into a committee on this bill , said , he assented to the bill 's going into a committee , from the assurance he had received of the present alarming state of the country from others , besides those who now directed its government , and because he hoped to find it in a much less objectionable shape when it came out of the committee . To the preamble in particular , he must object primâ facie , as not applicable to the state of the country now , compared with its situation in 1796