style of confident accusation which the last member had indulged in . That hon . gent . 's parliamentary experience was not long , and he thought it would not be too much to ask , that the hon . gent . should be more known to the hon . members , before he arraigned them so freely . After alluding to what had fallen from the hon , member for Yorkshire , 740 the hon . gent . was returning to some observations on the gentleman who had spoken last , when the cry for the question became so loud and strong , that after a few words , the hon . member was pleased to sit down . refuted the legal doctrines of the hon . gentlemen on the other side of the house . He insisted that occasions must and ought to occur in which the king could have no adviser , and must act from his own feeling and sense of duty ; he would state a case to the house , which , he relied upon it , would , in their opinion , warrant his assertion ; he would suppose that , on the very first occasion on which the noble lord opposite ( Howick ) had proposed a late celebrated measure to the consideration of the king , his majesty should have thought fit to tell the noble lord that he conceived the measure to be so mischievous , that he could no longer confide in the proposer of it . Suppose he had , at that very audience , and without quitting the noble lord , demanded from him the seals of office , and so dismissed him from his service , would it be asserted that , in this case , the king would not have acted for himself ? would gentlemen say , that , in such a case , he must have had an adviser , where advice was impossible ; and would it be asserted , that such a case as he now put was an improbable one ? He relied not on this case alone , though that were enough , but any true constitutional principle , and all true constitutional practice , was also with him . He never denied , or would deny , the general principle that ministers were responsible for all acts done in their ministry ; but he would deny that they were responsible for acts done before their ministry . What if the king of England should choose ( he would for argument 's sake suppose the case ) .capriciously or improperly to dismiss a minister , must the successor to that minister bear the responsibility of the dismissal he disapproved ? If he were doomed to that responsibility , no man could accept the office , and the consequences would be , Unit no man in England could fill the employment , except the very man who had been dismissed , and who , from the difference between him and his sovereign , was the last man in England who should be called to it . But , though he thus chose to argue the matter upon principle , he would say that , in point of fact , he should have no hesitation or fear in taking upon himself the full responsibility of his majesty 's late measures . Were the king now placed in a situation 741 similar to that in which he stood on a late occasion , and were to ask for his advice , he would , under the weight of his official responsibility , fearlessly advise his majesty to the very measures which the gentlemen on the other side had arraigned . The right hon . gent . said , that the other parts of the question had been so ably and decisively settled by his hon . friends who had spoken in this debate , that he felt it unnecessary to consider them ; and he concluded by saying , that the hon . gent . ( Mr. Milnes ) who had moved the question of adjournment , could not have been aware