In Speaking of their conduct , I can not suppress the feelings I entertained for them while in office ; neither can I be silent on the circumstances which led to , and attended their dismissal . I approve of that ministry , because they preferred their principles to their places . I approve of them because they constitutionally refused to be restricted by an unconstitutional pledge . I approve of them because they were sincere in their wishes to create national strength , by national unanimity . I approve of them because they endeavoured to unite the people , and dissolve a party ; and I most approve of them because they wisely ceased to prosecute the justified claims of the Irish Catholics , when they were convinced the prosecution was highly inexpedient . I say , his majesty 's late ministers acted wisely in introducing a measure , which in its origin , appeared highly practicable , and in withdrawing it , when they were satisfied it was for the time impracticable . They proposed it with a view to conquer , and they abstained from precipitately pressing it , when they were unfortunately disappointed in that expectation . To this dilemma they were reduced , that if the bill was expedient , why not introduce it ? and being expedient , why abandon it ? [ a laugh from the ministerial benches . ] The hon . gentlemen on the opposite side may laugh , but I contend , that the true view of legislation and policy , is not to push even a good principle too far ; when there is no opportunity of effecting the object , and where the evils arising from the failure , must materially detract from the benefits of even ultimate success . But , when I lay down this position , I feel it my duty strenuously to oppose that principle , which , at a moment when we are surrounded with enemies , and assailed with dangers , at a moment when our best and surest safeguard exists in the unanimity of the people , would defeat the benefits of that unanimity—would , at the same moment that it divided the publ feeling , and distracted the popular energy , hold out to the foe , who menaces 644 us , the alarming and detestable hope , that a great majority of those who were most prominent in rank , in talents , in property , had conspired with a great proportion of your physical force , against the acknowledged establishment of Church and State . To admit such a position , is to perpetuate an incurable evil . It is to infuse into two classes of your fellow subjects , the principles and resources of an inextinguishable hostility . To support this evil , great reasons should be adduced by the advocates of disunion , or at least better reasons than we have either heard or found in the speeches and productions of those who have thought it their interest to promote it . For , however you apply your ingenuity , however anxious to realize the mischief which gentlemen have contrived to apprehend , reduce it to plain sense , analyze whatever either of dignified , profound , or learned , that has been advanced by your ecclesiacties or your corporations , whatever of wisdom or of research has been in their addresses or their communications , to this plain conclusion it must be reduced—that in the Catholic bill proposed by my noble friend ( lord Howick ) there was a danger from admitting , Catholic fellow subjects into our armies , and into a participation of the privileges of our constitution . What was the fact ? The danger , either way , has , and does exist . The Catholics constitute a great portion of your military force . They constitute almost the whole of the Irish Militia . They bear a considerable proportion to the establishment of the Irish Yeomanry . They have been admitted by the act of 1793 , to a participation of the civil rights of the constitution and , therefore