, because many of the motives alleged for introducing it , as well as the allegations upon which it was founded , were not true in the extent alleged , and were , in many respects , highly objectionable ; and , thirdly , because the subject was one which , in its various bearings , called for more serious and deliberate discussion than was practicable at the present period of the session , to justify their lordships in its adoption . He would not deny , that education to the lower orders of the community , in the extent proposed , under proper directions and limitations , might be desirable ; but he could not agree with the framers of the bill , that education , blended with morality , was more extended amongst the lower classes of the Scotch population , than amongst those of this country ; for , however superior the Scotch might be in the former , he could not admit their superiority in the latter . He objected also to the bill , because it did not propose to place instruction more upon a religious footing ; and though it was certainly less objectionable now than in its original form , which rendered the plans it proposed compulsory upon the parishes throughout the kingdom , yet the modification was , in his view , not much less inadmissible ; for it placed the adoption of such schools at the sole discretion of the majority of parishioners in number , without any reasonable 1175 discrimination of rank and property , in the parish , which certainly ought , in such a matter , to have their proportionate weight , and the want of which would be a subject of constant dispute and division . thought the bill , in the form it had reached this house , was so totally devoid of all possible ground for objection , that he was surprized at the hostility of his noble friend . He did not think the preamble liable to the objection that it was nonsense . In substance , at least , it was indisputably true ; and the mere error of a single word might be remedied in a committee . He should have thought it an insult to the understanding of the house to go into elaborate arguments , for the purpose of proving that educating the people would improve their morals and their comforts ; and as to the argument of want of time to discuss so important a subject at this period of the session , this was one among the many instances which had already occurred to falsify the pompous assertions of his majesty 's ministers , and the public papers in their interest , that the late dissolution could cause no material interruption to the public business , nor impede any of those great and salutary public measures to which the country looked , and of which this bill was certainly one . disapproved highly of the bill in its present shape , though , with his noble friend , he cherished the principle , that a good system of education properly regulated would be of great public utility . His principal objection to the present bill seemed to be the little reference it had , in his view of it , to the religious establishments of the country . Such a principle should , in considerations of the kind , be kept primarily in view . To some of the provisions of the bill he also strongly objected . The enactments had no reference to the extent of the parish . Some parishes , particularly in the northern counties , were 25 miles long , and 14 or 15 broad . A great number of the parishioners , therefore , could reap no possible benefit from the establishment of one school . Besides , the bill would go to interfere with several scholastic establishments of private institution , which were now productive of great benefit in different parts of the country . In Ireland there was a legal provision , which , he regretted , was so ill attended