for arming the people , or whether they had some more extensive measure in contemplation ? He understood there would be a full attendance of their lordships on Monday next , and he should take that opportunity of asking the question he had just mentioned . said , that the noble lord alluded to had not attended for these two days past , because he knew there was no business before the house which required his presence . He would , however , be in his place on Monday , and then the question of the noble viscount would doubtless receive a satisfactory answer . —Petitions were presented complaining of undue returns for Chippenham , Kincardineshire , Malden , Penryn , Beverley , Malmsbury , East Grinstead , Bridgewater , Christchurch , Newcastle-under-Lyne , and Westminster . The Petition respecting the latter was from the right hon . R. B. Sheridan , complaining of bibery treating , & c. on the part of lord Cochrane . The whole of these petitions were appointed to be taken into consideration , on the 25th instant.— Mr. Sheridan , though he thought it a matter worthy of the consideration of the house , to put the Standing Order relative to the exclusion of Strangers on some established footing , yet , in deference to the sentiments of many persons , for whose opinions he had a high respect , would not press the motion he intended to have offered to the house this night , but would leave the matter as it stood , hoping that a wise discretion would produce all the effect of the proposition he intended to bring forward.—Mr . Grant moved , that the house should go into a committee on the Petition of the East India Company praying for leave to raise money on Bonds , instead of increasing their capital . Mr. Creevey repeated his former assertion , that a previous statement of the company 's affairs ought to have been made ; but as some information would probably soon be acquired on the sub 754 ject , he would not object to the motion . The Speaker then left the chair . After a few words from Mr. R. Dundas , Mr. W. Smith , sir T. Turton , Mr Wallace , and sir A Wellesley , Mr. Grant moved that leave be given to bring in a bill to enable the company to raise 2 millions by Bonds , instead of encreasing their stock . This resolution was agreed to.—Mr . Sharpe adverting to the circumstance of the chancellor of the exchequer having put off his motion respecting the Lottery , stated that it was not his intention to oppose that measure , as a part of the ways and means of the present year , but gave notice , that he should take an early opportunity of taking the sense of the house on the general question respecting Lotteries . rose and spoke as follows : — Sir ; A wish to avert a part of the impending and hitherto accumulating dangers of my country , has induced me to resolve to move for certain papers relative to the naval service , not with a retrospective view to blame individuals , but that unnecessary hardships may cease to exist.—I am willing , sir , to believe that members of this house who are capable of doing justice to any cause , have remained ignorant of circumstances which for some years have embittered the lives of a portion of the community , I mean those employed in the naval service of their country ; and as to the gentlemen of the naval profession who have seats here , I suppose they either left the service before the establishment of the system of which all employed grievously complain ; or , that a degree of diffidence occasioned by the awe which this house at first inspires , has prevented any other from performing this important duty . I wish , sir , it had fallen into other hands . I lament that the means by which I have acquired a knowledge of the subject , has