, though it had not been fatal to his person , would have occasioned a counter-revolution in France ; and even a doubtful contest would have drawn upon him a dangerous attack from the continental powers . In the present circumstances , all these obstacles are removed . Napoleon has reaped an ample harvest of glory , and may now afford to delegate the conquest of England to some of his generals . He may take that course , without appearing to imply any doubt of its success , or any wish to avoid personal danger . The continental powers are so completely crushed , that there is no reason to apprehend any obstruction on their part ; and the power of Bonaparte in France is so confirmed , that even the failure of the expedition to England would not shake it . When he has so little to apprehend from an unfortunate result , and when the effect of success will be to confirm Napoleon as the master of the world , have we not every reason to suppose that the greatest hazard will be run for such a prize ? —ln those who shut their eyes against the danger of immediate invasion , there is something like absolute infatuation . Because our enemy is at a distance , and has for a while had his back turned to us , we seem to imagine , that he can never again threaten our shores . His army indeed is now on the banks of the Vistula : —But have we forgot the rapidity with which he moved from Boulogne to Vienna , and from the Rhine to Berlin ? Nor are France and the adjacent provinces left so entirely destitute of troops , but that a week or two , perhaps , would be sufficient to collect again at Boulogne , such a force as might be sufficient for the invasion . Even before the next winter sets in , it is not impossible that a French army may be on English ground ; and if the blow is delayed , it will only be that it may be struck with greater certainty . Under these circumstances , not only is the nation sunk in apathy ; but his majesty 's ministers , setting the example of blind insensibility , are not ashamed of bringing forward such a proposition as the bill before us , telling the nation that 20 or 30,000 more troops are to ensure their security.—If ever , my lords , there was an example of that infatuation which seems to be the natural forerunner of the fall of empires , is not this one ? In what are we more wise than the Prussians , who , a year ago , rushed headlongon destruction , and would not believe in the possibility of defeat ? They thought that the legions of the great Frederick were invincible , as we seem now to think that the channel is an 1127 impassable barrier . Will no experience teach us wisdom ? and is England destined to afford another terrible example that `` quos Deus vult perdere , priùs dementat ? `` —Let us rouse , my lords , from this , fatal security : let us trust no longer to a barrier that may be overcome . It is not to the channel that we must look for security , but to the hands of Englishmen fighting for their liberties , for the glory and the independence of their country . To put our trust in the sea , if it were not the extreme of folly , would be the extreme of cowardice . Shall the descendants of the men , who conquered at Agincourt and at Cressy , acknowledge that they can not meet the armies of France hand to hand , and that it is only at sea that we can cope with our enemies ? Away with the base idea , that England must entrench herfelt behind a miserable ditch , instead of coming out into the field ! Let us look the danger in the face , and prepare for our defence