of law had been committed in the appropriation of the public money , there was one point upon which he felt , that it would be necessary for him and his colleagues to come to the house for indemnity—he meant their having taken upon themselves to continue the provisions of the American Treaty , which had expired since the dissolution . This treaty had been renewed from time to time , and he trusted the house would admit the propriety of the conduct of government respecting it , considering the circumstances of our relations with that country.—Another topic of charge made by the noble lord was with respect to the Irish customs ; but he was happy to state , that this bill could be passed without any violation of the order of this house , or of the house of peers , and without any inconvenience to the public service . He proposed , that the bill should be brought in , and read a first time , after the debate this night ; that it should be read a second time to-morrow , and referred to a committee of the whole house on Monday next , in which case , the bill might be finally passed on Tuesday se'nnight , the day next but one after the present bill would expire.— ( Some marks of dissent from the opposition ) . This bill had been passed in a similar manner by the gentlemen opposite , last session.—The noble lord had objected to the dissolution , whilst the events that caused it were yet fresh , and whilst a cry existed , which had been termed a base cry , a false cry , and a beastly cry , but which had pervaded a great majority of the country ; and the noble lord had put it to him as a lawyer , and as a man , whether he thought that the concessions to the Catholics were a violation of the king 's coronation oath ? But , though neither the indulgences that had been given to the Catholics , nor the concessions then proposed , were , or would be a violation of the coronation oath , he would maintain , that if his majesty , the obligation of whose oath was personal , thought them dangerous to the church , they ought not to be forced upon him , on the authority of any minister.—The noble lord had adverted to his conduct on former occasions , as inconsistent with his present conduct . But the no- 634 ble lord alluded particularly to his conduct in 1801 , when Mr. Pitt went out of office . He . should have recollected what was the situation of the country at that time ; and what was the conduct of the receding minister , who did not retire reluctantly from office , nor oppose his successors with a view to force himself again into office . Had any attempt been made to bring his majesty to the bar of that house ? —As to the measure of the noble lord , he should solemnly and sincerely declare , that if carried , it would have proved extremely dangerous to the church , because it was only-the beginning of a system which was to be followed up by a repeal of the Test acts on the first convenient opportunity . Would the noble lord state that they would repeal the Test act ? — [ Yes ! ] Then they could not think it surprising , that those who thought the repeal of those acts dangerous to the Protestant church should oppose their bill . The noble , lord had said , that the measure had been dropped ; but was it not to be taken up at a convenient opportunity ? He contended that it was the duty of those who thought the repeal of the tests dangerous , to oppose this bill . But then they were told of the inhuman cry that had been set up , and of the blood that might be spilt in consequence if the cry were false why had it produced such