, the hardships imposed upon individuals by the different mode of applying the ballot , he still considered , that the army of reserve plan was an easier and cheaper means of raising men , than the plan proposed by the noble lord . He expressed doubt whether the supplemented militia could be raised to the full extent proposed by the measure , whilst there was a certain proportion of the former supplemental militia at serving in the militia . replied , that the objection was a legal , not a political one , but declared it to be his opinion , that alter the supplemental militia had been reduced or incorporated with the original militia , it was perfectly competent to his majesty and the legislature to call out the amount of supplemental militia proposed . The house then resolved itself into a committee on the bill , in which the various blanks were filled up , after much discussion , conformably to the general outline of the plan opened by the noble framer . When the bill had been gone through , to propose a clause which should have for its object , to allow the militia an option either to enter into the army for the term of 7 years , or for life . He by no means conceived that the plan of the right hon . gent . ( Mr Windham ) held out those superior inducements which gentlemen on the other side appeared to imagine . He could state one circumstance that strongly inclined him to think that it did not . When it was judged necessary to encourage men to volunteer from the militia for the expedition to Holland , the terms 985 given , were ten guineas bounty to every man who volunteered for general service for five years in Europe . At the same time , lord Cornwallis , who was then lord lieutenant of Ireland , thought it would be better to try whether he could not get the men to volunteer from the Irish militia for general service for life . For this purpose , he proposed 10 guineas to those who enlisted for five years ; and 12 guineas to those who should enlist for life , and yet out of 9,000 who enlisted , there were only about 250 Who did not prefer the additional two guineas with the condition of serving for life . This was a strong fact against the measures of the right hon . gent . He thought that the gentlemen the other side , ought to be very glad that such an opportunity was afforded of immediately comparing the effect of the two systems . One great object which induced him to bring in the clause , was the serious mischief which would result from discharging such a large proportion of an army in the same year , as they would become entitled to their discharge nearly at the same time . had one general objection against offering the option proposed in the clause , because it would materially interfere with the system now in existence . The necessity of bringing up such a clause a strong argument against the measure of the noble lord . in confirmation of the argument of his noble friend , sated that the force that would be raised within the present year by his measure , and by the ordinary recruiting , would amount to 43,000 men ; and if so large a proportion of our military force were to be entitled to their discharge at the end of seven years , it might be productive of much mischief . should give a decided negative to this clause , thus surreptitiously introduced into the bill without notice , to subvert the system at present in force . Why had the clause not been produced at first on the face of the bill ? to correct the mistake of the hon . gent. , reminded the committee , that his noble friend had , in the first instance , stated his intention to bring forward this clause in the committee . The reason why they had not