to the public ; is it not essential to the honour and character of this house , —that they who have distinctly received and entertained such a charge , should as distinctly and unequivocally dispose of it ? To the public , Sir , it is unquestionably due : for if the view of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Curwen ) who spoke last , is correct ; if there are abuses existing , such as those which are described by him , and which are charged by the hon . mover of this enquiry ; it is the important , the essential duty of this house to hunt out those corruptions , to drag them forth to public view , and to public resentment and , bringing the guilty authors of them under the lash of those laws which they have violated , to subject them to the punishment and disgrace which they have so justly deserved . But what is the course which the hon . gent , prescribes ? He made his charges openly , fairly , and manfully : does he support them fairly and manfully to their conclusion ? The address which he proposes appears to me to be no less inconsistent with the manner in which the hon . gent . preferred the charge , than the adoption of it would be disgraceful to the house . Can it be gravely proposed to us ; that we should conclude our long and laborious enquiry into this important subject , with an opinion which we affirm with hesitation , and almost retract as soon as we affirm it ? Can it be seriously intended that we should state , not that , in plain language , the accusation of corruption is specifically established , —not that it is impossible these corrupt practices could have existed without the knowledge of the D. of Y , ; but , as if the truth or falsehood of that allegation was a matter of indifference , that , whether they existed without his knowledge or with it , it amounts practically to the same thing ; the conclusion must be still the same ; and this house must equally in either case address the king to remove him ! Can the hon . gent. , can any man in this house , really think it consistent with our 56 character , thus to leave this great question of corruption , this question of such high guilt or innocence , undecided ? It might be true , indeed , that after acquitting h. r. h. of the charge of corruption , after absolving him from that base , despicable , and detested crime ; we might yet find some instance of neglect of duty , some circumstance marking a want of attention to the interests of the public , some offence of a lighter dye , more or less , even of a public nature , which might appear still to require the censure of this house , and still to call for his removal from office . But would this address be a proper mode of proceeding in such a case ? Shall we , if in our deliberate opinion h. r. h. is not guilty of corruption , act as the hon . mover would recommend us ? Would the house in the case of any individual , will it in the case of the son of our sovereign , a servant of the public , who has so ably and so usefully served his country during the fourteen years in which he has presided over the army ; who has done so much for the comfort of the soldier , and for the interests of the meritorious officer ; who has improved the condition of that army ; who has brought it to a state of discipline and perfection unprecedented in any period of our history ; who has made it , as it now is , the dread of our enemies , and the admiration , of the world ; will the house , I say , sir , act against him upon the