read the whole of the letters alluded to ? —Then as to the letter referring to O'Meara ; did not this serve to prove the influence of Mrs. Clarke ? What , indeed could have originally induced this foolish ambitious man , who was so anxious to preach before royalty , to take his testimonials to such a woman , but the notority of that influence ? 276 Was there a man who could doubt the influence after the reading of these letters ? Could his right hon . friend himself ( considering probabilities ) suppose from the nature of the connection subsisting between the Duke of York and Mrs. Clarke ; from the description of feeling which these letters betrayed , that any subject which materially engaged the mind of his royal highness was likely to be concealed from , that woman ? It was just as possible to believe such a thing as that his royal highness upon crossing the street , or going from the Horse Guards to Gloucester-place , totally lost sight of that business which must have so much occupied his-attention . No doubt the hon . and learned gent . who made a statement to the house that the Duke of York had never had any communication with Mrs. Clarke upon military subjects , stated only what he believed to be true and only what the Duke of York himself might have believed also , considering the fallibility of human memory . But it was against the reasonable presumptions of probability , against the general conceptions of human nature ; against obvious inferences from evidence in the allegations of unquestionable documents , to believe that such communications had not frequently and unreservedly taken place.—Having stated the prominent points in the evidence which lie deemed material for the consideration of the house , upon the decision to which he wished it to come , he thought it necessary to add , that he saw nothing , acting judicially , which would warrant the house in taking any farther criminal proceeding , because no personal corruption appeared to attach to the accused . The assurance of this fact must be a source of peculiar comfort to the parental feelings of the sovereign when he should be assured that the charge having been made , it proved to be unfounded , and that assurance would form a part of his Address . But with that he meant to connect some points upon which he thought it absolutely impossible to give a negative , notwithstanding the ingenious display of his right hon . friend.—Here the hon . gent . entered into an examination of the letters found in the custody of capt . Sandon , and which Mrs. Clarke never could have expected to see produced upon any occasion ; she in one or two of them requested that they might be burned . From one of these letters he observed , that a very extraordinary inference was attempted to be drawn . He alluded to the 277 letter in which Sand on is requested not to enter her box at the play , not however because the Duke was to be there , no , but because he was to be accompanied by Greenwood , who might speak ill of Sandon . From this letter an inference was attempted to be drawn , most singularly indeed , that Mrs. Clarke was anxious to conceal her military transactions from the Duke of York . But , what was the fact ? Was it not that she , as it appeared in evidence , never desired to conceal Sandon from the Duke , but from Greenwood , between whom and Mrs. Clarke a strong jealousy existed , as well as between that woman and colonel Gordon . To this jealousy it was owing that caution was employed ; that measures were always taken that any application for promotion by Mrs. Clarke should go in the regular way ; that official forms should be attended to , in order to blind Gordon and Greenwood , and to avert the consequences of their jealousy or suspicions.—There was another point in the