Kirkman , in which , undoubtedly , many great complaints are made against col. French , and in which , the amount of the expence per man is stated at 150l . But , it does appear , whatever may have been colonel French 's conduct , and the ill success of his levy , in other respects , that he was so far well founded in his complaint , that he had not had the benefit which he was entitled to , under his letter of service . On the 20th Feb. col. Gordon returns the Duke 's answer to the report , in which answer full credit is given to the motives of gen. Taylor ; but col. Gordon adds , `` It certainly appears , that a premature judgment had been formed on the probable success of the exertions of col. French , and that the terms of his official letter of service were not allowed him . I am further commanded to transmit to you , a copy of a letter which the Commander in Chief has instructed the Inspector-Gene- 101 ral to write to col. French ; and should it hereafter appear , that with every reasonble facility , col. French should fail in the engagement he has undertaken , it is the intention of h. r. h. to communicate to that officer , that his levy should be discontinued . '' The letter inclosed was dated the 2nd Feb. in which gen. Whitelocke acquainted col. French , that , `` unless a very considerable increase shall take place in the number recruited prior to the 1st April next , h. r. h. will feel himself under the necessity of recommending to his majesty , to discontinue a levy so unproductive . '' Although some more men were recruited , as appears by the return from Ireland , yet that number was not sufficient to justify its continuance . On the 11th April a complaint was made to the inspector-general of the recruiting service , of the misconduct of the temporal Serjeants belonging to the levy in the London district ; and on the 16th April h. r. h. writes to the secretary at war to discontinue this levy . These , sir , are the facts and the dates of this transaction . The fact which the hon . gent . principally adverted to , as that which should have occasioned the immediate discontinuance of the levy ; namely , the cost of 150l . per man ; that fact , sir , would , in my opinion , justly induce a prudent person rather to try the levy a little longer , than to give it up just at that time . Why ? because the whole , or at least a great part of all the expence of the machinery , if I may so express myself , for carrying this levy into effect , had already been incurred . The appointment of the Serjeants and non-commissioned officers had taken place ; the expence of these appointments occurred at the commencement of the levy , and before it could proceed . Now , suppose that the levy , instead of being stopped at the end of twelve months , had been closed at the end of one month , there can be no doubt that the ratio of ex-pence to the public , in proportion to the men raised , would have been infinitely greater . There is nothing therefore , in this case , which shews the D. of York to have neglected the public interest , in continuing the levy after he had been informed of the expence with which , up to that period , it had been attended . It is supposed , that the D. of Y. shewed a considerable , degree of tenderness to col. French , and that he must have done 102 so through the influence of Mrs. Clarke . Now , let us see how this stands . On the 2d of Feb. , notice is given through gen. Whitelocke , of h. r. h. having taken the subject into consideration ; and