now enter into the mind of any man seriously to doubt its authenticity . As well might gen. Clavering have questioned that of the letters in his own handwriting ; as well might be questioned the authenticity of the letters of his royal highness from Sandgate and Weymouth . Sir , I do not believe in the personal corruption of the Duke of York . I do not believe that there was any thing like pecuniary participation ; but I do say , that it is not possible for any man seriously to reflect on this note , accompanied by all the circumstances of Tonyn 's case , without a full conviction that Mrs. Clarke exercised that interference in military promotions which was inconsistent with the propriety of the important office held by the Duke of York , the existence of which interference he had directly and unequivocally denied to my learned and hon . friend , to col. Gordon , and to the 637 Chancellor of the Exchequer . But , Sir , independent of this case , which I think must be admitted oh all hands to be irrefragable proof of the interference of Mrs. Clarke , there is the very strong , and , in my apprehension , disgraceful case of Kennett . Let any man read the correspondence relating to Kennett , the letters he wrote to various persons connected with the Duke of York , and the various answers to those letters , and say whether there is not ample evidence of improper interference ? This negociation , this disgraceful traffic , I know , Sir , was coupled with a solicitation for an office of some value , the Collectorship of the Customs of Surinam ; and in a letter , not that relative to the Loan of 70,000l . which was negotiating , but in another letter of the 16th Sept. 1804 , Kennett expresses his anxiety for the Collectorship , after all reasonable hope might have been supposed to be extinguished ; he says , in that letter , `` that the gentleman from whom he desired the Collectorship still flattered himself with the hope of getting it , and if that object could be effected he would advance to any amount '' . Now this letter was addressed to col. Taylor , and the substance of it was stated to the Duke of York . Yet we do not find that after this glaring and direct proposition the correspondence was discontinued . There is not , it is true , in this case , any evidence of direct and completed personal corruption ; but combining this transaction with the different letters , and other transactions before the house , it is quite impossible that this house should pronounce by their vote , that the Duke of York had not any knowledge of these transactions.—The right hon . member who spoke last warned the house with great seriousness against suffering the loud and petulant cry of popular clamour to govern or influence the proceedings of the house of Commons . In this sentiment no man , Sir , can-agree more heartily , more sincerely , or more cordially than I do . But it must be recollected , that this case is one in which , of all others , the educated and well informed part of the community are perfectly capable of drawing correct conclusions , and of forming rational and proper decisions . You have daily issued to the public at large , authenticated copies of all the evidence and proceedings in this case . And the well informed part of the community , persons of birth and education , forming in this kingdom no inconsiderable number , are not only capable of exercising the 638 functions of Jurymen , but are actually , many of them , in the constant , and a great proportion in the frequent , habit of executing that duty : that class of people to whom I allude are all more or less connected with the exercise of the office and duty of a Juryman ; they are accustomed to weigh , consider ,