, that might be expected to follow from trusting that power to the deliberations of this House ; nor , in truth , would this fall materially short of taking at once from the Crown , the command of the army . Upon this topic I can not easily forget a memorable expression of the great lord Chatham : `` It would be ( he said ) to pluck the master feather from the eagle 's wing . '' In truth , such an attack upon the prerogative would be ruinous , and introductive of the partiality and corruption intended to be suppressed . The next case was col. French 's Levy ; the charge being , that it was originally allowed , and afterwards continued , to the detriment of the service , entirely through the influence of Mrs. C. , purchased by a large bribe to her with the D. 's knowledge . In this case there is , perhaps , at the first view , something more of the semblance of proof , than in any other ; but the history of the transaction is sufficient to shew that nothing Reasonably could be objected to it in point either of propriety or regularity . It was not the first time that officer had been employed in a similar service ; and from his former exertions , it was fairly presumable that they might be repeated with utility . His proposal was not accepted until it had been fully scrutinized and modified , considerably to his prejudice , in the usual course , by the proper officer , a gentleman by no means favourably inclined 36 to that mode of recruiting ; and the subsequent alterations respecting the bounty were merely the necessary consequence of encreased bounties given to the line . But it is urged , that the Duke 's knowledge of the presents made to Mrs. Clarke is in this Case proved by Miss Taylor . But who is Miss Taylor ? How little credit is due to her testimony ? and what are the few loose expressions which she professes to remember ? Surely the evidence of Mrs. Clarke 's constant companion ought to be received with great oaution . The solitary instance which she recollects , upon any military subject , or upon any other , is to this effect : — that , the Duke of York once complained that French worried him continually about the levy ; and turning to Mrs. Clarke , she thinks he said , `` How does he behave to you , Darling ? '' To which she answered , `` Middling — not very well ; '' and the Duke replied , `` Master French must mind what he is about , or I shall cut up him and his levy too . '' Now , sir , is it not a rule of ordinary justice , that if words are equally capable of two constructions , that sense shall be put upon them which is consistent with innocence ? Indeed the opposite appears to me an overstrained and unnatural construction . To my understanding , the question obviously means , `` Does he worry you , as he does me ? '' and to that question the answer may be true ; whereas in the imputed sense , it is obviously otherwise , for he had already behaved more handsomely than she had any right to expect.— So much for the interpretation of vague words , which the witness only thinks she remembers . But let the house reflect upon the connection which is represented to have subsisted between Miss Taylor and the other parties . If she really was the bosom friend and frequent companion of Mrs. Clarke , and she was distinguished by the Duke 's fondness and familiarity ; and if it is equally true , as Mrs. Clarke declares , that her corrupt practices were all communicated to h. r. h. , let me ask , whether it is to be credited , that this paltry evidence of Miss Taylor would be confined to a single ambiguous phrase ? or whether she