the hon . bart . himself had condescended voluntarily to offer some explanation , as it is in a great measure personal to him . A witness , of the name of Donovan , had deposed at the bar , that Mrs. C. , in the course of some efforts which she made to induce the witness to join her in this prosecution against the D. of Y. , informed him , as an additional allurement , that she was strongly supported , and that some persons had offered her considerable sums of money for the possession of her papers . When called upon to name the persons whom she had mentioned , Donovan , with evident unwillingness , great agitation , and every outward sign of sincerity , answered that Sir F. Burdett , and a capt . Dodd , who holds some place about the Duke of Kent , 433 were the persons . Sir , it will be recollected , that , at that time , I expressed my disbelief of this story of Mrs. C. 's ; and , as neither the hon . bart . nor capt . Dodd were present to defend themselves , I did attempt to extract the truth of this matter from her ; but I own , in vain ! Now , Sir , it may or may not be true that these gentlemen did make this offer ; but it can not be doubted that she so represented it to Donovan , and that her denial of it here is only an additional one to the thousand fables with which she has already employed our nights . Donovan gave his evidence with marks of truth that are not forgotten , and can not be doubted ; and he is most strongly corroborated by Mrs. C. 's own Letter to Mr. Adam , in which , speaking of those papers , she says , 'On Tuesday I have promised to give them up , if I hear nothing further after this last notice ; and when once out of my possession , it will be impossible to recal them . It is to gentlemen , and not to any publisher , that they will be committed ; and these gentlemen are just as obstinate as h. r. h. and more independent : they are acquaintances of yours ; and to relieve my wants , and in pique to others , will do what the Duke will not . ' These words undeniably confirm what Donovan states in every point ; except that to Donovan she confided the names , and that to Mr. Adam she gives only the description , but a description almost as accurate as the names would have been . It is , sir , upon this ground that I call on the hon . bart . to explain his part of this affair ; either to acknowledge ( which I own I do not expect ) the offer , or else to contradict Mrs. C. 's assertion to Donovan , which I am prepared to believe he will . After the comprehensive and minute speech of an hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Whitbread ) , and the brilliant eloquence and irresistible argument of my right hon . friend ( Mr. Perceval , ) I shall not weary the house with more of the details of evidence than are absolutely necessary to explain my own views of the subject . I know , sir , how much this thrice-told tale must now vex the ear of the house , and , for my own sake , heartily wish that I could altogether dispense with any reference to matter that no abilities could enliven , and which in my hands must become alike wearisome to my hearers and myself . I shall therefore not wade through that odious mass , the evidence of Mrs. C. I will not exhibit the ten thousand falsehoods which it contains . I will not waste your 434 time by showing , that in almost every answer , on every subject , every thing is false , or , at least