I believe he did not state in the house . '' This conversation , in York-place , she says , passed between her and Pierson before he was called to corroborate her story , and she so far imposed upon the hon . gent . as to induce him to believe , that , if Pierson was called , he would substantiate what she had stated . He is called ; when , instead of his saying it was a note for 200l . 100l . or 50l . he knows nothing of its value . He was examined as to a note changed at night ; he denies it , but recollects there was one given to Ludowick , to be changed in the morning . When he first came , his 90 head-ache had so deranged him , that he talked only of a note which Ludowick went out in the morning to get changed , and brought back again . He comes again . His former evidence was read over , and he was addressed in this way : `` Is there any part of that evidence on which you wish to make any observation , or alteration , or any addition ? `` — '' No alteration . On the night that the D. of Y. went to Weymouth , about 10 o'clock at night , I was sent out to get a bill changed ; I went out and got it changed , and brought it in , and I returned it to Mrs. C , she looked it over , and said it was all right . The D. of Y. was present when I gave the bill to Mrs. C , and received it from Mrs. C. '' Such is the recollection of this witness upon his second examination , and this he calls no alteration of his former evidence . It is here necessary to observe , that the evidence of this witness , upon his second appearance , as far as the hon . gent . 's examination was concerned , would have closed with the answer to the first question , namely , `` the D. of Y. was present when I gave the bill to Mrs. C , and received it from Mrs. C. ; '' and if his evidence had closed here , every thing respecting the amount of the note , and the place where he says he got it changed , which gave the means of shewing that even this evidence , so far from confirming , contradicted Mrs. C , as to the identity of the note , ( which is all that is important upon the subject of it , ) would have been sunk ; and every thing that enabled us to falsify his evidence , by proving that he did hot get it changed where he said he did would also have been lost to the truth of this enquiry . What follows in his evidence is upon the cross-examination . `` Have you spoken with nobody about it ? '' `` With nobody , I have not spoken to any one . '' He afterwards says , that he met Ludowick in the Park , who observed , that one of them must be mistaken , but he could not say how it was . He is asked if that was all that passed between you arid Ludowick ? His reply is , `` It was all that passed between him and . me , except he said , that I must make a mistake ; that there was a bill brought down one morning in his presence , of10l . by Mrs . Favorite , and given to a girl to go out and get changed , and he thought I must have made a mistake about that bill . '' He does not then proceed to aver that he did not make a mistake , but he leaves Ludowick 's observations unreplied to , and it 91 must therefore be considered hi fairness , that he admits that observation as a correction of his former evidence . He is