we shall find that here also he relies upon Mrs. C. 's evidence , and that these very cases furnish additional reason for discrediting her . The first to which he applies himself is the exchange between col. Knight and col. Brook , and he urges as a confirmation of Mrs C. 's testimony that the 200l . which she stipulated for upon the completion of the exchange , was actually paid to her when that event took place . It was so , but in what does this confirm her ? In a fact , which never was controverted , that she had made a corrupt contract for 200l . which sum she actually received . The fact disputed , that upon which the whole question turns , is , whether this passed with the knowledge of the D. of Y. , and in this she is confirmed by no one ; but she so frames her story , that fortunately for the cause of truth , it is contradicted by certain indisputable facts , of which she was ignorant at the time , and therefore did not render it consistent with them . The facts within her knowledge were , that she had deluded Dr. Thynne and Mr. Knight into a belief that by her influence with the D. of York she could effect this exchange—that under this delusion they had promised her 200l . when the exchange should be effected—that it appeared in the Gazette on the 30th July that she received the 200l . in a bank note on the 31st—that in the night of the 31st the D.of Y. set : out for Weymouth , and she was herself ' going out of town the next morning . To these facts , she adds , from her own I invention , the following : that two or three days , she is sure not more than 249 three , before col. Knight was gazetted , she applied in his favour to the D. of Y. , and stated that she was to receive a pecuniary compliment for her interest—that the Duke raised some objections , but promised that he would do it—that after dinner on the 31st she shewed the bank note , which she had received , to the D. of Y. , and desired that one of his servants might get it changed , as she wanted the money for her journey the next day , and that one of the Duke 's servants did accordingly get it changed for her . It was material that she should bring the time of her pretended application to the D. of Y. as close as possible upon the completion of the exchange , because the exchange immediately following her request , would more naturally be ascribed to her influence . For this reason she persists in saying , that no more than three days intervened between her application to the Duke and the gazetting of col. Knight , and if this were so , her application must have been at least as late as the 27th of July , and the Duke must then have raised his objections to the exchange , but still have promised to do it . She perceived no danger in this statement of dates , she saw that it gave a colour of probability to her story , and therefore she persisted in it . She was not then aware that this exchange , for which she pretends to have obtained the Duke 's consent , by means of a bribe , and against his better judgement , on the 27th , had actually received the Duke 's hat on the 23d , was approved by his Majesty on the 24th and was not inserted earlier in the gazette , because by some accident the papers were not returned from Windsor with his Majesty 's signature in the usual course . All this appears from written documents , which can not deceive . There is the memorandum in the office of the Commander in Chief that h. r. h. had approved this exchange on the 23d . There is a