was not . She recollected a something which happened three years ago , and , retaining that , forgot all others , as if she had been asleep ever since . Hence , he contended , that the whole of their testimony went for nothing ; that it was to extort money , and originated in systematic deception . It appeared to him the most incredible thing on earth , if the Duke had really been conscious of any corrupt practices , such as had been imputed to him , that he should part from this wo- 532 man in the manner he did , without making arrangements to induce her not to mention those transactions . It was incredible that he should have preferred an investigation like the present , attended with so many painful exposures , to a compromise with this woman , if he had not been perfectly conscious of innocence . The noble lord then proceeded to make some further observations on the evidence of Mrs. Clarke and Miss Taylor ; and stated that he was decidedly of opinion , that the latter , in giving her evidence , was influenced by Mrs. Clarke , and ought not to be believed . He then took a circumstantial and comprehensive view of the Duke of York 's conduct , as to the dismissal of Mrs. Clarke , and contended , he would not have applied to the hon . and learned member ( Mr. Adam ) to employ Mr. Low ten and Mr. Wilkinson to investigate into her conduct , if he had not known himself to be perfectly innocent ; he never had shrunk from any coercive menace she had threatened him with . He regretted that the letters from his royal highness to Mrs. Clarke had ever been written , but it shewed the purity of his motives , when writing them , that he did not afterwards wish to purchase them . As to the feeling of the army with respect to the Duke of York , he was convinced that no man ever enjoyed so completely their affections , and no man had ever done so much good to the British army . Under his administration every attention had been paid to the comforts of the soldier , and the character of the army had made rapid strides to perfection , and he should implore the house to consider rather the military charges against him , than the accusation of immorality . If even under the corrupt influence of Mrs. Clarke , he had never given any appointments that were not justified on strict military grounds , it must be supposed his future administration would he still more free from blame , now he had extricated himself from that influence and connection , and received a very severe lesson , from the evils it had occasioned , and the painful exposures which had been made . There was another point of view in which the subject was of the highest importance . His royal highness stood very near in the succession to the throne . If he should now be branded as a man unfit to be trusted in the service of his country , the same reason should go to induce Parliament to exercise their power in cutting off his succession ; for how could a man , stained with infamy and corruption , 533 command , or deserve the respect and affections of the people of this country ? On that account he deprecated any condemnation by the House of Commons , but demanded , as he had undoubtedly the right to do , a trial by his Peers , in case the house should think there was a sufficient case to put him on his trial . Alluding to the Letter of his royal highness , presented to the house , he said it was that of an innocent man claiming that which is the birthright of every Englishman . It did not go farther than declaring his innocence , and protesting against being tried in his absence , and that on evidence not given on oath . The clamour