ought , when he took leave to thank the hon . member who brought this subject forward . would have assented to the motion for the delay of this matter , if he saw any advantage likely to result to general Clavering by so doing ; but as to his wailing for the purpose of being defended by lawyers , he considered that the general 's reputation lost nothing by being refused a delay that could afford him nothing better than that species of defence . Nevertheless , as this was the only application for postponement made on behalf of the party accused , he did not feel disposed to refuse it . General Clavering certainly stood in a most painful situation ; and he should think he was one that would , of himself , wish it to be speedily terminated . If the ends of substantial justice , or the dignity of the house , stood in the way , he certainly should not urge a postponement ; but that not being the case , he was not disposed to be harsh towards the individual . said , he could not understand why substantial justice could not be done now , instead of delaying it to a period when the house would be much thinner , for by Tuesday next many persons would have left town . He approved of its coming on now , for otherwise it might be shifted , and not come on at all , and , in the eyes of the public , the justice of the house must suffer by any postponement . During the interval of the previous postponements , it was well known that another person , erring in a similar manner with general Claveriug , had been treated as captain Sandon had been , and therefore he wished the country not to suppose they were inclined to favour that officer , on account of his superior rank or connections . He was very far from wishing to press this matter harshly , on account of the respectable family , with whom general Clavering was connected ; but that officer having unfortunately placed himself in his present situation , impartial justice surely demanded that he should be treated as captain Sandon had been . would not argue 778 the point , but saw a great deal of difference between the case of general Clavering , and that of captain Sandon ; the latter was an obstinate adherent to a denial of the truth . As to the case of general Clavering , he would not now say whether it was right or wrong , but certainly it was a very different case from that of captain Sandon . thought , that , whatever intimation might have been formally given some time ago , that this motion was to be brought forward , it was clear , from the thinness of the attendance , the house in general did not anticipate this discussion tonight , and that perhaps might be a consideration for postponing this subject . thought the present subject one in which there ought to be as little delay as possible , and he could not help remarking , that this measure had been already before the house once or twice , and that the house would convey to the public no very favourable specimen of its readiness to perform its duty , by delaying this subject even to a day so early as Tuesday-next , a point which he recommended to the consideration of the house , and as a matter not unconnected with its dignity . As to the idea of waiting for a fuller house , he saw no reason to give way , because he thought it impossible for the house , in any state of attendance of its members , to have any difficulty on this subject , and therefore the hon . gentleman was justified in bringing it forward in a thin house . Whether general Clavering was guilty of that which was imputed to him or not , the house should not decide the question on any little shift , and he