to register its laws . I do hope , sir , and feel confident , therefore , that the house will put out of its consideration , every thing derived from any other quarter than from the evidence and 152 argument heard within the house itself . The hon . gent , says , that `` The country will decide upon his conduct : '' I also feel , sir , that the country will decide upon mine ; and in the conduct which I pursue , I do look for the judgment which my constituents and my country will ultimately form upon the propriety of that conduct , and feel that they will estimate my public character accordingly ; and , I trust , I shall not be considered as arrogating any thing too much for myself , when I say that I have as much to lose as the hon . gent . ; that I have an interest in the public opinion not less deep than the hon . gent , himself . In the course I have pursued , whatever I have done has been open , it has been avowed , it has been before the house and the country . I have neither disguised my first impression and prejudice against the hon . gentleman 's statement , nor my opinion as I have formed it upon the evidence as it has proceeded . I have no hesitation in saying , that I have thought that in many views of this subject , and on several occasions , it has presented alternatives extremely difficult of choice . In the outset of the business it was extremely difficult to determine whether the most eligible mode to be adopted would be the open and public enquiry which has been chosen , or an enquiry before a select or secret committee ; upon the whole , I certainly did think , not without being sensible of much of the inconvenience which might attend it , that the most public enquiry , especially as it was anxiously sought for and preferred by the royal Duke himself , would be the most satisfactory , and therefore the best.—The house adopted it . And although I certainly do feel much of the inconvenience which has arisen out of this publicity , yet there has nothing occurred upon the whole that has led me to repent that choice , which in a difficult and distracting case I then thought right to recommend . I think now , that if h. r. h. is acquitted , as I think he ought , and as I trust he will , of these foul charges , that the acquittal will be more satisfactory to ourselves , and to the country , than if the enquiry had been less public . That the enquiry , if it had been less public , would have been attended with some advantages , is obvious ; but it is , equally obvious , that those advantages would have been counterbalanced by accompanying inconveniences . If any impression should have arisen in the public mind , that the true state of the evidence had been suppressed , and 153 that the privacy of the enquiry had been used as the means of screening the object of it from the censure or the punishment that he deserved , we should then have had reason to repent of such privacy . Now , sir , the grounds upon which the house of commons will come to its determination , will be those which may be as well known to the public as to themselves . But whether this determination was right or not , the choice being once made , we could not have the benefits of publicity without its attendant evils . It was necessary that we should be consistent ; and to have withdrawn any part of our proceedings from the public , to have acted on the wish to suppress or conceal any part of the case , would have created more suspicion , than if our inquiry had originally been conducted in a less public manner . Throughout