delegated to that house honourably and honestly exercised . With respect to the appointment of one respectable gentleman ( col. Walsh ) , he had only to say , without deciding upon his peculiar eligibility to that distinct situation , that from the respectability and amiableness of his former life , and his services in India , there were few situations which he would not fill with credit . As to Mr. Marsh , who had been dismissed , he would take upon himself to say , that that officer was fully competent to the duties of his official situation ; and that , in his view , the treatment which Mr. Marsh had received held him out to the public as a much injured man . Beside , the house should recollect , that to this department the utmost parliamentary vigilance ought to be directed , when it was recollected that there was in the public returns of this Board an arrear of 11,600,000l . unaccounted for . agreed in the proposition of his hon . friend , which he thought should be inserted upon the journals . said , that he had no other object in proposing that measure , than the public service , he had aimed it at no individual ; he did not wish to cast the slightest censure upon any one , but thought that that was a proper measure by which the house might shew the country its intention of acting upon the reformations propo- 759 sed . He thought he was right in his object . However , if the house were inclined to negative it , he would not push it to the vote . moved the order of the day for a committee on the Irish Malt and Spirits Duties Bill , for the purpose of postponing the consideration until Thursday next , the house being then too thin , and especially of Irish members . said , that he felt himself under the necessity of opposing the motion then before them . The reason advanced by the right hon . gentleman , namely , that so few Irish members were present , did not exist ; he had many in his eye at that moment . Ample notice had been given that the motion was to come on , and the house was then as full or fuller than it usually was when the Irish business was brought before them . The right hon . gent . generally took care that it should be too early or too late to have the benefit of a full house , and a deliberate investigation . The present certainly was a measure en-tilled to the fullest discussion , the more it was considered the more ruinous did it appear to the prosperity and tranquillity of the whole United Empire . He rose at that moment , not for the purpose of objecting to the adjournment , but to the period assigned , and would move `` that instead of Thursday they should adjourn the cons deration to that day six mouths . '' If the measure proposed by the right hon . gent . was one that could be mended , if in its progress through the committee it was susceptible of any improvement , he would not have chosen that stage to oppose it ; but as it was founded upon a principle radically wrong , the increase of the Malt Tax , as it was you capable of receiving any amendment , he chose that stage to offer his objections , because it was the first . He thought he could shew the house that it was impossible it could produce any revenue . Upon this point he would go , not to speculation but to fact.— Here the right hon . bart . went into a minute comparison of the produce of the Malt Duty for several years back , from which it plainly appeared , that from the year 1790 , the additions to the tax produced comparatively nothing ; , from which he drew the inference that the Malt Duty was then on its acme of taxation