, who would shrink with horror from the last . These letters prove permitted application , on which there is no want of confirmation ; they do not prove any knowledge of corruption , on which there is . Upon this point , the only confirmatory evidence suggested , is that of Miss Taylor and the note respecting Tonyn : both of them suspicious in their nature , and at best equivocal in their meaning . The last , indeed , has been nearly given up : it can only be forced into the service upon this point , admitting it to be the Duke 's writing , by the evidence of Sandon ; and his account of it , which alone makes it at all applicable , is rendered morally impossible by the date , and his own account of the envelope . As to Miss Taylor , she remembered the words spoke near four years ago , and remembers also , her repetition of the same , words to Mrs. Clarke , when she came to enquire about it only three weeks ago : and yet declares she does not remember one more word of the conversation which then passed between them , so material , in order that the house may see whether these words were not suggested or varied by the ingenious dexterity of Mrs. Clarke , so as to make them capable of the construction that has been put upon them : But the words 557 of themselves , convey not the least idea of any thing pecuniary . `` French is perpe- '' tually worrying me about the levy ! how `` does he behave to you , darling ? '' What is the natural and plain meaning of these words ? Why , certainly , does he worry you in the same manner ? It may prove the Duke 's knowledge of her having been applied to by French about the levy , but has no reference at all to any thing pecuniary . It is not , indeed , inconsistent with his royal highness 's knowledge of the money , but it is , at least , equally consistent with his total ignorance of it , and his knowledge only of French having applied to her . The words , in their plain meaning , import nothing but the latter : you arrive only at the former by the evidence of Mrs. Clarke . It is her evidence alone , that can give them the construction , that is to confirm her ; what is it , then , but confirming her by herself . It is not unimportant to observe here , that the words , stated in the public prints to have been proved by Miss Taylor , are , `` darling , does French behave handsomely to you '' ? words , most materially different from the truth , that would certainly imply a pecuniary transaction , and would be therefore an important confirmation of Mrs. Clarke ; and upon this very scandalous misrepresentation of these important words on this most important point , opinions have actually been formed against the Duke , which were instantly changed , when this falsehood was corrected . What respect is due to the public opinion that may be formed upon misstatements such as this ; and in a cause , too , where the superficial outline of the case against the Duke upon the evidence of Mrs. Clarke , is plain and intelligible to all ; but the falsehood of it is to be detected only by a minute attention to dates and circumstances , and by an accurate comparison of different parts of the evidence , that must be brought together for the purpose ; for which the many who read it in the papers , have neither the leisure or the means . Upon the conclusions drawn from the expenses of the establishment , it is sufficient to refer to the explanations that have been given , and particularly to the satisfactory observations , made upon it by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) last night