? He had separated from her , not , certainly , because she had taken money for commissions ; but how had he behaved to her ? He had cast her off , fulfilled none of his promises , left her in debt and distress , and threatened her , if she complained or troubled him , with the pillory . This she had proved , because she had put it in the power of her enemies to disprove her assertions , if false , by producing Taylor the bearer of the threat ; they had not done so , and her statement must therefore be considered as proved . It quite confounds the understanding that the D. of Y. should threaten with pillory , and leave to misery and want , the woman with whom he had so lived , to whom he had written the letters on the table ; his excessive affection and tenderness could alone mitigate the severity of censure upon his folly : bat no , she was shaken off like an old shoe , and threatened with infamy ; here was immeasureable folly , but no tenderness , the fault without the excuse . Where was the honour of a Prince ? the honour of Mrs. C. induced her to offer to sacrifice her annuity if the Duke would pay the debts , his debts as much as her 's be it observed , but this was refused ; Where then was the honour of a Prince ? The annuity was no mighty settlement , considering the terms on which she had lived with h. r. h. ; it was not performed ; and when required , the answer was , You have no bond , noble 'gal demand : ' and there was the honour 'of a Prince ! ' He knew not what were the component parts of the honour of a Prince , or in what it differed from that of another man ; whether truth and justice , which were the essence of the honour of another , were no ingredients necessary in the honour of a Prince : if so , h. r. h. might still possess the honour of a Prince , but it would not weigh a feather in opposition to the evidence before the house , and it was the most worthless pledge that could be offered to the consideration of the house . Now then let us consider the honour of a woman no better than Mrs. Clarke . Mr. Few , an upholsterer , was called to discredit Mrs. C. 's testimony , by proving that she had passed herself off for a widow ; but the learned gentlemen who managed the de- 386 fence for h. r. h. were as unfortunate in this as in all their other attempts to discredit Mrs. C. : whether she had or had not passed herself of for a widow signified little , but Mr. Few proved no such thing ; but he did prove in favour of Mts . C. as high an act of honour and honesty as any one ever had to boast of ; she cause not here with honour on her lips , but she has shown it not ostentatiously or purposely , but accidentally , and from the testimony of her enemies , in her actions . The witness Few brought an action against her for goods delivered : he was foiled , she being a married woman : having no legal remedy or redress , and being exasperated , he did all he could to expose and injure her ; held her out to the public as an impostor ; he placarded her through the streets in her neighbourhood . Well , and what return did this bad woman , this malicious , revengeful , unprincipled harpy , as she has been called , make to this conduct in Mr. Few ? Why , with an honour , and integrity , and principle , which would have added lustre to every situation in life , and have hardly been found in any , as soon as she had the money