first contradiction was that in which her testimony was supposed to be contradicted by that of Mr. Knight , about the injunctions to secrecy from the D. of Y . But the transaction occurred four years ago , and it was natural to think that she would be anxious not to make any incautious exposure of her practices , lest they should be put a stop to . As to the contradiction , in a more recent instance , the noble lord proved from a reference to the Minutes , 309 that the appearance of contradiction might have arisen from misconception . — The noble lord then proceeded to take a view of the other contradictions said to exist , and by ingenious comment and clear elucidation endeavoured to shew , that there really existed no contradiction at all.—He then proceeded to comment on other parts of the evidence . It had been argued , that because Miss Taylor did recollect precisely the phrase that had been made use of , that therefore she ought not to be believed . She never had seen col. French ; and it must be allowed , that the expression , if used , was a very remarkable one , and likely to be remembered . If she had visited Mrs. C. it would be recollected that she was a relation of her 's ; and was Miss Taylor to be held up to the country as a liar , who was totally unworthy of credit , for no other reason but that her brother had married Mrs. C. 's sister ? The examination had already proved of the most serious consequence to Miss Taylor ; and it was hard that she should be set down as altogether unworthy of belief , merely because she was connected with Mrs. C. It must occur to the hon . gentlemen on the other side of the house , that there were numerous instances among the higher orders in life , where not only men but women of character did associate with females , whose characters were very doubtful , and perhaps very little better than that of Mrs. C. Now , there ought to be something of equal justice among the different orders of society , and that equal justice would not be done , if Miss Taylor was to be discredited , because she did not belong to the higher class of society , and because her parents were poor . The examination of Miss Taylor had been conducted in such away ( he did not mean to throw blame upon any body for it ) that it had produced her absolute ruin . Her father was a ruined man , her mother in jail for debt , and she , a virtuous young girl [ a laugh from the Ministerial Benches ] — he should repeat , a virtuous young girl ( and however the gentlemen on the other side of the house might laugh at the term , he would say there , was nothing in the evidence , nothing in the deportment of Miss Taylor at the bar , which justified them in their merriment , or at ail contradicted the justice of the term as applied to her ) — he would repeat , this virtuous young girl , when her family was in their distress , took a boarding-school for the support of herself and her younger sister , She had a dozen 310 pupils before she was summoned to attend that house as a witness ; and in consequence of the answers which had been extorted from her in the course of her examination , nine of them had been withdrawn . Her creditors soon found out her misfortunes , and no time was lost in laying an execution on her goods ; her furniture had been all seized , the carpets torn off the floors , and she herself obliged to seek an asylum in a friend 's house . And yet , although such distress and ruin had been occasioned in her little establishment , it appeared that all the debts which she owed in the world