opinion is , that although we ought not to let this part of the case pass by without expressing our disapprobation of the transactions which it involves , yet we should not do it in such terms as will render the removal of the D. of Y. from his office a necessary consequence . The amendment proposed by my right hon . friend has been formed upon this view of the case , and appears to me , I confess , the fit course to be adopted by the house . It must be recollected , that , in considering this question , we should look to the facts as they now stand ; for we are to decide what in the present state of things is fit to be done . It should be remembered , that all those corrupt practices to which any evidence has been applied , were confined to the period of h. r. h. 's connexion with Mrs. C. ; that they are wholly of her contrivance ; and if we lay her testimony out of the case , as surely we must , they were carried on for her benefit alone , without the knowledge of the Duke : that this connexion , which commenced in 1804 , or late in the preceding year , was broken off early in 1806 : that neither before it commenced nor for the three years since it was discontinued is there the least suspicion that similar abuses have been practised by any person connected with the Duke . The utmost industry has been used to discover such abuses , and bring them home to h. r. h. , but in vain . The hon . gent. , who instituted this accusation , pursues the clue 260 which is held forth to him in major Hogan 's pamphlet , the most virulent of all the publications against the D. of Y . He seeks intelligence in that quarter , from which the author declares that any member of parliament may receive information upon the facts stated by him in his pamphlet , lie admits that he could obtain none . All this diligence of enquiry has not been able to produce a single instance of abuse practised by any person in the Duke 's household , or under his protection , since Mrs. C. was separated from him . We have then the experience of three years , that these practices have ceased . If we look to the order and regularity with which business is carried on in the office of the Commander in Chief , they pass all belief . It was not credible , that transactions of such an extent could have been conducted with so much method , or so faithfully and accurately recorded . But this , it has been said , is not owing to the Duke , it is the work of col. Gordon , and . the whole was arranged and executed by him . Col. Gordon 's merits are above all praise , and this house can never forget how excellent a servant he has been to the public , but I think we should deal unjustly by h. r. h. , if we allowed him no credit for selecting such an officer . Col. Gordon 's character was well known before he entered upon his present employment ; and if h. r. h. could have so debased himself as to mix , in this infamous traffic which was pursued by Mrs. C , he never would have received into his office such a check as col. Gordon must have been upon him . During a period of fourteen years h. r. h. has served the public with unremitted diligence , and has brought our army into the state of order and discipline in which we now see it . Against the merits of these services we are to place the abuses , which , for somewhat more than two years , Mrs. C. was enabled to practise by means of the unfortunate connection which h. r. h. had permitted to subsist between them . That they were injurious