, she now soars a higher flight of falsehood , and accuses him of having himself first suggested it . `` The Duke , '' she says , `` about half a year after I went to Gloucester-place , on my being very much distressed , and pressing him for relief , told me , that I had more interest than the Queen , and that , if I was clever , I need never trouble him for money . '' Good God ! can such an assertion be believed ; that the name of his august mother was used to encourage the corruption of his mistress , that the influence of the Queen was represented as dimming its ineffectual light before the splendour of Mrs. C. ? Could h. r. h. have so far forgotten all his duties , as to make so scandalous a proposal , disgraceful to him at once as a man , as a prince , as a son ? Certainly , sir , to be thus guilty were the extreme of meannes , and dishonour . ( Hear , hear ! from the Opposition . ) I am happy to hear these cheers ; they doubtless proceed from the good and honest feelings of the hon . gentlemen opposite ; and I therefore expect to receive from them the same encouragement , when I come to show that h. r. h. is innocent of this baseness , to prove that it is Mrs. C. 's own device , and to pour upon her head the vengeauce due to so detestable a calumny . What ! can any gentleman believe that the Duke would have made such a suggestion ? What could have been his motive ? the keeping Mrs. C. 's table without expence to himself ? for all her other expences he specifically defrayed ! Ridiculous ! If the D. of Y. had a soul framed for devising such a plan of public plunder , he would have had some greater object : the entire saving of Mrs. C. 's establishment would have been too paltry an allurement . The expences of her table , indeed ? an adequate object truly for such a risk ! On the mere abstract consideration of human motives , I should think this charge might be dismissed . But there is better evidence than any that arises from argument and deduction . The Duke may be acquitted by the very tongue that has spoken 443 the accusation : Mrs. C. herself shall disprove the slander she has uttered . Let us observe the date of this supposed conversation . `` It was , '' said she , `` a long time after I went to Gloucester-place , I should think about half a year , when I became distressed for money ; and then it was that the Duke put me on this expedidient . '' Now she went to Gloucester-place in March 1804 , and her half year , or six months , would bring the period to about September 1804 . Yet , behold ! her traffic commenced with French in the preceding February , and continued through March and April ; with Tonyn , in March : with Spedding and Bacon , probably about the same time , certainly not later than July ; and Sandon , her chief agent and purveyor of dupes , appears to have personally commenced his corrupt practices with her at latest , in May . General Clavering 's offer , too , of 1,000l . ( which he was induced to make from bearing that she was in the habit of taking money ) , though we can not ascertain the day on which it was made , must have been considerably prior to the 30th of June 1804 ; because we find this offer took place before she and Clavering knew each other , and was indeed the cause of their acquaintance ; and that we find , by the date of their letters , that they were very intimate so early as the month of June . Thus , then , the great mass of charge