'' If the Commander in Chief meant by that question , as his learned friend had argued , to ask only whether col. French was teazing her as he did himself , why had he not directed her to shut her door against his applications ? But why should the D. of Y. have known at all that col. French saw Mrs. C. ? ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) . Why ask her , how does he behave to you ? Could any body suppose that that expression had any other but one meaning , viz . Is he liberal to you ? Does he supply you plentifully with money ? In getting the money , Mrs. C. might very 411 well tell the D. of Y. she wanted it for the purpose of removing the difficulties of which she was in the habit of complaining to him . It had been said that col. French had given to Mrs. C. much more money than by agreement he was bound to do ; but that was nothing to the question . The payment of the money , and the privity of the Duke to the transaction , as proved by Miss Taylor 's evidence , were the principal considerations . As to the discredit affected to be thrown on Miss Taylor 's testimony to this fact , in consequence of the conversation having taken place four years ago , and of the improbability of any distinct or perfect recollection , particularly of conversation , after such a lapse of time , he need only observe , that what passes in the presence of superiors generally makes a deeper impression than what passes amongst equals , and that the nature of the conversation was such as to be tenaciously remembered . The next point in the evidence to which he should refer , was that about the Note respecting Major Tonyn , and a most important part it was . In his mind , there could be no doubt that this Note had been written by the D. of Y . If he were acting as a Judge under the same sanction of an oath as Judges do , and to decide whether the life of a fellow creature was to be sacrificed upon such evidence as that , he could not have the slightest hesitation in deciding . All the gentlemen well acquainted with the hand-writing of the D. of Y. proved it to be his hand-writing , except gen. Brownrigg , who , when pressed , said only , that he did not believe it to be the Duke 's hand-writing , but that he would not swear that it was not . ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) . If the D. of Y. himself saw the Note , he was sure he would be as much surprised at the sight of it as Mrs. C had been , but would allow it to be his own hand-writing . All the gentlemen , too , who were experienced in the distinction of hands , and had been examined at the bar , concurred in the same testimony . But here he must beg of the house to reflect upon what it had done in calling upon such evidence to be examined at the bar . Never had evidence of this description been countenanced in a court of justice . One instance , indeed , had been stated by the noble lord under the gallery , ( lord Folkestone ) when such evidence had been introduced into a court of justice , but then it was for the purpose of proving 412 whether a particular paper was the handwriting of a particular person , but never to prove that it was not . What , he would ask , would be the consequences of such a pernicious precedent ? A man need now , if that principle were to be acted upon , only produce a different paper of his own hand-writing , to vacate an instrument of his own execution , by calling such witnesses to prove the difference of the hand-writing .