suppose that the documents which could substantiate them , had been destroyed at Hampstead ( Hear , hear ! ) . When she first mentioned General Clavering , was she not disbelieved ? When she mentioned Dr. O'Meara , was she not discredited , laughed at ? Was not the case the same in almost every other instance , and yet when the papers were produced , had she not been found correct and well founded in all her statements ? It was therefore not a defect of memory that , was the fault in her evidence . She did forget however , and did not hesitate to state it . She forgot Tony nyn 's case , and even after she had seen the examination of Sand on , declared that she did not remember more than she did before . If she had been engaged in a conspiracy , could she not have stated that she recollected it ; could she not have said , after having passed a night on her bed , that she then did call to mind the transaction ? , She had said the same of the Note , and yet when it was shewn to her , she instantly admitted it was the Duke 's writing , and that Sandon must have stolen it from her . Had they not seen the witness Sandon at their bar ; did they not bear his evidence , and were they not aware of his motives for concealing this Note ? He believed him capable of stealing the Note , and he was sure the house could not be of any other opinion . He had here an observation to make upon that Note , which had been erroneously called a mysterious Note , but which 308 he most solemnly believed to be the band-writing of the D. of Y . Of this he was convinced from the following consideration . The water-mark upon the paper was dated 1803 ; the writing was in an obscure manner ; it was addressed to a feigned name ; the termination of the Note itself was in the words `` God bless you ; '' and a blur appeared towards the bottom upon it . This last circumstance amounted to a strong internal evidence of the au~ thenticity of the Note . An hon . member , whom he did not see in his place , had made the ingenious remark upon this Note , that if any person had intended to forge it , where the writing was so small in quantity , he would rather write it over again than retain it with that blur . Then there was the testimony of col. Gordon , generals Brownrigg and Hope , and of the learned gent . Mr. Adam , all of whom admitted that the hand-writing was like that of h. r. h. , and none of them would say that it was not his hand-writing . Besides , all the clerks of the Bank , with the exception of one , whose peculiar business it was to ascertain the identity of signatures , had stated it to be the hand-writing of the Duke . The house , in admitting the latter persons to be examined , had , in his opinion , disgraced itself . He was sorry such testimony had been received . In Courts of Law it was admissible to prove the sameness , but never the difference of handwriting . He should be sorry to stake his character , or any thing he valued , on the proof that a written paper was not his hand-writing . In order to invalidate the testimony of Mrs. C. the right hon . gent . and the learned gent , who had just spoken , had adverted to some contradictions in her evidence . The learned member ( Mr. Burton ) had stated on a former night that these contradictions were not fewer than 28 in number ; but he had particularized only one . He was , therefore , left to consider those imputed contradictions which had been observed upon by others . The