ought to be influenced by transactions , in which I thus had , and could have , no concern ? If the object be to attach blame to me , I will only say , that we are told , that the Almighty visits the sins of the fathers upon their children to the third and fourth generation , but that I did not expect , that even that right hon . gentleman would have arrogated to himself such a power . I will leave it to the house to judge , not only of the fairness , the candour , the liberality , of the right hon . gent , but even of the decency of— [ Here the Speaker interfered , by stating with great mildness , that he would put to the noble 634 lord the propriety of desisting from the course of explanation he was pursuing , as it certainly had for its object direct personality against the right hon . gent.—Much tumult ensued , and the Speaker expressed his hope that the house would interpose in such a manner as to express its opinion . ] —Lord Folkestone resumed : Sir , I will merely add , that I will put it to the judgment and moderation of this house to decide upon the fairness ; the candour ; the liberality ; the decency ; and the justice , of the personal allusions made by the right hon . gentleman . Although desirous , Sir , of delivering my sentiments on this most important subject at an earlier period , I have hitherto forborne to present myself to the house , from the anxiety manifested by so many gentlemen to take a part in the debate ; and at this late hour , I shall not think of troubling the house at any length ; but there are some points in this important question , which I can not pass over in silence , and to which I request the short attention of the house . Before I proceed to the delivery of my opinion on the case under consideration , I can not but take the opportunity of expressing my satisfaction at the very judicious speech with which this motion was brought forward , and in which there was a total absence of personality ; with a very manifest and prominent desire of entering into a calm , cool , and dispassionate consideration of the question . Indeed , I do hope and trust , that it is out of the power of any person , either within or without this house , to impute the smallest appearance of party spirit to the manner in which this important question has been discussed . The right hon . gent , who spoke last ( Mr. Canning ) , assumes it as a position , that it is necessary to proceed by Resolutions instead of an Address , in justice to the Duke of York ; because this house ought to come to a particular decision on the accusation . Now , on what principle this argument is founded , in a case in which the conduct of a public officer of such high consideration is implicated—where he has found precedent , or principle for proceeding by Resolutions rather than by an Address , I do profess I am totally at a loss to comprehend . No charge whatever is made in this case , which is merely a corn-plaint made by a member of this house with relation to the conduct of a public officer ; and the house , as I conceive , is perfectly at liberty to adopt what form of proceeding it 635 pleases . But the right hon . gent , says , that if we proceed by way of Resolution , and should , upon the question being put , adopt any such Resolution as might be proposed , it will be competent to any member to proceed subsequently by Address , by which mode of proceeding we should be able to examine the conduct of the public officer so accused , without disqualifying him in the first instance .