nearly it touches him . The only fact brought home to his knowledge is , that he gave Birkett and Co. his acceptances to the amount of 1321l . for a debt of Mrs. C. 's ; but that Mrs. C. had ever paid them the further sum of 500l ; that that 500l . proceeded from French 's levy , ( if it really did so ) ; or that the amount of her debt to Birkett and Co. had called for the further payment of that or any other sum to them , were facts wholly out of his knowledge ; nor is it suggested that any part of the evidence shews him to have been acquainted with them . With those who attend to assertions made in argument , not to the evidence , this may have weight ; but the only fact proved against the Duke is , that he paid 1321l . for Mrs. C. to Birkitt and Co . The rest can not affect him , because , he was ignorant of it . I think that I have gone through all the observations which the hon . gent , made upon the military appointments ; and I have endeavoured to give them such answers , as they appeared to me to call for and to deserve . The view which I have taken of them leads me to a conclusion , the reverse of that which he has formed ; and for this obvious reason , that I have taken into my consideration many facts which he , thinking them probably immaterial , did not state ; and I exclude many upon which he relied , because I think them unsupported by any credible testimony . I shall now follow the hon . gent . to his observations upon the case of Mr. Dowler , whose evidence I understand him to say , remains wholly without exception . The charge is , that Mr. Dowler gave Mrs. C. 200l . and agreed to give her 800l . more , if she could procure him an office in the commissariat through her influence with the D. of Y. ; that she accordingly applied to h. r. h. , stated to him the contract which she had made , and through his interest actually obtained tile office ; and it 256 is said that Mr. Dowler , having no funds of his own , prevailed upon his father to supply him with the money for this specific purpose . That Mr. Dowler 's father was prevailed upon * to supply him with money under this pretence , and that Mr. Dowler paid it to Mrs. C , may be true . From his earliest youth , he had been led by her into a fatal course of expence and profligacy . There is little doubt , that while he was in business , he had fed her extravagance with money which ought to have been more honestly applied . When he had failed in business , and was sent back to a state of dependance upon his father , this disgraceful connexion was still continued ; the same infatuation still possessed him ; and I wonder not to find , that when he had no means of his own to satisfy Mrs. C. 's demands upon him , he had recourse to such an artifice for drawing from his father the sum which he wanted . Mr. Dowler labours to persuade us that no other interest was made for him , and therefore the appointment must have been procured by h. r. h. ; but his evidence is far from satisfactory to me on this point . The hon . gent. , professing to answer the objections which have been urged against Mr. Dowler 's testimony , insists with great force , that , in no part of his evidence he has contradicted himself . Be it so , I must still have a much better reason given for believing him , before I can give credit to his testimony . It never was said by any one , that he had contradicted himself ,