's tooth . In opposition to all the evidence on the table , the house had offered to them the honour of the D. of Y. ; this had made great part of the defence . It gave him pain that that honour should be placed in such a situation , as its being so placed compelled him to discharge the most irksome part of his duty , by analysing its value , and estimating its worth . An honourable and learned gent . ( Mr. Adam ) and friend of the D. of Y. had stated in evidence , that h. r. J ) , never corresponded with Mrs. C. on military subjects ; she said he did , and her testimony was confirmed by the documents on the table . It was also staled that once , when she ventured to mention such subjects , h. r. h. had severely reprimanded her for daring to do so . Unfortunately for the honour of a prince , all this , and much more , was confirmed by unquestionable documents lying on the table . The learned gent . ( Mr. Adam ) had explained away great part of his evidence , and had been contradicted in very material parts of the rest . The learned gent , at first stated ( and he could not help remarking on this conduct , which was similar to the conduct of most of the defenders of the D. of Y. from the commencement of this inquiry , ) he had stated , before Mrs. C. was called , that there could be no truth in the charges she was adduced to support , because the circumstances could not have happened without ? his knowing something of them , having the management of the affairs of h. r. h. Now this he did not think a fair proceeding : it was evidence against the witness , tending to prejudice the minds of those who were to judge before she appeared , and was unduly adding to the unfavourable situation she must be placed in when she did appear ; it was giving evidence against it he cause before the trial ; it was putting the gloss before the text . The learned gent . should have heard the text before he offered us his commentaries upon it . The learned gent , had in his evidence first stated that the D. of Y. never corresponded with Mrs. C. on milita- 379 ry subjects , or very rarely ; and immediately after be corrected that statement , and said never , leaving out very rarely : now this appeared to him a contradiction . It is true the learned gent . explained it , and the explanation struck him as very singular . The learned gent . said , that , when he stated in his evidence that the D. of Y. never , or very rarely , corresponded with Mrs. C. on military subjects , he stated the impression on his mind , but that he immediately corrected ; and when he stated that he never did , he stated the fact . Now he confessed it was beyond his comprehension to conceive the possibility of having an impression on the mind , and the fact in the mind at the same time , and that the impression should be contrary to the fact . This he had no doubt must be as stated , but he owned that it was beyond his power of comprehension to take in . The learned gent , had also given us to understand that Mrs. C. had given the D. of Y. offence by improperly making use of his name to raise money , which was directly contradicted by Mr. Lowten . Now , Sir , when these inaccuracies were observed in the testimony of gentlemen perfectly well acquainted with the world and its business , it was hard that Mrs. C. should be so severely treated , and her evidence swept away on account of some little mistakes about unimportant matters , which , in his mind , only corroborated the rest of her testimony