without delay . In the interim , he should propose that an advance be made of about two guineas per man , towards the expences of carrying on the recruiting service . He had no doubt that a considerable number of men might be raised in this way , and he hoped , in a manner satisfactory to the country , as there was no pressing necessity at present to expedite the raising of the public force , and as the mode would be less onerous upon individuals . He by no means , however , wished to have it understood that the principle of baliot was to be laid aside , although he conceived it was desirable not to resort to it without urgent necessity . said , it was not his intention to enter at present into this subject , while a business of so great importance was before the house . He wished , however , that an option should be afforded to his majesty of completing the Militia not only in case of an emergency , but at any time , he might think proper . After some short observations from lord Milton , Mr. Shaw Lefevre , colonel Bastard , col. Frankland , and Mr. Calcraft , leave was given to bring in the Bill . Lord Castlereagh presented it accordingly . It was read the first time , and ordered for the second reading on Monday next . observed that this was a subject which nearly concerned the very existence of the linen manufacture in Ireland . For although the flax which supplied that manufacture was almost wholly the growth of Ireland , yet Ireland was indebted for the seed to an annual supply from America , Holland , and the countries in the Baltic ; the consequence of which was a considerable failure in the supply of the last year . It was desirable to obviate , if possible , such failures in future , by rendering Ireland independent of other countries for her supply , by encouraging as much as possible the saving of the home grown seed . 540 This he thought would be best done in the first instance , by allowing a certain bounty per bushel upon all seed , the growth of Ireland , so saved , to be disbursed under the direction of the Linen Board ; and he concluded by moving That it is expedient to devote a sum of 20,000l . on the present year for that purpose , which was agreed to.—Ordered to be reported to morrow . rose to correct a misstatement made as he understood , in some of the public prints , of a passage in his speech on a former night , respecting the evidence before the house , in the case of the Duke of York , and in which he was represented to have said that a letter was addressed to Mrs. Clarke by the Archbishop of Tuam , which representation , he understood , had considerably hurt the feelings of the rev . prelate 's friends ; he begged , however , to relieve them from any anxiety on that account , so far as he was concerned , by declaring that he certainly had never made use of any such expression . What he had said was only that in which he was borne out by the evidence ; namely , that a letter written by the archbishop of Tuam , respecting Dr. O'Meara , was found in the possession of Mrs. Clarke , but it was addressed to Dr. O'Meara himself . He did not mean to make any complaint against the printer for this inaccuracy , which might have easily occurred without the slightest intention : he was only surprized at the accuracy with which the Reports of the proceedings of the house were generally given . then said , that he should defer the order of the day for calling over the house till near the time of its adjourning.—General Gascoyne said , if the house should sit till three or four in the morning without coming to any decision , he should