him , as it could be by the house . But the matter did not end here : If much was wanting , that was necessary to invite support ; there was much on the other hand that must have the effect of repelling it . It did not tell greatly in favour of a cause , that it began by a breach of confidence , and that it owed the possession of the main part of its evidence , to an act of violence committed in a house , to which admission had been procured upon terms of apparent friendship . This Was the statement admitted , or not contradicted , by the party . Mrs. Clarke says , that the papers were taken from the table in her presence , but both without her consent and against her consent . If this protest of hers , made at the time , was mere pretence ; if her resistance was merely feigned ; if the whole was a sort of permitted rape ; or a little love struggle pignusdereptum lacertis , aut digito male pertinaci , he should only observe , that it was not treating the house very respectfully , in a matter pretty important , if upon such grounds , they were to be made to believe , that Mrs. Clarke was an unwilling witness , and entitled to all the additional credit on one side , which such a character would give her . But if the facts really were as she stated , and as the honourable mover did not seem to deny , if the papers were in truth taken by him from her table , he entering the house as he did , and she protesting bonâ fide against the proceeding , —other gentlemen must think as they liked , but he must declare for his own part , that there was no one article of the charges , proved or unproved , which he would Hot rather confess to , than be guilty of the act so described . It was , at least , a pretty good reason why he should have been shy , as his hon . friends were accused of being , of mixing in a cause of which such an act stood in the front . The right hon . gentleman concluded with observing , that if the motion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer was pressed , and that no other alternative was offered , he must perforce , though by no means satisfactorily to himself , vote for the Address proposed by the honourable gentleman on the floor ( Mr. Bankes ) . rose amidst a loud cry of `` question ! Question ! '' He said he should not , at that hour , intrude himself upon the attention of the house , but that he felt it his paramount duty to deliver his sentiments on a question of such magnitude , before the house should come to a decision upon it . The right hon . gentleman who had just sat down , to his surprise , had expressed his intention of voting , as he conceived , contrary to what his opinions would have led the house to suppose , and which would almost induce a belief that he did so to mislead the judgment of others . For his part he intended to oppose both Addresses ; he dill not conceive it the proper mode to be adopted ; he thought they should vote distinct resolutions , and then act upon those resolutions ; and not adopt an Address in the first instance , which would imply that the Duke of York was guilty of criminal connivance at Mrs. Clarke 's fraud . If , however , he were to give an opinion between the two Addresses , he should prefer the Address of the hon . mover , as conveying a more direct Resolution of the house . But , what was the case stated ? It was said the Duke of York knew of Mrs. Clarke 's practices , and if he knew of them he must be personally