is brought , not within six only , but even within four months of her removal to Gloucester place . Nay , the so-much-insisted upon case of col. French was in negotiation prior to that event . But this is not all . In every attempt to corroborate her statements , she gives us further clues to develope its falsity . `` She was perfectly free from debt when she went to Gloucester-place , and her distresses for money commenced in about six months after . '' This , sir , is clearly intended to prove , that it was neither rapacity nor prodigality that induced Mrs. C. to follow the Duke 's advice , in selling her influence ; that she was in no want for six months , and then became so only by the expences of her establishment . Now , to contradict Mrs. C. , I shall produce only Mrs. C. herself . One of the letters found at Sandon 's is directed to col. French , and runs in these words : `` I tell you , you can materially serve me by giving me a bill for 200l . for two months or ten weeks . I like capt . Sandon of all things : he , I suppose , is to be the managing person . '' The first part of this letter , I 444 think , proves that Mrs. C was distressed for money ; the second will enable us to ascertain its date . It is indorsed by Sandon , `` First letter from Mrs. C. ; '' and was evidently written just after their first interview , and before there was any intimacy between them . But this interview is known to have taken place not later than the beginning of May , about the time of col. French 's departure for Ireland : and in the first week in June , we find , by their letters , Mrs. C. and Mr. Sandon on the most familiar terms . The note in question was then , written , at latest , in the middle of May : and thus about two months after her removal to Gloucester-place , was Mrs. C. distressed for money . Again , sir , the 500l . first given her by French ( though promised much earlier ) had been paid to her before Sandon ever saw her ; and therefore , having just received this 500l . she was still distressed for 200l . more . Tonyn 's 500l . she was in treaty about in June ; and that sum , together with the greater part , if not the whole , of Sandon 's 850l . must have been paid within the six months . Thus , then , to recapitulate , we find , from written documents and her own evidence , that before the expence of the establishment came upon her , and before the Duke had hinted the use of her influence , she had been in negotiation for no less than 4,250l. , of which she had actually , within the specified period , received 1,850l . These dates and facts , sir , can not be controverted : and I now would ask the most zealous of Mrs. C. 's advocates , what ingenuity , what art , can clear her of the guilt of deliberate and malignant falsehood ? I am rather , I confess , disappointed at not now hearing those cheers from the hon . gentlemen opposite , which from their conduct some minutes since , I was led to expect would have followed the detection of the profligacy , whenever it was detected . I suppose their abhorrence and consternation ate so great , that they have not voices to express their feelings ( a laugh ) . If this be the case , I fear they will not so soon recover themselves , as the next circumstance I shall allude to is of a still deeper dye ; I mean , her assertion that the reason the D. of Y. had parted with her was , `` that she had