sums of money , both from col. French and capt . Sandon , on account of her supposed interference with the Duke , in favour of the levy ; and Mrs. C , as usual , gives us to understand , that the D. of Y. was informed that she did so . The important part of the case is the conversation at which Miss Taylor is supposed to have been present , and which is urged as the confirmatory proof of the Duke 's knowledge of Mrs. C. 's corrupt advantage from this levy . It appears to me , sir , I confess , that , unless there is somewhat of a previous prejudice in our minds , such as the hon . gent . alludes to , preparing them to believe the evidence of Miss Tavlor , there is a good deal in that evidence itself which should induce us to withhold our belief . I will not dwell upon the circumstance , that her father went by the name of Chance , and carried on his business , as a broker , in Change-alley , under that name ; and yet she , though living with him , at a few miles distance from thence , at the time , says she never knew that he went by that name : this is , indeed , not very probable , and I confess I can not believe it ; others perhaps may believe it , because there seems to be something in this case , which makes gentlemen disposed to believe what , I am confident , they would not believe in any other case : but putting that Cut of the question ; who is Miss Taylor ? how is it that she represents herself ? She represents herself as having been for the last ten years , a most intimate friend of Mrs. C. Does that intimacy give this house any high opinion of her character ? does it make her a more unsuspected , a more credible witness ? Further , she has been relieved by Mrs. C. in her distress ; she has been recently dependent on her charity . But then it is asked , because she is acquainted with Mrs. C. , and because she has been relieved in her distresses by her , does it follow , that she is not to be believed as a witness ? I do not say or contend that it does ; but I do contend , that it furnishes the occasion of some suspicion , of some hesitation , before we surrender up our belief to her testimony , as an unsuspected witness . We have , it must be re- 96 collected , one contaminated witness before us , whose evidence is impeached , and requires to be supported and confirmed . Is it then , let me ask , from an old intimate friend and companion of that witness , and in a state of dependance upon her bounty , and therefore most likely to be under her influence , that such support can very satisfactorily be obtained ? Is not the evidence of Miss Taylor under such circumstances , rather in want of support and confirmation itself , than capable of giving support and confirmation to Mrs. C. ? She has , for years , lived , and is still living , in habits of strictest intimacy with Mrs. C. a person of notoriously vicious principles , of depraved character , and loose habits of life ; but what is most deeply to be lamented and condemned is , that so connected and so associating with one of the worst of her sex , she has set up a boarding-school ; professing to educate young ladies in virtue ; the guardian , the pattern , the instructress of their morals ! Is not this , sir , sufficient of itself to impeach her credit ? Is not such a profession , assumed by such a person , a standing fraud practised upon the community ? To judge of the quality of such conduct , let any gentleman imagine what