weight to her recommendation ? In the case of gen. Clavering it was likewise to be observed , that h. r. h. might not be displeased that a person of his respectability should apply to her , and therefore wrote to her explicitly on the subject of his application . But from this correspondence , however explicit , there appeared nothing that warranted them to entertain any idea of unfair or corrupt means . Gen. Clavering was an old acquaintance of h. r. h. , which would no doubt give farther weight to the mentioning of his application , and induce the Duke to take notice of it in the manner he did . From all the evidence that had come before them , and in nil the different lights in which he could view this enquiry , and the result it had led to , all that could he said in this opinion was , that the D. of Y. had not been sufficiently cautious , that he had allowed Mrs. C. to believe that she had some influence over him , though it appeared , at the same time , that he had never acted on this principle . From this want of caution on the part of h. r. h. , they were to consider the pretences that Mrs C. made to influence , and the facility with which she made others believe that such an influence really existed ; though , at the same time , there was not a single case in which they could convict h. r. h. of acting under this influence , much less of knowing that she received any pecuniary advantages from it , and least of all , ( it was necessary to add ) that he had ever participated in those pecuniary advantages . He did not believe there was a man that could draw such a conclusion from the evidence before them . That evidence might have made different impressions on their minds , according as they were more or less disposed to think favourably or unfavourably on the question ; but certain he was , that no man could see ground sufficient in the evidence before them , to condemn h. r. h. of corruption in the exercise of his public duties , or to impute to him corrupt or pecuniary motives . Were it a question of life or death , he was certain that there could be only one opinion ; and why should they , on vague and unsatisfactory 403 grounds , deprive h. r. h. of his character and public credit , when it must be felt by all that such evidence could not be admitted in a more serious enquiry ? The house , he thought , had done every thing in their power to come at the truth , and he had no doubt that the country , convinced of their zeal and endeavours to get at the bottom of the charges alledged , would readily go along with them in their decision . in rising to address the house , declared that it was not his intention to follow his hon . and learned friend into many of the observations which he had introduced into the speech he I had just finished . The subject under consideration he saw in a different point of view , from every person of the profession to which he belonged , who had expressed his sentiments upon it . It was , therefore , incumbent upon him not to give a silent vote upon the question , but to state to the house the reasons which , in his mind justified the vote he meant to give . He trusted the house would allow him , not to go into all the cases to comment upon the whole of the evidence , or even to endeavour to add much to the forcible observations which had already been submitted to the house , an endeavour to which he felt himself unequal , but to point out those parts of the evidence which had most weight with him in deciding his opinion . It was impossible