of the conversation ? No.—Relate the rest ? The Duke said , `` Master French must mind what he is about , or I shall cut up him and his levy too . '' Miss Taylor appears to have been upon terms of intimate connexion with Mrs. C , and when I find her so connect- 254 ed , I am , by that circumstance , led to examine the probability of her evidence . In the first place these are the only words-she remembers : upon every other subject her memory is a blank : I do not know how to account for her remembering this , and this only . She is afterwards examined as to when she communicated this ' to Mrs. C , and upon that point she remembers nothing . This accuracy of memory in one instance , and forgetfulness in the other , lead me to look out for other circumstances , from which I may form a judgment as to the probability of her story . Mrs. C. says , that the D. of Y. was very fond of Miss Taylor , that he conversed a great deal with her , and that she was one of those who were frequently received into his society at Mrs. C. 's ; if this be so , the servants out of livery , who constantly waited upon the D. of Y. and Mrs. C , must know it . Now what say the servants upon this subject . Mrs. Favory , it is true , states , that Miss Taylor was in the habit of being often in company with Mrs. C. and the D. of Y. ; but her credit is given up on all sides , and there ends the evidence that connects Miss Taylor and the D. of Y. : there is no other proof of their being ever in company together . If she had been received in the society of the Duke , this must have been known to several of the witnesses who have been examined ; the servants out of livery to whom I have alluded , Pierson for instance , and Macdowal who have ' both been examined . Mrs. C. has said , that the D. of Y. was fond of Miss Taylor ; Pierson states , that Miss Taylor was very intimate with Mrs. C , but being asked whether she was ever admitted when the D. of Y. was there , and in his company , he says he never saw her in company with the D. of Y. Macdowal says , he knows Miss Taylor—that he has seen ladies with the D. of Y. , but knowing Miss Taylor he can not say he has ever seen her there—he has seen other ladies . These are persons who had constant and daily opportunities of observing the fact , and if it was true , as Mrs. C. states , that the Duke was so particularly fond of Miss Taylor , is it possible that they should not once have seen her in his company ? Her account is in itself to the last degree suspicious , and it is rendered absolutely incredible by the want of that confirmation , which , if it were true , it must have received from the servants . Another pretended confirmation of Mrs. C. 's evidence , as it regards French 's levy , 255 is this they say ; that in 1804 Mrs. C was indebted to Birkett and Parker in the sum of 1821l . 11s . 4d . for plate ; that on the 18th of May Mrs. C. paid them 500l ; that the Duke afterwards paid them the remaining 1321l . by bills at different dates ; that the 500l . which she paid was the sum which she received for French 's levy , and that as the Duke paid the remainder only , he must have known that she received this sum , and so applied it . This is a most ingenious course of argument for fixing so base a crime upon h. r. h. Let us examine how