to , namely , that whatever may be due to the superior rank of h. r. h. still much is due from the representatives of the people to their constituents and the country . This , I trust , the event of this important investigation will fully justify . On the strength , the truth and justice of my cause , I rely , as I hitherto have done throughout the whole of the proceedings , and without detaining the house any longer with preliminary observations , I shall proceed to offer what I have to say on those parts of the evidence , to which I beg leave particularly to call the attention of the house . The 1st Case is the stated that he was authorized by Mr. Robert Knight to tell Mrs. Clarke , that she should receive 200l . if she would use her influence to expedite the Exchange , and remove some delays and impediments which had taken place , and that he gave their names to Mrs. Clarke on a slip of paper . Mr. R. Knight declared that he had authorized Dr. Thynne to make this offer to Mrs. Clarke ; and Mrs. Clarke has likewise stated that Dr. T. made the application to her to effect the Exchange between lieutenant colonels Knight and Brooke ; that he gave her the names of both on a slip of paper , neither of whom she knew : she gave the same slip of paper to h. r. h. , and when the Exchange was effected she sent the gazette , with a note to Dr. T. , informing him that she was going out of town in a day or two , and that the 200l . would be very convenient . In consequence of this she received the 200l . Dr. T. believes the Exchange was a good deal expedited by Mrs. C , but a fortnight or three weeks elapsed between the application and the time the gazette was sent . Mr. R. Knight thinks he went three times to the gazette office after the application was made by Dr. T. to Mrs. Clarke , and did not become acquainted with her till the Exchange was effected , when she begged of him to keep the matter secret from the Duke of York . 6 Mrs. C. further stated that she informed h. r. h. , that she did not know the parties , but that they would make her a compliment : upon her receiving the 200l . bank note , she showed it to him , and thinks she got one of his servants to get it changed for her . It is very likely , she might desire Mr. Knight to keep the matter secret , but not from the D. of York . When she mentioned the business first to h. r. h. , he told her they had been trying at it some time , and that he thought one of them was rather a bad subject , but he would do it.— From the foregoing testimony of Dr. T. , Mr. R. Knight , and Mrs. C , it must be admitted beyond a doubt that 20Ol . had been offered to her to use her influence to expedite the Exchange , which sum was ultimately paid to her under the impression that she had exerted her influence for that purpose . The next point to be ascertained is , whether she did exert her influence , and whether the Duke of York was a party to the business . Mrs. C. says she applied to h. r. h , and gave him a slip of paper she received from Dr. T. , containing the names of the parties , adding at the same time they would make her a compliment , and that she did not know them . Surely there could not be a stronger corroboration of all this than what , has been given in evidence by Dr. T. , and Mr. R. Knight . Dr. T. stated he gave her such slip of paper , and Mi ; Knight proved that she