Having stated what occurs to me , Sir , upon the Addresses proposed for our adoption , so far as regards the persons who is the object of the charges , I would next lake the liberty shortly to consider them `` as they respect the person to whom they are to be presented . Here , Sir , I have a radical difference of opinion with the supporters of both the Addresses . If the sentiments which they contain ought to be adopted at all , they ought , in my opinion , to be adopted in the shape of resolutions . Whether the sentiments ought to be adopted is not so much the subject of discussion now . We are now discussing the first step to be taken ; the shape in which our proceeding shall be framed . My right hon . friend , indeed , ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer , ) has it in his contemplation to propose an Address after his Resolution . With his views of the subject , this seems perfectly natural . Intending , if he can , to induce the house of commons to acquit the Duke of York , and dismiss him with a censure , but not a disqualifying one , it is natural he should wish to carry such an acquittal , with such a qualification , directly to the throne . The acquittal must be soothing to the feelings of the individual to whom it is thus communicated , and the censure is no more than that in which parental feeling may be expected to concur : but if you mean removal ; if you mean punishment ; if you mean to say that your confidence is forfeited for ever ; why address these sentiments directly to the ears of a father , when every practical purpose can be equally answered by expressing them in a form less personal , and far less unkind ? I know , Sir , that in the language of parliament I must not advert to considerations which in every other case , and before every other tribunal , would be thought worthy of some attention . The venerable age , the infirmities , and the virtues of the royal person whose heart is to be torn by this Address , are surely not to be overlooked in the question of the mere form of your proceeding . I do not say , God forbid ! that these considerations should warp the decision ; but surely they may be allowed , blamelessly allowed , to operate upon the manner of pronouncing it . It was stated some nights ago , with as much truth as eloquence , that we owe to 622 the sovereign now upon the throne not only that allegiance and duty to which his high functions entitle him , and which the institutions of the country prescribe and consecrate , but we owe to him , eminently and individually , gratitude for the preservation of those institutions themselves . Who but must recollect the time when the minds of men in this country were unsettled by the first shock of the French revolution , and when the wildness of theory and speculation put to hazard all the establishments of the state ? Who but must recollect that at that most agitated and alarming period , when the frame of our constitution , the whole fabric of our laws , and the authority of parliament itself , were threatened to be jostled out of their order , and laid in ruins , that even then , amidst the conflicts of passion , and the schemes of change , the throne was kept steady by the virtues of him who filled it ; and that while every thing else , however venerable , was endangered , the monarchy was worshipped in the person of the King ? Of such an individual would you not wish to spare the feelings ? This Address itself professes to intend to do so . With what delicacy— said he rose to call the right hon . gentleman to order , conceiving he was