can bring to any subject , and if in endeavouring to secure the attention of a numerous and popular audience I speak with more eagerness than becomes a judge , they will consider the matter and not the manner , and in attending to the mode of reasoning I trust they will pardon the eagerness in which I may announce myself . If I had been able to address the house after the speech of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Bathurst ) and after all those who have spoken until my hon . friend near me ( Mr. Whitbread ) spoke , I should have had no occasion to have entered into the question , of how far the royal Duke was involved in the corruption which Mrs. C. has proved against herself , or in any knowledge of or connivance at that corruption . Because except the speech of the hon . mover of this inquiry , that of my hon . friend Mr. Whitbread and that of the noble lord who spoke last , every speaker on this subject hitherto , 325 has in distinct terms declared that the D. of Y. was entirely innocent of corruption , or of connivance at Mrs C. 's corruption . But corruption or connivance is now contended for by these three gentlemen , and therefore it is necessary to discuss the evidence according to that view of the case . But before I enter upon the evidence it is most material to consider the precise nature of the question before the house . The hon . gent , who proposed the inquiry , moved an Address , calculated to charge the D. of Y. with corruption or connivance , and therefore to remove him from his situation ; upon that the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer moved an amendment , which is to leave out the Address and substitute Resolutions , expressing first , that it is fit we should resolve as to the guilt or innocence , and secondly , to resolve that the royal Duke is not guilty of the corruption or connivance with which he is charged ; and then he means to follow these Resolutions with an Address which is to convey them to his Majesty , but upon that it is unnecessary at present to say any thing . Since the amendment of my right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer , the hon . gent , below me ( Mr. Bankes ) has moved another Address , and the right hon . gent , below him ( Mr. Bathurst ) has given notice of a Resolution which is to free h. r. h. from any charge of corruption , but to fix upon him the charge of having permitted Mrs. C. to communicate with him and to interfere on the subject of military promotion . The simple question therefore for the house to consider , is , whether it is most proper to proceed by Address or by Resolution , and whether the Resolution proposed by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , is not the fit Resolution to be come to . It is material therefore in the present state of the question to consider whether justice does not require that the house should come to a fair distinct question , of guilty or not guilty , and on the determination of that question to build your future measures . With that state of the question in view , I shall proceed to observe on the Evidence . In considering this case , it is the duty of the house to bear in mind a dogma of one of the most profound philosophers , and most eminent lawyers that this country ever produced : Lord Bacon , I think , says , `` In matters of judgment do not by strains of art or wit seek to play prizes , but carry the lanthorn of justice ( which is the evi- 326 dence ) before your eyes upright to light `` you to the just conclusion . '' I am anxious to make