a respectable family , should have subjected himself and that family to have their feelings hurt , by a discussion of this sort . With respect to the family with whom general Clavering was connected , he had been always taught to look up to them with the greatest respect ; but he could not be led on that account to compromise such a question at this , even although they were one of the most noble families of Great Britain . There was , however , no risk of the honour of that family being tarnished by the misconduct of one individual . What the house had done it must do again . Captain Sandon had been sent to Newgate , although he declared his misrepresentations proceeded not from a bad heart , but from a bad head . General Clavering now said the same thing ; but why admit that apology in the one evidence , and not in the other ? The connection , education , and rank of the latter , ail made against him . Captain Sandon was an unwilling witness , who had been forced to the bar of that house , but general Clavering was a man volunteered to falsify , the evidence of another witness , who was absolutely his benefactress . These were aggravating circumstances . He had heard a great deal of general Clavering 's honour . But where , he would ask , was the honour of a general officer , in offering a thousand pounds to a whore , to purchase promotion ? What would the public say to them , if , after so many postponements of this question , and after committing captain Sandon to Newgale , they allowed general Clavering to escape ? It might appear to the public , that the house wished by postponing this question , to get clear of it altogether . They might say , with King Lear , 'Through tattered clothes small vices do appear , 'Robes and fur gowns hide all . ' —Sir , I am not in that situation in which the hon . gentleman has described himself to be with respect to his personal knowledge of general Clavering , to whom I had the honour of being introduced many years ago . When I first 781 heard that letter read , in which , he requested to give his testimony at the bar of this house , I certainly did anticipate some very important and authentic information ; for I could not suppose it possible that from a general officer of high family connections and respectability , any thing could be offered at the bar of this house but truth and candour . I was disposed to give implicit credit to general Clavering . Having stated the prepossession which I felt at that time , I think it necessary to explain the grounds on which I shall give my vote this night , oil a subject which is , I well know , painful to the feelings of every One . I must ; however , in the first place remark , that I think the hon . bart . ( Sir M. W. Ridley ) has been not a little hard on my hon . friend ( Mr. Wardle ) , on whom , without endeavouring to exculpate general Clavering , he commences a direct attack . Now , Sir , if the hon . baronet thinks it proper to make the testimony of my hon . friend the subject of attack , I shall be ready to meet him on that point at any moment . Let the hon . baronet bring forward a specific motion , and I shall feel no difficulty in giving my sentiments on it : but I think it must be clear to the whole house , that there is a striking and important distinction between the deliberate testimony of general Clavering , and the sudden unpremeditated examination of my hon . friend , to whom no conceivable motive can be imputed for wishing to conceal the truth , or to evade the disclosure of all that he