Mr. Adam ) to make inquiry in 1806 , as to the conduct of this woman . If h. r. h. had been really implicated in such criminal connivance , if he were so much in the power of Mrs. C. , would he venture to offend her by such a proceeding ? Would not the advice of his friends have naturally been , do not expose yourself to this woman 's resentment—do not provoke her—you have committed yourself with her in the business of army promotions . But no such thing took place—the inquiry into Mrs. C. 's character took place , and the result was her dismissal . Could arty man believe such a proceeding likely , if the duke did not feel confident that he was not in the power of this woman , that he had no connection with her upon the subject of military promotions , if he were not conscious of his innocence . From that consciousness alone , indeed , could the eager wish proceed which be felt , and his friends expressed , the moment the charges were announced , that they should be probed to the bottom ; that the fullest and most public inquiry should take place upon every part of them . Taking the whole of these circumstances into consideration , and combining them with the D. of Y . 's disregard of Mrs. C. 's frequent menaces , he put it to the house , whether such conduct on the part of h. r. h. did not furnish strong presumptive proof of conscious innocence ; whether it was not the conduct naturally to be expected from an innocent man ? for , if guilty , such conduct must betray a total want of common sense.—After stating that a Mr. Mont , who was not called to the bar , and to whom lord Folkestone had alluded , could prove that Mrs. C. 's husband appeared from his cash books to have been employed as a mason , although alleged by Mrs. C. not to have followed any trade , the learned gentleman proceeded to vindicate the mode of examination pursued by his right hon . and learned friends . That mode appeared to him to have been most unjustly censured . If a witness stated that which could not be directly contradicted , how , he would ask , was the credibility of such witness to be determined , but from inquiry into collateral circumstances ? If such an inquiry had not been gone into , how could the character of Sandon and Favery have been ascertained ? Gentlemen on the other side took that course of inquiry with respect to Nicholls . That witness was asked , whether he had not forged a will , and been separated from his wife , al 419 though there was not a word of truth to warrant the questions . But yet an outcry was raised when his learned friend asked a witness , whether she knew where her father or mother were . Such questions were , indeed , said to be cruel ; really , this seemed to him most extraordinary , that all should be tenderness and delicacy on one side of the house , while on the other side , there should be an unlimited license ! He thought the questions put by his right hon . friend perfectly correct , and in no case more so than with regard to Miss Taylor , who was a witness whose testimony , whatever obloquy might attach to would conscientiously say he did not believe . The reason upon which he ground ed his disbelief , the learned gent , stated to be , first , the accuracy with which she contrived to remember words uttered above four years ago , although these words never occurred to her recollection , until within three weeks before her examination , when called upon by Mrs. C. , to prop up whose evidence she was brought to the bar . Indeed , if she had succeeded in recollecting it sooner , it is improbable that the hon . mover who has