and when he was examined on the charge respecting captain Maling , this evidence appeared most conclusive . The charge appeared to have so completely failed in the proof that his honourable friend wished to withdraw it . No ! no ! however , resounded from the other side of the house . The friends of his royal highness triumphantly stated that this charge having been once brought , must be disposed of . It happened that a question or two more put to col. Gordon , proved that there was another capt . Maling , who had been raised to that rank without seeing any service , and with whom col. Gordon was intimately acquainted and in the habit of meeting very day in his office ; and with , respect 312 to whom the charge did apply . The mistake which his hon . friend had made , was only about Christian names , and yet col. Gordon never chose to say any thing about the other captain Maling , to whom lie knew the charge did apply , until a direct question was accidentally put to him , which he was of course obliged to answer . Did not this conduct in col. Gordon look like a wilful suppression of facts most important in the case ? Col. Gordon had also represented at first , that it was impossible that the Duke of York could expedite the exchange ; and that every attempt of that sort must be extremely futile , and would not expedite it one half minute . From the evidence , the natural impression would be , that the Duke could not have interfered , as his interference would have been futile ; and yet , afterwards , this word futility was explained away , and made only to apply to the days for laying military papers before his majesty.—He found himself also obliged to make an observation or two ( he hoped it would be without offence , ) on some contradictions in the testimony of an hon . and learned member , ( Mr . Adam . ) In the first place , that hon . and learned gent , had stated , `` that he was for a long time perfectly acquainted with the pecuniary transactions of his royal highness , who stated to him all his embarrassments with the greatest accuracy ; and he could take it upon himself to say , that Mrs. Clarke 's account of loans negociated for the Duke of York was untrue . '' Afterwards it appeared , by his own evidence , that he only knew a part of the Duke 's pecuniary arrangements ; and it had been proved by Mr. Comrie , that Mr. Adam himself did know of a negociation for a loan for 10,000l . ; afterwards it appeared by the evidence of written documents , that he did know of and was applied to by Kennet , who proposed to negociate a loan for the Duke of no less than 70,000l . to be secured by annuity . There appeared another very great contradiction in the evidence of Mr. Adam . He had stated that he recollected from the investigation that he had set on foot , that the cause of separation between the Duke and Mrs. Clarke was something about a bill and goods delivered . In this he appeared to be contradicted by the men who conducted the investigation , as neither Mr. Lowten nor Mr. Wilkinson confirmed this statement . The hon . and learned member also asserted on the part of his royal highness , that the Duke had 313 assured him that he seldom , or he might say never , permitted Mrs. Clarke to speak to him about military matters . That assertion , however , had been most completely disproved by the Duke 's letters— Now , when it was shewn that both colonel Cordon and Mr. Adam had fallen into these inconsistences in their evidence ; when it was recollected that those gentlemen had been examined with all the tenderness and respect due to their rank in life , and that