corner of the kingdom , and by degrees to the remotest parts of the world ; that there is now no unfairness , no cruelty , in leaving such Charges unrefuted , because not formally entered upon record ? Is there any man who can satisfy himself , in the present times , to set up this technical plea in defence of such substantial injustice ? So much for the record , even if the fact which is taken as the basis of the argument were true . But is there not after all a record ? is there not that record which , when in the most distant time or country our proceedings shall be road , will plainly indicate the nature of the Charge , at the same time that there will be to be collected from our proceedings that condemnation , which , if we intend to pronounce it , surely we can not intend to conceal ? What appears on the record ? It appears that the house referred to a Committee of the whole house , `` to investigate the conduct of his royal highness the Commander in Chief , with regard to promotions , exchanges , and appointments to commissions in the army , and the staff of the army , and in raising levies for the army . '' What further will appear , if this Address , if either of the two proposed Addresses , shall be voted by the house ? Why , that the house , after receiving the report of their Committee , are of opinion that `` corrupt practices have prevailed '' in the disposal of promotions , exchanges , & c. & c. in the army . With whom is that disposal ? Why , with the Commander in Chief . Whose conduct were the Committee to investigate in respect to this disposal ? Why , the Commander in Chief 's , the Duke of York 's . It is clear , therefore , that the Duke of York will appear , on the face of these proceedings , if we shall vote either of the Addresses proposed , to be found guilty of corruption : and yet , gentlemen who are prepared to vote for these addresses , profess themselves at the same time ready to 601 allow that there is nothing of corruption in his royal highness 's conduct . Are they , or , are they not , ready to allow this ? They must come to this averment or this denial . But to say that there can stand upon the Journals of Parliament such a reference to a Committee followed by such an averment of the existence of corrupt practices , and that , nevertheless , you have not framed any distinct charge , and therefore are not bound to give any distinct decision , is a course of proceeding as contrary to common sense , as to common justice . A vote founded on these pretences will produce all the effect , without plainly pronouncing the sentence , of a condemnation . If you pass this address , it is impossible that your country and posterity should consider his royal highness otherwise than as having been judged guilty of these charges , of charges the most criminal and degrading . But it is admitted that these charges are false— ( Some member said No . ) I am glad to hear that it is not so admitted ; I am glad to find that there is in some quarters at least an impatience of being supposed to admit what this address is , by its supporters , pretended to imply ; because I presume that those who feel that impatience will insist upon having their real meaning fairly and unequivocally explained by their vote . They will agree with me , not in their decision undoubtedly , but at least as to the manner in which alone their decision can be properly taken . They will call for a plain intelligible question . They will not be contented with a speech of charge and a vote of compromise ; a speech