to have failed ; which charge , although I do not yet assert that it is proved , bears a very different aspect from what it did on that day . I own , I then thought the whole of the charges , would ultimately amount to nothing . We had then a good deal of idle vaunting . It was said , there were persons behind the curtain , who sheltered themselves in silence . The case was deemed desperate . But the moment when the case of my hon . friend appeared desperate was not , in : my mind , the moment for me to disclaim him , or to state that I was not his adviser . The dictates of generosity forbad it . The attack which was made was unparliamentary and irregular . Sir , no member of this house has a right to call upon another of its members , to state , what share he has had , or whether he has had any share , in advising the commencement of any measure . From the manner of it , I supposed the attack was directed against me , c although , when repeatedly called upon , the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Secretary Canning ) who made it , did not think proper to say so . This is the fit and convenient time to say that I did not advise any part of this proceeding . It is now many years since an intimate acquaintance commenced between my hon . friend and me . Events separated us , and for nearly twenty years our intercourse had been interrupted . It was renewed in this house . Before my hon . friend gave public notice of his intentions , he called upon me , and told me the Charges he intended to produce , and stated the nature of the evidence by which they were to be supported . I frankly told him that the substance of the thing appeared to me incredible , that the testimony by which his allegations were to be made good , was of the most doubtful sort , and that there seemed to be many links deficient in the chain of proof . I warned him of the heart-burnings which the discussion of such a subject would excite ; of the numerous enemies he would create ; 167 and I painted to him in strong colours , the storm to which in the event of failure , he would inevitably be exposed . He was , however , resolved . Finding him so , I told him , —Since you are determined to bring forward these Charges , I shall attend in my place in the house of commons : upon , a. bare statement of the facts , I shall vote for a committee to enquire into them , and I think no man will be found to vote against it.—Such , sir , is the history of all the communication I have had with my lion , friend upon this subject , except some casual conversation on meeting him twice accidentally , in the street , of the duration of a very few minutes only . Thus ends the tale of my advice to my hon . friend , and of the share which I have taken in secret , of the assistance I have given him behind the curtain . What share in the business I have taken before the curtain , it is needless for me to say . The house has seen it . Sir , I understand , that my hon . friend , in my absence , was generous and kind enough to use expressions very flattering to me , for which I thank him ; confessing at the same time , that I did for him no more than I should think myself bound to do for any other member of parliament in the same situation . My object was to see fair ploy . I mean nothing injurious to gentlemen on the other side of the house . They had their feelings as I had