, agreeably to the principle for which he had strongly contended in the beginning , what it was fit for the house to do , in respect to the continuance of his royal highness in the high and confidential situation which he had held . Nothing was more clear than that the degree of proof necessary to convict a person of a crime , was far different from that which was sufficient for the re- 519 moval of him from a situation of trust and confidence . The removal of persons from such situations , however painful to the persons removed , and so far partaking of the character of punishment , was often a matter merely optional , and which required no reason to be assigned ; and even where reasons were necessary , or ought to be assigned , as in great public concerns , they were of a sort wholly different from those , which were required in cases of criminal judgment , that is to say , where , for alleged offences , pain or loss was inflicted on an individual , in violation of rights which he would otherwise have possessed . Who ever thought that a judicial process was necessary to induce this house to concur in an address , entreating his majesty , that he would remove ins ministers ? It might be fit that ministers should he removed , not only without a crime proved , but without a crime alleged . Though he should dislike the case , it was impossible to deny , that ministers , with all the merit that men could possess , might become unfit for their offices , might be rendered incapable of serving the country , merely because the country , on grounds the most erroneous , had chosen to consider them so . He deprecated ( no body more ) the sacrificing any one to public opinion , nor should any thing induce him to do so , in a matter properly judicial . It was for this reason that he beheld with indignation the attempts made out of doors , raid countenanced , he was sorry to say , within doors likewise , to awe this house in the decision , which they were to give , by the threat of popular displeasure ; that is to say , to set them , as judges , to try a question , and then tell them what verdict they were to give . If it was possible for any attempt to be more insulting and audacious ; for any submission to be more degrading than another , it was the attempt thus made , and the submission thus expected , and which many gentlemen seemed to think was expected justly . He would not suppose that any instance of such a degrading and criminal acquiescence could exist , but if there did , it was certainly not to be looked for among those , who acquitted the Duke of York , but must be found , if at all , on the contrary side , and among those who were most inclined to vapour about their independence , and to talk of votes being given under an influence foreign from that of the merits of the question . This he said as applicable particularly to the judicial part of the question , by which he meant the judg- 520 ment to be pronounced on the question of guilty or not guilty of connivance or participation ; but a compliance with popular opinion merely as such , that is to say , as affecting the situation and interests of the person so complying , was hardly less base , to whatever part of the question it applied . When he talked of public opinion as deserving of any consideration , it was upon the grounds which he had staled , not as affecting the individual giving his judgment , but as applying to the subject on which the judgment was to be given . A great distinction must likewise be made , as to the nature and character of the public opinion supposed . Was