during the march , and for comfort and convenience to the whole army , was satisfactory to his mind , and was approved of by every officer on the expedition . For the reasons which he had already stated , he should consider it his duty to resist the noble earl 's motion . rose , for the purpose of supporting the motion of his noble friend . The noble Secretary had justly represented be papers on their lordships ' table to be 808 very voluminous ; still , that was no excuse for the production of more , if they did not contain the information necessary to guide the judgment of that house , when they came to decide on the conduct of his majesty 's ministers . He did not presume to ascertain the minds of others by the impression made upon his own , in respect to the contents of those papers ; but for himself he could declare , he never required more patience than in their perusal ; nor , when he reflected upon the result of those measures therein described , did he ever read any papers with more displeasure , and even disgust . The noble Secretary had also stated , it was not proper , on this occasion , to refer to the Institutions , but the acts themselves which ensued , and that the production would he inconsistent with what was usual and precedented . To what precedents the noble Secretary referred , it was impossible for him to imagine ; but he was certain , that all the precedents which were in his knowledge tended to shew that this sort of information had never been refused when necessary , and accordingly moved for . He begged their lordships to recollect when the campaign was carried on previous to the battle of Austerlitz : at that time information was moved for respecting the conduct of administration , and a motion for the production of all instructions and communications which had passed between this government and their accredited ministers was agreed to . In a still more modern instance , when the conduct of the late administration was called in question relative to the mission of an expedition to Portugal : on that occasion all Instructions and communications which had passed between the Secretary of State and his noble friend ( the earl of Rosslyn ) had been readily communicated . If he reverted to all former instances , he should find the conduct of his majesty 's ministers unprecedented , and the doctrine just now held forth by the noble Secretary , most novel in its principle . No doubt could be entertained but these Instructions and communications were essentially requisite to be laid before the house , precedent to the motion intended to arraign the conduct of ministers in the late campaigns of Portugal and Spain . How was it possible to come at the reasons of many of the acts themselves which took place ? When the delay attended sir David Baird 's landing the army at Corunna , there was either blame to be attached to ministers for giving defective or improper Instruc- 809 tions ; or it was the misconduct of others ; or it was the effect of unavoidable accident ; but how it was , could only be truly ascertained by complying with the present motion . There was also less objection to the inconvenience of producing these papers at the present , than on former occasions ; because there was not much danger of their communication affecting the negotiations or treaties of other continental powers . The house would consider that every information ought to be supplied on the present question , with regard to the military arrangement , and every provision made for the British army . How was the fact ? Did not every calamity ensue , every distress which could harass the soldiers , and which could wear out the patience of a skilful Commander ? Such was the situation into which the English were led , that all the personal valour of the troops , and the wisdom of their