ashamed to have taken the bare money into his hand . In the case before us , perhaps , the D. of Y. was not proved to have taken the guineas into his hand , but that had nothing exclusively to do with corruption , which , as he before said , consisted not in the money , but in the motive , in the corrupt bias of the mind from its duty , and from truth and justice . This was the corruption which had been proved beyond contradiction at the bar of this house against h. r. h. the D. of Y . The Chancellor of the Exchequer was therefore quite mistaken , and totally misconceived the meaning of the term , when he asserted that corruption never existed so little as at this present time . No observation had hitherto been made upon a circumstance which appeared to him very material , because it identified Mrs. C. and the D. of Y. in money transactions , and that was , h. r. h. having applied to Mr. Comrie , Mrs. C. 's solicitor , to raise him money . It showed that Mrs. C. and h. r. h. conferred together on money matters , that it was looked upon as a common concern ; that he acquainted her with his pecuniary embarrassments , and looked to her aid and assistance for relief . This made a strong impression on his mind , though it did not appear to have struck any other gent . in the same forcible manner ; but it had great weight with him , and he could never divest himself of it in reflecting on any part of the case : it gave a tinge and colour to the whole . A loan also had been proposed from col. French ; and in short , in several instances the same feature was seen , a constant want of pecuniary relief , giving irresistible force to the whole of the evidence upon the case . It struck him with astonishment , nor could he imagine how it could possibly come to pass , seeing the great appointments of h. r. h. , favoured beyond , and circumstanced better than even , the heir apparent to the crown , how it could happen that h. r. h. the D. of Y. should have reduced himself 390 to so low a condition , as to have recourse to such unworthy means as had been exposed before us , to extricate himself from it . With respect to the evidence , it is too , too full . The circumstantial evidence is so strong as almost to be sufficient of itself to produce in any ordinary case a conviction : the documents are also so strong as to be sufficient of themselves without any positive oral testimony : and the oral testimony is so strong and so direct as to be , if credited , sufficient for conviction without the support of the circumstances or the documents before us . But all united seized upon the mind with the force of demonstration . But the learned lawyers saw nothing in all this . He could not account for the dimness of their eyes upon this occasion : but when he called to mind how sharp-sighted they were upon others , where humbler subjects were concerned ; when , as he had said , spies ' and informers ' oaths , and 'trifles light as air appeared to them strong as proofs of holy writ ; ' he could only account for the dimness of their organs by the unhappy influence , he had before observed that that house had upon the members of that learned profession . How different was their language now , when h. r. h. the D. of Y. was concerned ? No circumstances , however strong , could excite a suspicion ; no documents , however undeniable , could cause a doubt ; no evidence , however positive , was sufficient ; nor could all together weigh against the character of h. r. h. the D. of Y . Here was a body