a head ache then which prevented him from remembring what he is now about to state . He now remembers , that about eleven o'clock of the night on which the Duke went to Weymouth , he received a bill from Mrs. C. to get changed , and that he did so , and brought back the change to her , the Duke being with her both times ; that he thinks ! if . was 100l . ( not 50 , as Mrs. C. had said ) that he had been at Stephens 's , not By field 's , and they could not do it for him , and that he actually did get it changed at By field 's , the confectioner 's , and not at Stephens 's . If Mrs. C. 's testimony needed any further contradiction , Pierson , has compleated it ; and those who will take the trouble of examining this part of the case must find in it sufficient reason for withholding all credit from such a witness . It is not enough to say , that she has failed in her proof of his charge ; she has shewn , that she was herself the sole inventor of it , that she invented it from motives of revenge against the D. of Y. , for the purpose of fixing infamy upon his character ; and when it appears that she had acted upon this principal in one instance , who can believe her in any other . If any of her charges had been founded in fact , none would have been added from invention . The detection of one as the work of her contrivance disposes of all which depend upon her testimony . The hon . gent , next proceeds to the consideration of Major Tonyn 's Case : he says , there was an attempt to delay this appointment , meaning , I suppose , to find an application for the Note , which has been so much discussed , but if we look through the evidence we shall find that no delay whatever took place . In this , as well as in the exchange between Knight and Brooke , the documents are all regular , the recommendations are such as justify , and almost call for the promotions which took place . Prom March to August , 1804 , nothing is done in his favour because no opportunity presented itself . In August , 1801 , when a large augmentation of the army took place , col. Gordon is directed by the Commander in Chief to make out a 252 list of senior officers from the book of recommendations for promotion . No instructions came from the D. of Y. to insert any particular name ; col. Gordon wrote out the list with his own hand , inserting maj. Tonyn 's name as it occurred in the book . His name , with that of many others junior to him , was laid before the king on the 9th of August , and on the 18th his promotion was in the gazette . Nothing can be more regular than this , nothing can savour less of preference . But it is said that Mrs. C. had an engagement from maj. Tonyn for 500l . to be paid to her upon his obtaining his promotion , and that the D. of Y. knew this , and therefore promoted him . I doubt not that she had this engagement , and that she received the 500l . from maj. Tonyn for her pretended services , but that the Duke knew this rests upon her assertion alone , and contradicted as she has been in so many particulars , practised in assailing her enemies by false accusations , proved , in one instance at least , to have invented an infamous charge against the D. of Y. , which she knew to be false , I think it impossible that upon this point she should gain any credit . With respect to this Note , I admit that the ballance of evidence is in favour of its being