destroying the character of h. r. h. , but , through him , of exciting sentiments hostile to the family on the throne ; ( the effects and prejudices of which libels , are now operating strongly against h. r. h. , both within this house , and out of it ) , I say I had formed the opinion , notwithstanding these attempts to poison the public mind , that there never was a period in which there was less ground for the suspicion of personal corruption in persons , either illustrious by birth , or exalted by rank , office , and station , than the present moment . The age has its vices , no doubt , and persons in high rank are not exempt from them . But the vice of pecuniary corruption in the higher ranks of society is not ( on 61 my conscience I state it ) the vice of the present clay . [ Hear , hear ! ] I am glad to find that there appears to be a general concurrence in that sentiment ; but , sir , let me ask , if gentlemen concur in this opinion , and do think that such is no more than the fair testimony due to public characters ; that such is the honest result of their observation on the conduct of public men at this day , is it fair dealing towards public men , or towards the public itself , for any object of popularity , or any purpose of party , to give countenance to the idea , that the abuses falsely charged against public men in these vile publications , do actually exist ? Sir , I do contend that nothing can be more mischievous , than to give to the false , slanderous , jacobinical publications , so profusely and malignantly disseminated , that sort of encouragement which the honourable gentleman who spoke third in this debate has done by his speech . I am confident that the hon . gent , has no other ground of evidence for his assertions , than what is contained in those libellous pamphlets and publications themselves , the malice and venom of which , such assertions as his must necessarily inflame and extend , These prejudices , which I have thus avowed , were undoubtedly strong in my mind ; and as they were strong generally in favour of any public men , so does it appear more particularly improbable to my feelings , that such charges could apply to one in so peculiarly elevated a station as that of the illustrious person now the subject of our enquiry . I never could bring my mind to believe , that for so mean and despicable a consideration ( for the whole amount of Mrs. C 's iniquitous gains , according to her evidence , does not much exceed two or three thousand pounds ) , h. r. h. should have lent himself to this base conspiracy against the public interest and the interest of the army ; that he should have assisted Mrs. C. with the power of his official situation ; that he should have become a partner in her infamous scheme ; that he should have so humbled and degraded himself , as to have rendered his rank , and influence , and authority , subservient to her designs ; and that he should so far have forgot what was due to his birth , his family , his own character , and to the public , as to have told this abandoned woman , ( for such is her evidence , ) pointing out to her these corrupt practices as the sources of pecuniary supply , that '' if she was 62 clever , she could never want money ; '' and that he should have done this for the purpose of feeding and supporting the expence of their adulterous connexion ! [ Reiterated acclamations of Hear , hear ! ] Sir , I hardly understand that cry—Is it that any hon . gent . imagines that , in using an epithet to characterize the unfortunate connexion between