this part of the island . I can not satisfy myself at all , therefore , that if this expression of 'how did he behave ? ' was truly cited , it did not signify all that was meant to be imputed to it . But I may easily doubt , whether the expression was truly cited ; and whether in the recollection of a conversation , not very recent , and having nothing at the time , as far as appeared , to impress that particular part immediately on the mind of the witness , a Utile change may not have been introduced , insensible at the moment , but so establishing itself after a few repetitions , as to maintain its ground against any subsequent effort of recollection to set it right . I can not lay much stress upon a circumstance , which to some gentlemen has appeared of importance , viz . that Miss 505 Taylor should have recollected so accurately the particulars of this conversation , and have forgot so much of what had passed at later periods . Of irregularities of this sort , no one can fail to find examples in himself every day . The real circumstance of surprize and suspicion is , that Miss Taylor should have so little recollection of what had been said to her subsequently in respect to this very conversation . She comes here with her story evidently ready cut and dry . It was not a point that had arisen unexpectedly in the course of examination , and on which she had related what her recollection furnished at the moment , as was often the case with Mrs. Clarke ; but she is brought to tell this very thing , which must therefore have been the subject of previous conversation , and then seems to recollect nothing of what had at any time passed upon it . It is impossible not to regard a testimony so circumstanced , considering what it is in the cause , from what quarter it comes , and in what manner it is produced , with some degree of suspicion ; and to suspect here is to suspect the whole foundation of the question . The persons who look at this cause loosely and carelessly , in the way in which it is looked at by ninety parts out of a hundred of what are called the public , never perceive upon what a slender foundation the whole rests , upon what slender pivots it is made to turn ; they see a vast deal of charge , a vast deal of suspicion , a great mass of abusive practices , a great variety of facts , much the greater part of them proved ; and they conclude from hence , that a great portion of the charge is proved . But when the matter comes to be examined as those ought to examine it who are to sit in judgment upon it , it is found that the only two points in which this bulky and imposing mass is made to touch the D. of Y. , are in the evidence of Miss Taylor and Mrs. Clarke ; Mrs. Clarke speaking to communications made by her to the Duke with no person present , and Miss Taylor coming in in support of her friend , in a solitary instance , and where the whole force of her testimony depends upon her correctness in the report or ' a particular expression . The passage in the Note to general Clavering , I think , proves nothing but that which has been proved over and over , and need not be disputed ; namely , that Mrs. C. made application to the Duke for objects of this sort , and that the Duke did not always prevent her , as indeed it would be difficult for him to do , from talking to him upon 506 such subjects . What is wanted is a direct proof , or adequate presumption , that the Duke accepted her recommendations , knowing them to have been obtained corruptly ; and evidence to this effect we