time those practices were going on , it was impossible to suggest a more gross , base , or mean species of corruption . He would not thank the house for an acquittal of the corruption , without 693 the connivance , ( a loud cry of hear ! hear ! ) He considered the one as destructive to the Duke 's character as the other ; and au acquittal of the corruption , without the connivance , would neither be satisfactory to the honour of the Duke , nor useful to the public service at which he was at the head . He would repeat , that the house by agreeing to his motion was not precluded from expressing its sense of any undue influence supposed to have existed , nor prevented from observing upon any other offence the present investigation might be supposed to have brought to light . At the same time , if there were any who thought the Duke guilty of corruption or connivance , he did not ask their vote , as under that impression it would be a disgrace for their to give it . The house had to decide on a great public officer , and , he wished gentlemen to recollect that that officer was a prince of the blood , no further than to impress upon them the consequences of a vote destructive of his high character and honour , and the necessity there was that they should maturely weigh the importance of the issue before they came to a decision so momentous as the present.—He would only add to what he had already said , that the termination would be most happy , if the house could come to it consistently with its duty , should the Duke be permitted to retain his situation ; he meant upon grounds of public advantage , as much as personal feeling . The house , he perceived , were inclined to agree most cordially , that there were no grounds for charging his royal highness with personal corruption , and yet that charge had been most distinctly made by Mrs. Clarke . In doing it , however , it was obvious , she sought the destruction of that illustrious personage , and her falsehood no one could mistake . It would be painful , he said , to the house , should an accusation so false and unfounded , and a motive so base and abhorrent , be crowned with success , and such it would we should the house decide that the Duke had connived at her practices , as it might carry with it a suggestion for his removal , an event as extensive as any that malice could wish or expect from the accusations in question . He would admit there were many things to be regretted in the disclosure made at the bar , and the great public inconvenience the proceedings had occasioned , and the effect these proceedings had had upon the public mind , were not amongst the least ; and if there were no other ulterior points to be considered , those 694 would certainly call for the animadversion of the house . But be those ulterior views whatever they might , he would repeat , that the house would not preclude itself from entering upon such views by voting for the Resolution he had submitted to their consideration . The acquittal of the Duke upon the charge of corruption and connivance , would not touch the question of undue influence , or compromise any ulterior Resolutions the house might think necessary to adopt . —It is not my intention , Sir , in the present exhausted state of the house , to consume much time in the expression of the sentiments , which I feel myself imperiously called upon to deliver in consequence of what has fallen from the right lion , gentleman who has just spoken . But he has advanced certain positions , and made use of certain expressions in defence of the proceedings which he has suggested , which render my silence impossible . Sir , I put it to the