her to have been positive from the beginning . The hon . gent . argues the case in this manner : he says , `` We have had two witnesses , Dr. Thynne 86 and Mr. Knight , who both tell us that the application was made to Mrs. C. ten days or a fortnight before the exchange was in the gazette . '' Seeing then the want which Mrs. C. had for money , we must suppose , she made the application to the Duke immediately ; and that consequently she must be mistaken , when she states that she made the application on the Thursday , and that the exchange appeared in the gazette on the following Saturday . But to support this argument , the hon . gent . assumes , that Mrs. C. did make the application to the Duke ; and 2dly , that she made it immediately after Dr. Thynne applied to her . But I deny both these facts ; and what becomes of the argument of the hon . gent. , upon the supposition that she made no application to h. r. h. on the subject at all ? This I contend to be the most probable supposition ; I disbelieve her altogether on this part of the case ; and I am confident , that we have no evidence but her own ( which , unconfirmed , ought not to be believed ) , that she did make any application . How then will the fact stand upon this hypothesis ? That Mrs. C. knew the business was in a course of official application , and that when it succeeded , she was to be paid for expediting its success . She invented , therefore , all the circumstances of her interference , and particularly the date of her pretended application , for the purpose of shewing , that she did , in fact , fairly earn the money , and that this exchange , which had been depending for some time in the office without success , when once she interfered , was completed immediately . The exchange was suspended by the words written by col. Gordon , — '' Can not be acceded to : H. r. h. does not approve of the exchange proposed . '' But , col. Gordon says , h. r. h. , after enquiring into col. Brooke 's fitness , thought proper that the exchange should go on . The event then took place , and Mr. Knight , who was weak enough to suppose it was effected through the influence of Mrs. C , gave her the 200l . for her interference . But , Sir , there is another circumstance which has been introduced by Mrs. C , into her account of this transaction , which requires particular notice . We must trace the history of this 200l . Mrs. C. was to receive 200l . for using her influence with the Duke ; she tells us , that she told h. r. h. she was to receive `` a compliment , '' and she did receive as the fruit of her labour the sum of 200l . Her evidence is that it was paid in a note of 200l . that is in 87 one note . She is asked , `` Did the Commander in Chief know from you the amount of the money you had received ? '' Her answer is , `` He knew the amount , because I shewed him the note ; and I think that I got one of his servants to get it changed for me , through h. r. h. '' And , in the next page of her evidence , she is asked , `` What time of the year was it ? '' — '' H . r. h. was going down to Weymouth on the night that I changed the note , which was the reason that I got the note changed ; my servants could not get it changed , and his servant got it changed for me . '' The fact of changing this note becomes the subject