deal of truth ( Hear , 526 hear ! ) and yet he would not believe her in that which rested almost entirely on her assertion , the knowledge and privity of the Duke to her transactions . She had narrated her own transactions with considerably accuracy ; and in that narration , which was also confirmed by documents , and other evidence , he thought she was worthy of belief , because she had no interest in speaking falsely . But when she came to assert that the Duke knew of her corrupt transactions , he would not believe her , because that was a thing easy of invention , which was incapable of direct contradiction , and to which she might well be supposed to be stimulated by her resentment . If she could have established the corruption of his royal highness in any one instance , he should then have believed she spoke the truth when she mentioned other instances . She had , however , proved no such thing , and no man 's life or character would be safe if it depended on such testimony . When he believed her testimony , it was because a great part of it was a fair account of her illicit purpose , intended , as he firmly believed , to bring home her designs against the Duke . He begged the house to bear in mind how she to do it with respect to colonels Brooke , where her falsehood was completely discovered . It might be said to be more so , when she described a list of persons which was affixed two days to the bed-head ; this was too extravagant for any one to believe . Then another part of her statement , was alike incredible , where she told them that the whole system was suggested by the Duke of York , to relieve her necessities , and that he told her she had more patronage than the queen . Then she endeavoured to establish her story by other sources , as in the case of major Tonyn , where she proved mistaken , and since the first day of her evidence , when she saw the likelihood of her being detected about dates , she had never recollected another date . He contended that she had been actuated through the whole of this system of fraudulent intrigue , by deliberate malice , and if such testimony as hers could be believed , the life and character of no person would be safe . He said it was not difficult to conceive that a deliberate conspiracy existed between three or four persons , at least between three , Mrs. Clarke , Mrs. Favery her half-sister , and Miss Taylor , whose evidence he conceived to have been well delineated by the last speaker . He asked , whether it was to be conceived 527 for a moment , unless they considered the Duke of York destitute of common sense , that he would submit his character to the mercy of Miss Taylor . It was impossible to believe this , even from an unimpeached witness , which she was not . She recollected a something which happened three years ago , and , retaining that , forgot all others , as if she had been asleep ever since . Hence , he contended , that the whole of their testimony went for nothing ; that it was to extort money , and originated in systematic deception . It appeared to him the most incredible thing on earth , if the Duke had really been conscious of any corrupt practices , such as had been imputed to him , that he should part from this woman in the manner he did , without making arrangements to induce her not to mention those transactions . It was incredible that he should have preferred an investigation like the present , attended with so many painful exposures , to a compromise with this woman , if he had not been perfectly conscious of innocence . The noble lord then proceeded to make some further observations on the evidence