a considerable creditor of hers he claims a right to retain them until his debt is discharged . I find nothing which deserves the epithets of base , dishonest , or corrupt in this ; nothing which should lead us to withhold from the witness our fullest credit ; and if he be worthy of belief , he established two direct contradictions against Mrs. C , and I may add , that in one of them , I mean the fact of her having passed for Dowler 's wife , he is confirmed by Mr. Reid , the master of the hotel at which they slept . Before I dismiss Mr. Nicholls 's evidence , it may be proper to observe , that when he applied to Mrs. C for a debt which she owed him , he was answered by a letter , threatening to charge him with having forged a will , under which he held an estate . To those who do not shut their eyes against the truth , 246 this furnishes a pretty good clue to the motive of her present conduct . The hon . gent . treats as lightly another contradiction , arising out of the proof that she had passed a night with Mr. Dowler at this same hotel . You attempt , he says , to contradict and discredit her , because she denies that fact , and because she denies that she went by the name of Mrs. Dowler ; and then , he says , how many of us , referring to our younger days , may recollect persons whom we have permitted to pass under names we knew did not belong to them ; and he observes truly , that it would be harsh and unjust to bring forward such transactions for the purpose of affecting our credit . Sir , it is not the transaction itself , but the denial of it , which brings discredit on the party . Nay , if Mrs. C. had only wished to conceal from the house her criminal connexion with Mr. Dowler , we should have been ready to overlook it ; but she had another purpose in view . It was most material for Mrs. C. and Mr. Dowler to persuade the house that they had had little or no communication with each other , before they appeared at your bar . Mrs. C. is examined to that fact : she said she had seen him once only before they met at this house . Was it only to conceal the scene that passed at Reid 's hotel , that , she denied the fact of her having seen Mr. Dowler ? No , sir , it was to lead the house into a belief that he wished not to appear as a witness , that he called upon her merely , as he had stated , to beg himself off * and that they had had no opportunities of conferring together upon the subject of their testimony . As to Mr. Dowler , the hon . gent . says he is not contradicted at all . I say , that his evidence amounts to a denial that he had seen Mrs. C. since his return from Portugal , excepon the Sunday at her own house , and after wards on their attendance here . Let us refer to it . `` You arrived from Portugal on Thursday last ? Yes . Have you seen Mrs. C. since your return from Portugal ? Yes . When did you see Mrs. C. since your return from Portugal ? On Sunday last . Have you seen her since ? I saw her just now in the witnesses room . Was any body with Mrs. C. when you saw her ? I waited upon her to request that I might not be called as a witness , seeing the circumstance of col. Trench 's levy in the newspaper . I saw her address in the newspaper . '' Yet now it is fully proved , that Mrs. C. flew to Mr. Dowlers arms on the moment of his arrival . 247 The