age extended : and it was not till the misconduct of the principals and their subordinates had become so gross , and the remonstrances so strong , that the one could no longer be palliated , or the other evaded , that the Levy was discontinued . True it is , as has been stated by the right hon . gent . that the first representation on the situation of the Levy in Ireland came from colonel French ; but had he not felt that he was under powerful protection , would he have dared to make such a representation as he did against gen. Taylor , with his consciousness of the facts with which that officer would be able to charge him or his agents ? Read the letter of quartermaster Fawcett , wherein he talks of the sermons of gen. Taylor ; the sarcastic insolence with which he describes what passed at the Inspector General 's office in Dublin ; his sketch of the conversation which took place at the time : `` the men and the money , and the money and the men , till he was quite tired of it . '' Well , indeed , might a faithful servant of the public preach about the men and the money and the money and the men , and apply the word crimp ! Well might the quarter-master sicken at the words ! Look at the dispute about the beating order of O'Reilly , and judge whether a support more powerful than internal consciousnes of right , was not relied upon by col. French when he made the representation ! Look at the answer of gen. Taylor , and judge whether it would have been possible for the Commander in Chief to have allowed the Levy to continue for a moment after the infamous transactions stated in that letter , but for some powerful charm . The insolence of the persons employed , and their avarice ; the complete failure of the engagement entered into , the frauds practised upon the recruits , and the enormous expence to government there described , could not have been tolerated unless the Commander in Chief had been bound by some spell superior to his general sense of duty ! that spell was the reward of 500l . 222 paid to Mrs. C. at the outset ; and the 850l . in addition , paid at various times , up to the period at which the Levy was , by the irresistible force of its own internal corruptions and frauds , discontinued . I do not mean to say , that the D. of Y. knew of the specific sums bargained for . Sir , the right hon . gent . has condescended to tell us , ( he can not hope we shall condescend to believe him ) that after the statement made by gen. Taylor , `` that the raising of the men produced by colonel French , had actually cost government 150l . for each , '' the Duke of York had allowed the Levy to be continued from motives of œconomy . This from the Chancellor of the Exchequer ! The machinery had been erected at such an enormous expence ; and therefore it was better to try whether it could not pump up more men for the service of the country . This is too bad ! At length , however , the machine was removed to There the nuisance became intolerable . This `` able recruiter '' having upon an engagement to produce 5,000 men in 13 months , produced much less than 200 men in 12 months , each man having cost government 150l . Col. Robinson , the Inspecting Field Officer of the London district , having represented to gen. Whitelocke , `` that the conduct of the temporary Serjeants of col. French 's Levy , was in every respect infamous and disgraceful to the service ; and that in addition to their various crimes and irregularities , they were then actually employed in crimping for other corps , and most particularly for the additional force , '' ( The men thus