effect , a special interference was necessary . Dowler arrived from Portugal , and Sandon from Spain , at the very moment . I do not know whether the right hon . gent , thinks these extraordinary coincidences were brought about by the machinations of Mrs. Clarke . In my opinion the men arrived most providentially for the service of the nation , to confirm the testimony she had given . Sir , there is one part of the written , evidence which has foiled the ingenuity of the right hon . gent. , and he has fairly declared that he can give no explanation of a fact , the existence of which however he does not deny . I mean that part of the correspondence of Mrs. Clarke where she talks of the introduction of foreigners into the British service . Aye , and of Catholics too ! I do not imagine , any more than She right hon . gent. , that Mrs. Clarke granted regular letters of service ; but I apprehend that through her influence , facilities were given for raising the men described . I wonder the right hon . gent , did not take the alarm at the introduction of Catholics , that that did not strike him as one of the features of the Conspiracy . Catholics filling up the ranks of the British army ! 236 Catholics sanctioned by a Royal Duke ! flat Popery ! Why , sir , this was paving the way for the Pope to become Commander in Chief ! ! ! Most happy , sir , should I be to see that class of my fellow citizens restored to the privileges to which they are entitled , and of which they have been deprived by those arbitrary acts , which ought long since to have been repealed . Sir , I disregard the clamour I have excited by the expression I have just used , and I repeat it . The acts which deprive that oppressed part of our fellow subjects of their common rights , even of the privilege of bleeding for their country , but under the heaviest penalties , are arbitrary , cruel , and unjust ; and if the greatness of this empire is to be maintained , they must be repealed . But , I will not now be led further by feelings which I own have strong possession of my mind . The train of reasoning used by the right hon . gent , to prove the existence of conspiracies and plots , appears to me absurd . That a Conspiracy , however , has existed for the destruction of the Duke of York , I am compelled to admit . That such conspiracy was forming by the rankest jacobins this or any other country has at any time produced , is indisputably true . Sir , it has been said , that the blood of the martyrs is the seed of the church . It may with equal force be asserted , that the follies of princes are the food of the jacobins . The underling conspirators were Donovan , Sandon , Maltby , and all that crew connected and supported by the corruptions which took their source in the Duke of York 's fatal abandonment of himself . Where were the more select meetings of the chief conspirators held ? In Gloucester-place . Who , unconscious of his own danger and disgrace , presided in the chair ? The Duke of York.—At the orgies of Gloucester-place , the genius of jacobinism displayed his fullest state . That dreadful masquervjder— There foremost at the banquet and the ball , He led the dance , and threw the deadly die : Nor ever failed the midnight bowl to crown . Gaily carousing midst his gay compeers , Inly he laugh 'd , to see them laugh at him , As absent fur . Let the true method be taken , and this malignant spirit , will be quelled . Expel jacobinism from the palaces and chambers of the great , and it will no longer be found in the hovels of