, in the first instance , that this note seemed to him the most unsatisfactory thing for any purpose that could be imagined . With regard to the similarity of hand-writing , that was so difficult to be ascertained , as appeared from the evidence , as must be known from every man 's experience , that he should not dwell upon that point . But there was a substantive internal evidence connected with this note , that excluded the suspicion of forgery . It was written , it was stated , with a view to impose upon Tonyn . But if that was really the case , was that the sort of note likely to be sent ? Here was a woman with no regard as to the means of accomplishing her objects , and capable of forgery . If she wished to forge a note for the purpose of imposing on Tonyn , of inducing him to suspend his intention of withdrawing the money he had lodged for his promotion , by impressing upon his mind that she had influence with the Duke of York , what was the kind of note she was likely to have written , in order to produce that effect ? Why , something of this nature , — '' If you please , Tonyn 's promotion shall cease ; '' and what should prevent her from subscribing the Duke 's name , particularly when the note was to be shewn to a man who did not probably ever see his royal highness write . But even suppose he were familiar with the Duke 's hand-writing , the house had the evidence , of Town , that Mrs. Clarke could imitate his royal highness 's signature so accurate- 275 ly , that it was scarcely possible to discriminate . The mysterious note , however , was taken by Sandon , ( who , however objectionable in other respects , was not to be discredited on this point ) to capt . Tonyn , and it had the effect , it appears , of dissuading that officer from withdrawing his money , which money Mrs. Clarke afterwards received upon his promotion . That this promotion had gone on in the most regular way was no doubt in proof before the house . But it was not , therefore , clear , that the Duke of York did not derive any pecuniary advantage upon such promotion . Although it might not , indeed , be an operative motive on the Duke 's mind in the grant of promotions , there was nothing in the evidence to negative the idea that he had a knowledge of Mrs. Clarke 's receiving a compliment upon the grant of particular promotions.—On the contrary , there was much that served to cast doubt and hesitation upon that point , particularly with regard to French 's Levy , the circumstances of suspicion connected with which were irresistibly strong , although they did not involve any thing to sustain the charge of personal corruption or participation of profit on the part of the person accused . In fact , there were some parts of the case before the house from which it was impossible not to suspect that the Duke of York had , at least , some general knowledge of the conduct of Mrs. Clarke . This was too manifest , from his own letters , to be successfully denied for a moment . His right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer , had , no doubt evinced a great deal of ingenuity in his endeavour to prove that the Duke 's allusion to gen. Clavering was nothing more than a mere reply to inquire upon a military subject , which the Duke might have given to any person in Charing Cross , without feeling or exciting any suspicion of an improper nature , as well as to this woman , his connection with whom had proved so unfortunate for his character , and so seriously discreditable to him in public opinion . But could this exertion of ingenuity have effect upon the judgment of any impartial man who