who is supposed to have conspired with her , for the purpose of imposing upon the house in a second examination , a confirmation of a story , which she had previously told , ( of a bank note for 200l . having been changed on a certain night from Gloucester-place ; ) but that he , when called upon , would not confirm her allegation . He would say `` that it was a note for 50l. , and not for 200l . as she had stated , with which he was intrusted , and for which he actually did get change . '' ( Afterwards , at your bar , he said it was a bank note of 100l . ) This is to tell you , in plain terms , I have endeavoured to suborn a witness , I have endeavoured to effect a conspiracy with a person to support a part of my evidence against the D. of Y. , and my associate will not bear me out in my allegation . This is not all . The witness returned , and the right hon . gent . would have you believe , that Pierson was not only asked by Mrs. C. to be , but was , a party to the conspiracy . He was far too dull and stupid to be selected by her for a conspirator . Sir , the conspirators do not agree in the same story even in their examinations in chief , to which any dolt might be tutored ; and yet the Chancellor of the Exchequer is convinced , that the second evidence of Pierson is the result of a conspiracy formed between him and Mrs. Clarke . I do not apply myself to the reasoning of the learned judge on this part of the case , who has palpably mistaken Pierson 's evidence.— The disjointed nature of the evidence on this case disproves a conspiracy ; and I put it to the good sense and candour of the house to decide , whether Pierson is , or is not , what I believe him to be , the witness of truth . Sir , the result is , that an exchange had been negociated between Brooke and Knight , and was stopped ; that Mrs. Clarke 's good offices were solicited ; that the exchange proceeded , and was completed ; that the stipulated sum of 200l . was paid to Mrs. C. for her supposed interference ; and that , on the night of the D. of Y . 's departure for Weymouth , a large bank note was given to one of the servants of Gloucester-place to be changed , and was changed . So far , independent of the testimony of Mrs. C. Upon her evidence depends , taken together with all the confirmations it has received in various points , whether the D. of Y. listened to her interference , and knew of her receiving a pecuniary recompence . By my vote 201 I shall decide what I think upon these points . Having attempted to destroy this fabrication of an under conspiracy in the case of Brooke and Knight , I pass to the consideration of the case of major Tonyn , which has some very remarkable features . In the case of Tonyn , all the official transactions were conducted with perfect regularity . No clue whatever was afforded to the detection of any improper proceeding , which the keenest eye , or the most suspicious jealousy , could take up . All was , according to the expression of the right hon . gent. , demonstrably uniform , regular , and official ; and yet , that Mrs. C. 's influence was sold , and exerted ; and , that it was recognized by the Duke of York , is , as demonstrably certain . The prejudices of the right hon . gentleman , which he faintly suspects may disable him from forming a correct judgment , can alone have led him to assert that this case is utterly destitute of every thing which can constitute a charge against h. r.