proper persons . Surely , surely , if there was a connivance on the part of the Duke of York , it would be folly to say that the vigilance of twenty Gordons might not have been eluded . One circumstance of presumption against the Duke has occurred to me within these few hours , which is of some weight . It appears , that the D. of Y. was acquainted with Mrs. C. some time before she was settled in Gloucester-place . That happened in the beginning of the year 1804 . Previous to that period , we do not know that there was trafficking for a single commission . The moment that expence began , began also the shameful sale of Mrs. C. 's influence . The coincidence is remarkable , and deserves to be attended to . Allow that the Duke might , by bare possibility , be ignorant of her corrupt agreements ; that he permitted her interference and influence is fatally proved . The presumption is strong that he connived at her mercenary purposes , and that presumption is founded on the daily experience of human nature . Do we not see in innumerable instances the utter impossibility of stopping when the career is once begun ? Pendens retinacula tendit , Instat equis auriga , neque audit currus habenas . Alas , there is no controul ! With the unbounded affection he felt for this woman , is it not to be believed that he would have allowed her to take money from the pockets of officers for the pretended purpose of furthering or obtaining that which would have been equally done without her interference ? And might he not have laid this unction to his conscience ; that the service did not suffer ? Supposing his connivance to such an extent , I deny that his guilt is of so deep a dye as it would have been , if he had been convicted of gross personal corruption . The right hon . gent . also , has endeavoured to build an argument upon the very small number of facts respecting which any attempt has been made to produce proof before this house ; and he has asked whether it is not miraculous , admitting the connivance of the D. of Y. , that no more than the few cases stated should have come to light ? I would ask in return , whether it is not much more miraculous that a private individual like my hon . friend , 191 who so courageously and at such imminent hazard to himself , has charged the son of his sovereign , a man for fifteen years past Commander in Chief of the army , with all the means which his station has afforded him to form an extensive party of friends and supporters indissolubly attached to his interests , should have been able to prove one charge , than that many should have ; escaped detection ? What effect could a wretch arraigned at the bar of a court of justice hope to produce upon a jury , by telling them that the fact charged and proved ought not to be believed , because his opportunities of committing the same sort of offence had been numerous , and none other had been brought home to him . It never could be accepted as a defence to say , the theft of a shilling , proved upon the prisoner , is not true , because he might have stolen thousands , and he has not been detected in so doing . The single offence subjects the convict to the penalty of the law : in suffering the punishment affixed to it , all his misdeeds are expiated . From miracles , the right hon . gent . descended to possibilities . Is it possible , said he , that the D. of Y. should have so conducted himself ? Time was , that I asked that question . But , we have here before us , [ holding up the evidence ] with sorrow and deep regret I say it , damning proof of the fact