was perfectly sure , that if the equity of the case was with him , the house would lake pleasure in deciding in . favour of general Clavering ; but he must repeat , that in this case , he really thought that tile dignity of the house was at stake , and unless he heard much better reasons than any that had hitherto been assigned for the delay of this subject , he must vote for deciding it now . The question was put , and carried for determining the matter now . declined recapitulating the evidence which general Clavering gale before the committee of the whole house , when he came as a volunteer for the avowed purpose of contradicting the testimony of Mrs. Clarke , on the subject of the Inquiry into the Conduct of his royal highness the Duke of York ; that he said , was in the recollection of the house ; it needed no 779 repetition . It was for the house , according to its own sense of justice , to determine . He therefore now moved ; `` That brigadier general Clavering , in the Evidence given by him before the committee of the whole house , who were appointed to investigate the Conduct of his royal highness the Duke of York , the Commander in Chief , with regard to Promotions , Exchanges , and Appointments to Commissions in the Army , and Staff of the Army , and in raising Levies for the Army , has been guilty of prevarication . '' rose and re-asserted the innocence of that officer , as to the charge conveyed in the motion , although he admitted his incorrectness in some points , owing to the imperfection of his understanding . Was such incorrectness , he would ask , any matter of astonishment , or to be regarded as improbable , when the embarrassment of other and intelligent witnesses was taken into account ; when it was considered that even the honourable mover of the inquiry himself , competent as his capacity was , and fully prepared as his mind must have been , for any examination , was yet so confused , that he did not remember what had happened even within 24 hours immediately preceding , with respect to the number of times he had seen Mrs. Clarke . Now , he put it to the house , whether if cross examination could produce such an instance of confusion in a man of ability , what was to be expected on the part of a person so reared and educated as general Clavering had been ; so unaccustomed to interrogation or public speaking as he must be naturally supposed . General Clavering was perfectly aware of the power of the house , and , of course , willing to submit with all humility to its decision . But yet , whatever that decision might be , which acknowledging his fault as he did most sincerely , would , he hoped , be tempered with mercy , he trusted to his conscious innocence , and that the opinion of a just and generous public would save his character from suffering ; that it would acquit him , at least , of any intentional guilt . argued , that it was no reason at all why the house should not take immediate cognizance of this prevarication , because some other member wished to speak upon the subject , who was necessarily absent , or that some evidence was to be brought forward : no additional evidence was necessary . He could not conceive why general Clavering should not be 780 sent to Newgate , in the same manner as captain Sandon had been . It had been argued , that it could not be supposed a person of such respectable birth , high rank , and good education , as general Clavering , could be guilty of prevarication ; but in his opinion , these were circumstances which only aggravated his offence , and ought to subject him to greater severity of punishment . He was sorry that a gentleman , descended from