He strongly deprecated what had gone abroad with respect to insinuations said to be made in the house , that the accusation was not so much directed against the Duke of York as Commander in Chief , as a branch of a foul Conspiracy against the illustrious family upon the throne . This was , he said , a false and mischievous assertion , and he trusted would be disregard- 677 ed by the country as such . So far from being liable to any such imputation , the hon . gentleman who brought forward the charges was , in his opinion , entitled to , not only the thanks of the house , but of the country . From the letters of capt . Sandon and gen. Clavering , which ( as the hon . member termed it ) were produced at the shrine of insulted honour , he could not hesitate in thinking that his royal highness must have been perfectly aware , that the persons for whom Mrs. Clarke made applications , were wholly unconnected with her in every other view than interested motives on her part.— It had been said by an hon . gentleman that the Commander in Chief was perfectly indifferent in pecuniary transactions . But what did the plain and unadulterated case of Kennett prove ? Did it not demonstrate the contrary of indifference in those matters , when his royal highness could stoop to such a man as that for pecuniary resources ? He was clearly of opinion that connivance must have existed on the part of the Commander in Chief . assured the house , that he would trespass but shortly upon its patience , and if he had not felt that the proposition of the hon . bart . had placed the house in a situation of great embarrassment , he should , seeing the disinclination of the house to attend to the discussion , have forborne to offer himself on the present occasion to its attention.— The worthy bart . instead of proceeding to give a direct negative to the Resolution of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , consistently with the tenor of his arguments , had , on the contrary , pursued a course , which precluded those who agreed in a part of the original Resolution , and differed from a part of it , from voting according to their conviction . He had to complain , therefore , that the Amendment of the worthy bart . had placed gentlemen who thought as he did , in a situation of such difficulty and distress , that they really knew not how to vote . ( A laugh ) . There was nothing ridiculous in the observation . The hon . bart . disapproving of the Resolution , which stated that there was no ground to charge corruption upon the Duke of York , ought , to be consistent with himself , to have given it a negative : but , instead of that , he proposed as an Amendment the direct contrary Resolution . Let the house but reflect , in what a situation it would be placed by this proceeding . If they should negative the Amendment of the worthy bart. , they would be necessarily obliged to 678 affirm the original Resolution ( No ! No ! ) . He insisted , that such would be the case , and to shew that he had not made the assertion lightly , appealed to the Chair , whether on mentioning his doubts to the Speaker , he had not the support of his authority for the statement he had made ? The Amendment of the worthy bart . went to fix the Duke with both corruption and connivance ; and considering the different opinions which were entertained on this subject , he must say the inconvenience of such an Amendment was extreme . He had clearly understood his right hon . friend to mean by his statement this night , but still more clearly by what he had said on a former night , that nothing further was to be done judicially or criminally by the