been true , every word that she uttered would have stamped itself on our consciences : every spark of evidence that was elicited from her would have been a flash of light to us , a torch of shame to the criminal . Nay , had she been ( not a reluctant ) but even an indifferent and unbiassed witness , with what effect would she have spoken , with what efficacy might she have accused ! But when we find that this reluctant witness is herself the feeder and the fanner of the flame ; when we see that she testifies in public , what she concerts in private ; when we know her to be not only a witness , but a procuress of witnesses ; when we find her raking for evidence even among discarded servants , and forgetting even her sex and her assumed station in this pursuit ; and when , to finish the picture , we behold her trying to conceal all this under the masquerade dress of reluctance : what man , I will not say what lawyer ( their opinions the hon . baronet considers as worse than nothing ) , but , what honest man will credit so profligate a witness ? She continues this farce even further ; and tells us that `` Col. Wardle took from her , against her will and by force , the letters which most of all have led to this . '' Whether the hon . member did take those Letters by force or not , lies with him to explain ( for , I own , I do not think that what we have hitherto heard from him is at all satisfactory ) : but , at all events , her 436 representation of the effect of those letters must be false , and of no more consideration than her other pretences ; for they , in fact , do not at all relate to h. r. h. , nor to any matter now under our discussion ; they are Donovan 's letters to her , and dated in December last . Here then we have the real cause of her anger at their production ; this indeed afflicts her , not because they inculpate the D. of Y. , but because they acquit him . The hon . member , however he may have obtained these letters , undoubtedly deserves our commendation for having produced them . Where the hon . gent . deserves our praise , it would be unjust not to bestow it ; and he has , in bringing these letters before us , acted with extreme candour indeed , for they are , in fact , a deathblow to his charges . They exhibit , we allow , a scene of deep and varied corruption ; they offer instances of the traffic for preferments in church and state ; and they prove incontestibly that there is hardly any situation so high , that knaves may not pretend to be able to sell , and that dupes may not hope to have opportunities of buying . But all this corruption is not the Duke 's , nor the Duke 's mistress 's . These letters are dated more than two years and a half after the dismissal of Mrs. C. ; dated at a time that these charges were actually in preparation , not six weeks before they were exhibited , in Nov. and Dec. 1808 ! Good God , sir , can those who , on Mrs. C. 's evidence , believe the D. of Y. to be guilty , have read that evidence ; or can they have adverted to these facts , that at this very hour there is a sum of 800l . lodged at a banker 's , to be paid for an office which Mrs. C. pretends she is able to procure ; that this woman at this moment has her dupes ; that she now represents herself as influencing the duke of Portland , as she formerly represented herself as influencing the Duke of York ; that an attorney at Fishmongers '