, when under any circumstances in any country or climate it has encountered his foes . Remember how often the valour and discipline of our troops , and the conduct and ability of the officers who led them against the enemy , has merited and received the thanks of this house . Is it to be believed , that officers advanced by corruption , or an army led by such officers could ever have achieved those acts of valour which will be remembered and celebrated to the end of time , which have rendered them the dread of their enemies , and entitled them to the everlasting gratitude of their country . But it is said that worthy and meritorious as these officers are , and justly as they were entitled to their promotion , they may still have obtained a preference through the influence of Mrs. C. Really , sir , when not an officer is even stated to have been promoted by her influence , whose merit did not qualify him for his station ; when not a single instance , has occured in which any one could say that the officer who was advanced was not in every respect fit for the situation to which he was raised , I have hardly coolness to enquire into the cause of such promotions . But , will the hon . gent , opposite , or any other hon . gent. , tell me , that the fact of a single officer having been preferred through the influence of Mrs. C , is satisfactorily proved ? That Mrs. C. received money from some who were promoted , as the price of her supposed interest in their favor , I admit . The house has seen enough of Mrs. C. to form a judgment what she is capable of attempting , and to what lengths she will go . Mrs. Clarke is a woman who possesses an uncommon degree of art and readiness . She sees with a quick eye how things are going on in the world . She knows , how to represent herself to Mr. Maltby , as a person who still has credit with those in power , that she may still make a profit of her pretended interest ; and I believe 263 that she is as able to procure promotions now as she ever was . She looked round the military world , and informed herself how military promotions were going forward , what solicitations were made for them , by what recommendations they were supported , and what was the probability of their success . She had her emissaries to insinuate that by her credit these promotions might be secured : through them she sold an influence which she did not possess , and stipulated for the payment of the price when that should be done , which she had no share in procuring . She risked nothing in this . She observed what applications were likely to succeed ; she made her arrangements accordingly ; if the thing failed she remained as before ; if it succeeded , she took the credit to herself , and received the price of her pretended interference . She pursued a plan like that which was once for a long time practised most successfully by a debtor in Newgate . He had observed that of the convicts who were sentenced to death , several were always reprieved ; and that the reprieves were always granted to those whose crimes were not attended with any circumstances of particular aggravation . Building upon this , he represented to each set of convicts , that he possessed a secret but powerful interest with certain persons in office , and that by his means reprieves had often been procured . He prevailed upon each of them to deposit a sum of money in his hands , under a promise that he would exert himself to procure reprieves for them , and return their money to those for whom he should be unsuccessful . Without moving a step in their favour , he quietly waited for the result . To those who