conversation at which she was present , between the Duke of York and Mrs. Clarke . She says that the Duke of York told Mrs. Clarke `` that col. French worried him continually about the Levy business , and was always wanting something more in his own fa-favour . Turning to Mrs. Clarke , I think he said , How does he behave to you Darling ? or some such kind words as he used to use . Mrs. Clarke replied , Middling not very well . The Duke afterwards said , Master French must mind what he is about or I shall cut up him and his Levy too . '' Upon this narrative of what passed in the presence of Miss Taylor , the rt . hon . gent . has made several observations ; tending to shew that the conversation itself is invented . That Mrs. Clarke is the authoress , Miss Taylor the instrument , and that not one syllable of it ought to be believed . First , he confidently states , that , at the distance of time at which this conversation is said to have taken place , it is quite impossible Miss Taylor should be able to remember it . I can not but observe , how very unequally the rt . hon gent . treats the two witnesses , Miss Taylor and Mrs. Clarke . With Mrs. Clarke it is quite impossible she should forget , with Miss Taylor it is quite impossible she should remember . He uses them at discretion , just as it suits his purpose . He creates impossibilities both ways , which do not in fact exist : Thereby shewing that he argues upon no fixed or settled principles of reasoning , or experience ; and that his conclusions are not to be accepted without the most scrupulous examination . Sir , it must be admitted . 219 that it is difficult to give a correct account of a conversation after a considerable lapse of time , and especially if it shall have passed only in our presence , and we have had no interest in it : except , there shall have been some exciting cause of an uncommon nature , such as would be likely to fix it in the memory . In this case there was such a cause , and very likely to produce such an effect . It was the Duke of York , the Commander in Chief of the army , speaking for the first time in the presence of Miss Taylor , on the business of his office . It is highly probable that this single conversation would make an impression never to be effaced . Upon that ground therefore I find no difficulty in believing that Miss Taylor might recollect every word that passed . As to the words themselves : a good deal of weight would be given to the evidence respecting them in my opinion ; if I could ascertain whether they were on were not such words as the Duke of York would in all probability have used , if he had talked with Mrs. Clarke on such subjects . There are some persons with whom I am intimately acquainted , whose words when repeated I should immediately recognize , and be able at once to declare that they were uttered by such a person , without the name being mentioned . I had never the honour of being in company with h. r. h. , it is therefore impossible for me to form any judgment on that matter : but there are many who hear me who are able to put the evidence of Miss Taylor to this , amongst many other tests , of its truth . The right hon . gent . again flies to the refuge of a conspiracy , and Miss Taylor , he tells us , is a witness instructed by Mrs. C. If I could allow this to be the case , again I should say , that , acute and ingenious as Mrs. C. shewed herself to be , in the sharp encounter of wits , which