his royal highness has been advised to address to this house . It was an act of great impropriety . I will not now say what might be urged upon the manifest infraction of our privileges ; for such is the importance of the main subject of our debate , it absorbs all other considerations . It is a melancholy task he has imposed upon the representatives of the people to pronounce upon his guilt or innocence , after having solemnly pledged his word to his utter ignorance of facts to which it is charged that he was privy . Against the conviction which I feel upon this point arising out of the proofs , what can I put which ought to make the scale preponderate ? The honour of a prince ! Sir , what is the honour of a prince more than the word of a man ? If the pledged honour of the Duke of York is suffered to have the slightest weight in our deliberations , against the evidence of facts proved at the bar of this house , there is an end at once to all freedom of discussion ; all inquiry must hereafter be fruitless . There was no necessity for this assertion on the part of the Duke of York . The alternative to which we are reduced by it , is by no means honourable to him , and very miserable to us . What can avail such asseverations ? the hour must come when all distinctions will be levelled by death . The innocence and guilt of all will at some time appear : but to the protestations of the accused , we must turn a deaf ear . Have we not heard wretches led to execution , with the rope 239 about their necks , on the brink of eternity , in . the last vain hope of escaping from punishment , call on their Maker to witness that innocence which could not by possibility exist . Sir , such protestations are horrible to my ear , feeling as I feel , and acting as I shall be compelled to act , when called upon to give my verdict as a member of this house.—It has been confidently asserted by the right hon . gent , that the public virtue of this kingdom is now eminently conspicuous ; that there never was a period of our history , when public men could with less justice be charged with corruption . If by corruption the right hon . gent . means to confine himself simply to peculation , and direct coarse bribery by money , I may be disposed to agree in the justice of his remark , but let me add the reason . A spirit of enquiry is alive . Men do not chuse to have their names recorded in the blue books which lie upon your table . Detection is more likely , and therefore we act under stronger restraints . Such things , however , have been brought to light , as render the admission I have made , doubtful in the extreme . For the rest , Corruption , by the means of patronage and influence , has been extended till it 's limits have vanished from our sight . Corruption to the very core ! However we may flatter ourselves , that poison , more to be dreaded than all the hostile efforts of Buonaparté , is making an unheeded , but certain and rapid progress ; it hourly saps the state , and if not checked , it must speedily prove fatal . I conjure the house of commons , instantly to set about the grand work of reformation in every department . Let not a moment be lost ! for in reform , temperate and rational reform , lies the only hope of salvation . We must reform , or we shall perish ! Sir , I trust we shall hear no more of prosecutions for libels on the Duke of York , on the subject of army promotions . Vile and calumnious as such publications have been I hope they will be