hear ! ) .—Whether the Chancellor of the Exchequer would press his second Resolution or not , in the event of this Amendment being disposed of , he could not pretend to know . But he was ready to say , that he could not vote the direct negative of that Resolution in its present shape ; and that was one of the disadvantages attendant upon the mode of proceeding preferred upon the recommendation of the Chancellor of the Exchequer . For many things could be put into an Address , which could not be put into a Resolution . If the right hon . gent . pressed his Resolution , he was sure that he would provoke a discussion likely to be very disagreeable to the person who was the subject of it . He would find that there were many degrees , and shades of doubt , and difference upon the point with regard to which he would ask for a decided negative : — '' I am perfectly willing , '' said Mr. T. `` to vote that corruption has not been proved against the Duke of York ; but no man living has a right to sift my heart , and ask , 'is nothing unpleasant passing there ? ' I can not say that , and therefore I can not vote for the right hon . gent 's . Resolution . `` —lie would not agree to the right hon . gent . 's Resolution at all , unless an addition was made to it , pledging the house to go further—unless , to adopt the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's own words , there was a security that the house would come to a distinct substantive opinion upon the whole of the case.—If the right hon . gent , had no objection to his addition , he had no objection to the right hon . gent . 's commencement . He was anxious that the public should understand , that so far from then-supposed impression being right—so far from the case being closed , the discussion was only beginning afresh , and in a different form of proceeding . He also wished it to be understood , in order to guard against mistake , that it was still competent to any member to propose an Address in lieu of a 654 Resolution , notwithstanding former decisions . [ Some indication of doubt being expressed from the Treasury bench , the right hon . gent . insisted upon his proposition . ] He did not mean to propose any such Address himself , but he trusted that no proceeding would be carried which should preclude the house from considering the whole of the case , why the royal character of the Duke of York , as a person so near the throne , should have been acquitted ; he trusted that he would not be allowed to escape the censure which ought to attach to him as Commander in Chief , in which situation he was open to censure as well as any other individual in the same office.—No one was more sensible than he was of the salutary regulations introduced into the army by the Duke of York ; of the improvements which under his auspices had taken place in its discipline and general management . He was also sensible of the general kindness and conciliation of his disposition and manners , and that no person departed from his presence dissatisfied with his conduct . It was , therefore ; with extreme regret that he saw his royal highness placed in the situation in which he then stood , that he felt himself obliged to pronounce that his royal highness could not remain in office without great inconvenience to the public service . From all that had transpired , the removal of the Duke of York became essentially necessary . It was generally and justly understood , that that removal would follow the disclosures which had been made in that house . Indeed , the resignation of his royal highness ought to have preceded those discussions . Had ministers duly regarded his royal highness