evidence which human affairs admit of from the testimony of witnesses . Thus an event , which happens in the sight of the witness , must be believed to he true , provided the witness who proves it is a witness of veracity . In proportion as the matter to be given in evidence falls short of that character , in the same proportion ( however pure and credible the witness ) the testimony falls short of legal demonstration . And in the same proportion the conviction to arise from it diminishes . Now the evidence of verbal declaration , of words spoken , or conversations held , is directly the reverse of that which I have termed legal demonstration , for in all testimony of this kind , the witness may be the witness of perfect truth , and yet the fact to which he speaks may not be true ; nay it may be perfectly false : or , to speak more correctly , it may be true in the conception and belief of the witness , according to his recollection , and yet ' in fact different , and give an impression perfectly different from the words spoken . There is another character belonging to this species of evidence , very material to be attended to , namely , that it is impossible to contradict it . It is a declaration in words , and all that can be said by any other witness , than the witness who proves them , is , that he did not hear the party speak them . When two persons are present to set : an act done , you can have contradictory proof . The negative can be proved ; but in the case of verbal declaration , the negation 343 can not be established : it is remarked therefore by all law authors on this subject , that the witness to confessional evidence , or verbal declarations , can not , in those courts where oaths are administered , he indicted for perjury . Accordingly , Mr. Justice Blackstone in his Commentaries says , 'Words are the weakest and most 'suspicious testimony , seldom remembered 'accurately , or reported with due precision , 'and incapable in their nature of being 'disproved by other negative evidence . ' That incomparable judge and writer , who at once breathes the spirit of liberty and justice , Mr. Foster , of whom it was truly said , that his works would last as long as the constitution of England should endure , says , `` Words are transient and fleeting as the wind , easily misunderstood , and often misreported ; whether through ignorance , inattention , or malice , it mattereth not lo the defendant , he is equally affected in either case ; and they are extremely liable to misconstruction , and withal this evidence is not in the course of things to be disproved by that sort of negative evidence by which the proof of plain facts may be , and is so often confronted . Hasty confessions made to persons having no authority to examine , are the weakest and most suspicious of all evidence : as proof of them may be too easily procured , and can not be by any means contradicted . '' If these doctrines and principles are applicable to any case , I am sure it must be allowed , that they are applicable to that under consideration ; for a case of verbal declaration snore fraught with every circumstance , which leads to the disbelief of its accuracy never was attempted to be brought before any tribunal . First of all , it will he recollected , and I beg the attention of the House to this most important observation , that the testimony given by Miss Taylor ; her confirmation of the evidence of Mrs. C. ; the existence of such a person , or of such a proof , was never hinted at by the mover of these Charges , when he opened them ; nay , it appears that it was not only not known to that gent