hon . gent , says , that Mr. Dowler never did state that he did not pass the night with Mrs. C. at the hotel , and upon that he founds a most violent attack upon my learned friend , who asserted that Mr. Dowler had been contradicted . He states him as a person standing unimpeached and without contradiction . He admits it is proved that Mr. Dowler slept with Mrs. C , but he says that Mr. Dowler had not denied it . In all fair construction of his evidence he had denied it . His account agreed with Mrs. C. 's , their evidence was directed to the same object , and both are met by the same contradiction . The hon . gent , in the next place , insisted that Mr. Knight had not in any respect contradicted Mrs. C , at least that he had not materially done so . Now , looking at the evidence with all the attention which I am master of , I find it impossible to reconcile their testimony . If the hon . gent , does not strike out the evidence of the one he must of the other , for Mr. Knight says positively , she desired that the business night not be mentioned to the D. of . Y. : she as positively denies it . Mr. Knight declares she said she would expose , the D. of Y. , as she is now attempting to do , if she could not bring him to terms , and this also she as positively denies . What then can the hon . gent , mean , by saying that Mr. Knight does not contradict Mrs. Clarke ? There was another contradiction which the hon . gent . probably felt too strong to be got over , and therefore left it untouched . I aliude to that which regards Mrs. Favory . Mrs. C. says , she only knew her by the name of Favory , and that she never knew her by any other name ; yet it appears , upon the evidence of Mr. Ellis , a respectable clergyman , that Mrs. C permitted Mrs. Favory to take her name of Farquhar ; that she visited her at Mr. Ellis 's where she lived under that name ; that she enquired for her by that name ; and that under that name she gave her the character which introduced her to the service of Mr. Ellis . All these appear to me material contradictions to Mrs. C. 's evidence ; they shew in her an absolute disregard to truth , and leave her entitled to no credit with the house . All of them , except the last , the hon . gent , has laboured to explain away , but I think most unsuccessfully . His strenuous endeavours to do it shew how important a point in the case he felt this to be , and therefore I have attempted to follow him in his arguments , and to shew their insufficiency . If her credit be effectually impeached , as 248 I think it is , the charge of corruption against h. r. h. will , in my opinion , be left altogether without support ; for all the arguments by which it is attempted to fix this charge upon the Duke rest substantially upon her evidence alone . It is said that the general expenditure in Gloucester-Place greatly exceeded the sums allotted by h. r. h. to Mrs. C , and must have convinced him that she supplied herself by these corrupt practices . But upon whose credit does this rest , except Mrs. C. 's ? The money with which she was supplied passed personally from the D. of Y. to her ; the extent of these supplies rests upon her assertion only , and we are desired to take it upon her single credit that those supplies were as inadequate as she has staled to her apparent expenditure . When we follow the hon . gent , in his consideration of the particular cases charged against the D. of York ,