worthy bart . might have introduced his motion , the hon . gentleman who followed him had treated it in a manner , he might almost say , unparliamentary ; for his speech was not a reply to the speech of the worthy hart. , but to some speech supposed to have been made by him upon a former occasion ; if he disapproved of the public conduct , he did not think it fair to conclude that he was guilty of aspersion towards an individual . He declined offering any opinion upon the conduct of the present Admiralty ; he had only their own word for their merit . His hon . friend had proposed a Resolution , in which he entirely concurred ; he ( Mr. W ) had been for two years of his life engaged in an inquiry into public abuses , and he could pronounce that they were many , and difficult to be removed . The hon . gent . had asked , why did the Commissioners of Naval Revision , being members of parliament , why did they not reform the abuses they had detected ? But , then , the hon . gent . had assumed what was not the case ; for there was but one member of parliament , who was his hon . friend , attached to that committee ; and it was a misfortune that their suggestions were not acted on . The hon . gent . himself had admitted , that the Victualling Board , was found to be so vicious , that it was almost a question with them whether it should be broken up or not . ( Here the hon . member signified his dissent from the statement . ) He so understood him , and was sorry if he had misconceived . It had been said , that those who were dismissed were too ill , and too old , & c. He wished to know what were the tit etcœteras ? The Commissioners of Naval Revision had said , that improper persons were employed , and it was asked , why did not his hon . friend , the whole time he was in office , amend what was wrong ? It should be considered how long he really was in office , before that question was put and it would be easy to account for it upon the shortness of the period . He could not agree with his right hon . friend near him in his opinion of the accuracy that he accounted so trivial ; he did not see what there was to prevent the accounts of government from being kept as accurately as the accounts of merchants . He did not know whether it was the intention to follow up the Resolution by any subseqsent proceeding ; but whether or not , he thought 758 that if the house gave that Resolution the go-by , it would do away all the advantage which the committee was intended and calculated to produce , and the government might go on appointing persons to situations upon the same system as before ; that is , only with a view to their interest . For these reasons he would support the motion of his hon . friend . defended the course pursued by his hon . friend ( Sir C. Pole ) . It was consistent with the general tenor of his public exertions— ever anxious , as he had shewed himself , in bringing before that house abuses which , if suffered to continue , must prove detrimental to the best interests of the country . It was not as a dead letter that he wished the laborious investigation of the Commissioners to lie upon the table . No ; he desired to carry them into effect , to let the people enjoy the benefit of such labours , by the operation of the different remedies which were recommended . By such conduct , parliament would obtain , as it would merit , the confidence of the constituent body ; seeing as it would in such circumstances , the important trust