so guardedly , as to suggest to the hon . gent. , that h. r. h. anticipated , while he was writing it , the possibility of its coming under the public eye , and that he guarded himself in his expressions accordingly ? I am persuaded , sir , on the contrary , that every unprejudiced mind will see in the language of it the strongest marks of the most unreserved , and confidential communication . But , sir , it is necessary to refer to some refer letters , which we have in evidence , 130 and which have passed between gen. Clavering and Mrs. C. which will afford a useful comment upon the letter under consideration . I much deceive myself , if it will net appear from these letters , compared especially with gen. Clavering 's evidence , that she was corresponding with gen. Clavering and the D. of Y. , at a sort of cross-purposes , receiving applications in cue sense , and answering them in another . It , appears from gen. Clavering 's own evidence , that he had offered 1,000l . to Mrs. C. for a regiment . I conceive that we can not give a date to this offer at any other period than just about the date of the Duke 's letter . It should seem , that in consequence of this offer Mrs. C. made some application to h. r. h. , and that this letter from the D. of Y. , in which gen. Clavering 's name is mentioned , was the answer to it . It is evident , that no mention was made of the offer of this 1,000l . If it had been mentioned , it is impossible that the answer of the D. of Y. should not have taken some notice of that circumstance ; he must cither have been disposed to encourage or resist it , but evidently he does neither ; we must conclude therefore , that she did not mention it . Yet how is it , consistently with the supposition of the Duke 's knowing of her corrupt practices , that we can account for her omitting to mention it ? It is the largest offer which appears at any time to have been made to her ; and would not the D. of Y. , if ha knew , if he approved , if he encouraged these practices , if he profited by them ; would he not have received with eagerness an application of this sort ? But as the truth unquestionably is , that h. r. h , was wholly ignorant of these transactions , and would have discarded Mrs. C. the moment he suspected them , her silence is easily accounted for . I wish to bring the attention of the house pointedly to the date of the letter : the letter written by the D. of Y. , is dated Sandgate , August 24 , 1804 ; and we have a letter from gen. Clavering , dated Bishop 's Waltham , 5th Sept. , 1804 . This letter , from its context , is evident Ivan answer to one which the general had received from Mrs. C. ; probably the letter which conveyed to him the representation which Mrs. C. made of the Duke 's answer to that application for a regiment , winch she was to make in consequence of the offer of the 1,000l . What that answer was , we see in the letter in which gen. Clavering 's name is mentioned , and which probably reached her on the 25th 20th 131 of August . Now , let us see gen . Covering 's reply to Mrs. C. , and from that we shall judge how correctly she must have Stated to gen. Clavering the substance of the Duke 's letter . The reply is in these words , `` My dear Mrs. C , you mention that h. r. h. did not comprehend my proposal . My idea was this , the Defence Act , article 30 , states 'that men to be raised by that act , are not