that the witness who states it to have belonged to the due de Bern , states in the answers which immediately follow , that the D. of Y. never saw the plate , or knew to whom it belonged . I shall now endeavour to discuss the subject of Miss Taylor 's evidence , in a manner that I trust will not raise a prejudice against me , even by those who are the most anxious to protect Miss Taylor . I am aware how ineffectual it is to attempt to do any good with any tribunal , especially with a popular tribunal like this , by counteracting their prepossessions . I see that in many there is a prepossession in favour of Miss Taylor , or rather a prejudice against the manner in which she has been cross-examined , and in which evidence has been brought to discredit her . Without admitting that these prepossessions are well-founded ; but on the contrary , considering the course taken as perfectly legitimate , I do not feel it necessary for my argument to call that course in aid . The noble lord ( Lord Folkestone , ) has told us , that Miss Taylor has suffered cruelly in consequence of what passed in this house respecting her . If that be so , I say sincerely , that I am very sorry for her sufferings ; but I can not therefore agree , that the rules of justice are not to be followed out , that witnesses are not to be detected , that they are not to be traced in their lives and connections , and that their evidence is not to be commented upon , whatever the consequence may be . It is a misfortune , but it is one in which all of us in our turn must be liable for the sake of justice . The noble lord , who commiserates Miss Taylor , does not think therefore that he should abstain from the most severe observations on other witnesses , lie attacks , without reserve , the official veracity and the correctness of col. Gordon 's testimony , ( a witness above all exception , ) without consideration as to the effect it may have ; and in doing so , he does his duty , when he makes the observation which his conscience justifies , and his judgment dictates . But while I say this in defence of justice , I do not require it to serve use in the course which I shall take in discussing Miss Taylor 's evidence . In my view of it , her character , her course of life , her connexions , shall not have a single observation made upon them . On this subject I beg the most serious attention of the House , as I conceive it , in the view I take of it , to be one of the most important features in this most cruel , most 342 extraordinary , and unprecedented case-The nature of the evidence which Mis Tay ; lor has given , is well known to the law upon which it will appear that much doc-trine of great importance is to he found . It is in ordinary criminal cases known as evidence of confession . In other words it is the verbal , declaration of the party , brought against him to convict him ; and , though admissible , is invariably considered as the slightest and most ineffectual of all testimony , unless supported by a strong foundation of fact , that is , by the res gestœ , and without such support is not permitted to have any influence in any case civil or criminal . Now , before I cite authority on this subject , permit me to state some principles and rules which govern in matters of evidence of this nature . If I were asked what legal demonstration is , I should say that legal demonstration is that evidence , in which , if the witness speaks true , the fact to which he speaks must be true . That it is the highest