honorable for the injury done to the public by his indiscretions , and that it vindicated the constitutional authority of this house , by proving that every man in this country , whatever may be his rank , who fills an office of trust , is responsible de facto as well as de jure for every thing that passes in the office he holds . Without this proof I should have thought the sober thinking part of the community would have had a right to complain that their representatives had failed in this most important part of their duty , and that responsibility , though held forth in words , was a nullity in practice , when applied to persons of that elevated rank . Should this opinion prevail amongst the reflecting part of the nation , then indeed serious apprehensions might be entertained that the public mind would be disturbed as to the safety of the constitution under the present checks on the prerogative of the crown , and that the limitations established at the Revolution , and on the accession of the present illustrious dynasty , were hot adequate to protect the public against the injuries which may arise from the sons of the crown being placed in offices of high trust . Perhaps some well intentioned warm minds may think , that on the present occasion enough has not been done by this house ; but I rely on the good sense of the people of England , when they reflect on all the circumstances attending persons and things , they will see enough has been done to attain the substantial object of proving that no rank in this happy country can preserve in office a person who by weakness or irregularities in conduct injures the public . Those who attended to the progress of opinion in this house , during the 12 nights 723 laborious inquisition into the disgusting transactions which were laid before the committee , had no doubt , but that , though the royal Duke might , from the nature of the evidence and of those who gave it on the baser part of the charge , be acquitted , yet , that it was impossible the remaining part of his conduct could escape animadversion , from this house . Accordingly we have seen that the Resolutions proposed by Mr. Wardle , which considered all the charges as proved , were supported only by a minority of 125 . It is to be remarked that before the house came to a division on them , two other sets of Resolutions were also laid before it , those the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Bathurst ) has now read , which appeared to me sufficiently strong to oblige the royal Duke to resign , and those of Mr. Bankes , which were something stronger . There were then before the house three sets of Resolutions . That all those members who considered themselves in the light of jurymen ( I shall not Stop at present to enquire whether a member of this house ought or ought not so to consider himself ) should vote against Mr. Wardle 's Resolutions , is not surprizing , as I am persuaded they would have done so on the same evidence before a court of justice . On the division which next took place on Mr. Bankes 's Resolutions , the minority increased to 199 . It is to be remembered that if Mr. Wardle 's and Mr. Bankes 's were negatived , those of Mr. Bathurst remained to be decided on by the house . It was plain that , if this had not been so , the minority on Mr. Bankes 's would have been much more numerous , and there could be little doubt , but that if Mr. Bathurst 's had been proposed before the resignation of the Commander-in-Chief , they would have been supported by a majority of this house , and it was obvious , if the effect had not been produced , the house would not have stopped there . It is true the royal Duke , in his