D. of Y. to justify their inflicting censure or punishment . From the weight of evidence , it appeared to him the D. of Y. ought , to be put upon his trial , in other words , to be impeached , in order to enable him to redeem his honour which he had pledged to the house upon his innocence , and that if he was found guilty , he ought to be punished . conceived it his bounden duty to state to the house the reasons upon which his opinion was founded . The house , he observed , had three questions to determine in this case : First , Whether the D. of Y. was guilty ? 2dly , To what extent ? and 3dly , Whether any and what proceedings should be taken in consequence ? In his opinion , the Amendment proposed by the hon . gent , on the floor ( Mr. Bankes ) was more objectionable , while it professed to be milder than the original Address ; as it asserted a connivance at the abuses disclosed in the evidence , relative to the disposal of commissions , which connivance , had it actually taken place , must , both in morality and law , be deemed criminal : this criminality , too , aggravated by the grossest hypocrisy ; such disposal of commissions being a direct breach of the regulations promulgated by the Duke of York himself.—The propriety of deciding upon his right hon . friend 's resolution , in the first instance , was , he thought , obvious for this simple reason , that all , or at least nearly all men professedly concurred in acquitting the D. of Y. of personal corruption . That , then , being the declaration which his right hon . friend 's motion called for , he saw no good reason for objecting to it , and after its adoption , the house would be competent to determine upon the expediency of any subsequent proceeding , whether for removal or not . To send up any address to his majesty relative to the D. of Y. including the charge of connivance , would in his judgment , be most severe and unjust , particularly when the nature of the evidence was considered . It would be an act of cruelty to pronounce an irrevocable sentence upon the illustrious accused , which would be worse than death ; it would be to affix an infamy to h. r. h. 's name and 416 character amongst the present and future generations ; it would be in fact more merciful to stab him at once to the heart . If the charge of foul corruption was thus fixed upon him , how could he appear in the army , or hold up his head in society ? The Address he conceived inconsistent in a very glaring point of view , because , if the D. of Y. were guilty , the Address proposed too little , and if innocent it proposed too much . The learned gent , defended the D. of Y . 's Letter to the house , which he asserted to contain no more than this reasonable requisition `` do not condemn me without a fair trial , '' and could any constitutional Englishman reject such a request , whether made by a Prince or a peasant ? What did he ask more than what the terms of the Great Charter prescribed , That no man should be condemned unheard ; without being furnished with the Charges against him ; without being allowed the opportunity of appearing to defend himself ? The Prince , therefore claimed nothing more than the privilege granted to the most humble subject in the land , and this he claimed from that house of commons , which upon this occasion thought proper to assume the judicial character . Upon the impropriety of such an assumption of blending the legislative and judicial character , the learned gent . quoted the authority of Judge Blackstone . But having assumed the judicial character , he called upon the house to be influenced