, and left it to the house without a comment . Whether the communication of such an important fact did not render any further proceeding unnecessary , he left it to his right hon . friend to determine . In rising Sir , to express my sentiments upon the motion of which I had given previous notice , it becomes me to bestow peculiar attention upon the communication which has just now been made by my right hon . friend , the Chancellor of the Exchequer . That , Sir , which he has stated for the consideration of the house , is undoubtedly a fact of a most important nature ; which at once inclines me to offer a few observations on the subject so long under discussion . There is no person in the country more sensible of the consequences likely to result from this event ; there is no person more sensible than I am of the loss which the public will experience and sustain by his royal highness the Duke of York retiring from the command of the army . The many institutions which he was instrumental in commencing and promoting , and the regulations which he thought proper to adopt , have produced many salutary benefits ; and what still more increases the importance of that illustrious personage 's station , and made it more conducive to the good of the country , was , that by possessing the high rank which individually belonged to him , he 714 was more enabled , because he possessed more authority than any subject of inferior degree , to carry every proper measure and every due regulation into its full effect . At the same time it is my wish to call the attention of gentlemen to the observations which I made on a former night , during the discussion on the Evidence contained in the Report of the Committee , and to bring their recollection to what I then stated to be the grounds of my proposing a certain Resolution to be laid before you , for the consideration of this house . The same reason which actuated me at that time , does not cease to urge me at present to pursue the same line of conduct and the same principles which I was then disposed to adopt ; such a mode of procedure still remains unaffected by the communication of the fact just now alluded to by the right hon . gent . The principle , Sir , upon which I have previously assigned my intention to propose a Resolution , by which the house might come to an ultimate decision on the question , is not at all altered ; though I am ready to allow the grounds upon which I intended to have acted have become in some degree narrowed , in consequence of what has transpired upon the present occasion . In reverting to the sentiments delivered during the debate , I may venture to declare , I never thought there was any proof of corruption , or criminal connivance at corruption , against this illustrious personage , and I may still further venture to affirm , although his royal highness , amidst those who have defended him from such an accusation , has had advocates of great eloquence and of superior ability , he has not met with a more sincere opponent to these charges of corruption than myself . So far has been my mind from forming an unfavourable opinion on this part of the subject , whereby corrupt practices have been imputed to this illustrious personage , that I can assure the house , I did not harbour even a lurking suspicion of any criminality which could prevent him from going forth into the world with clean hands , and free from the charge of any foul imputation . The house must still bear in recollection , how the question respecting the conduct of the duke of York was brought before their consideration ; and they will also recollect how I came to bring forward any distinct motion on the subject . An hon . member , who was