; and yet Ferrol had surrendered without resistance . By the same mode of argument , the fleet at Cadiz might also fall into the possession of the enemy . Surely , some means might have been found of removing the ships at Ferrol from the power of the 798 enemy ; they might have been sent half manned to Minorca , or any other place where they would have been out of his reach.—Whilst upon his legs , he wished to ask the noble Secretary of State , when it was likely the Treaty with the Spanish government would be laid before the house ? said , after the wish expressed by the noble lord , his noble friend would probably withdraw his motion , but he trusted his noble friend , on again making it , would enlarge it , so as to include all the communications which had taken place on this subject . He had heard with pain , the statement of the noble lord , and could not but think that there had been a great want of prudence and foresight in the conduct of ministers , in not having taken measures to secure the fleet at Ferrol from the grasp of the enemy . He did not mean to say , that they ought to have resorted to force and violence against an ally , but he thought they had been deficient in measures of friendship and conciliation , which would have produced a far different effect . had always deprecated any attempt to obtain a partial object for our own advantage , in the assistance given to Spain . It had constantly been the policy of his majesty 's ministers to give a disinterested support to the Spanish cause , from which , ultimately , the greater advantage would arise , and from which , already many advantages had flowed . He was glad to hear the noble lord ( Grenville ) say , that force and violence ought not to have been resorted to , and he trusted the noble baron was prepared to go further and to say , that neither threat nor menace ought to have been adopted towards our ally.—With respect to the question of the noble duke , he expected to have his majesty 's commands to lay the Treaty with the Spanish government before the house on Monday . was disposed to agree with the noble earl , that neither force nor violence , nor threat , nor menace , ought to have been used ; but deeply lamented , that after the statement made With respect to the ships being essential to the defence of Ferrol , that that place should have surrendered without resistance . agreed to withdraw his motion for the present , in consequence of what had been said by the noble lord ; but he would not believe that such could have been the conduct of the Spaniards , until the documents were before the house , 799 It was acknowledged that the means existed of removing the fleet , and the 32nd French bulletin confessed that the inhabitants of Ferrol were all English at heart . There was therefore a concurrence of circumstances to prove , that the fleet might have been rescued from the grasp of the enemy . observed , that a heavy responsibility rested upon ministers with respect to the Spanish navy . They had suffered the fleet at Ferrol to fall into the hands of the enemy , and if the plea they had set up was to be allowed , with what hope could they look to the other ports of Spain ? It was not only at Cadiz , as stated by a noble duke , that there was a Spanish fleet , but there was also at Carthagena a considerable squadron , which had lately arrived there from Minorca , and the responsibility rested with Ministers , that these fleets should not be converted by the enemy into instruments of hostility against this country . Some further conversation ensued with respect to bringing forward the motion on a future day , but lord Auckland