how was the house sure that any further Resolution Would be adopted ? But even if the further propositions of the Chancel- 270 lor of the Exchequer were acceded to , was it possible that they could be satisfactory to the house or to the country ? It was impossible that any member who examined the whole of the evidence could be contented with stopping , where his right hon . friend recommended . At the same time , that he was ready to agree with the first Resolution submitted by his right hon . friend , he could not bring his mind to concur in his other inferences . He would acquit the Duke of York of personal corruption , but there were other and important points involved in the case under consideration , of which he could not acquit him . Other members , among whom were several of his friends , felt themselves in the same situation , and were of opinion that the house should come to a decision upon the whole of the case at once . In the course of proceeding , which he meant to propose , he was guided by the precedents of 1755 , and 1783 , which he had examined with the aid of his right hon . friend in the chair , whose advice and accuracy the house was well qualified to appreciate ; grounding himself upon those precedents , he protested against the attempt to subdivide the measure . He was ready to say , that he wished most anxiously this discussion had never arisen . For , however well inclined he was to give credit to the motives of every hon . member , his apprehension in this case was that the result would be rather more detrimental than beneficial . So far from appearing in the business as a volunteer , he could as-sure the house that his only object in standing forward was , that , as they had thought proper to engage in it , they should pursue that course which was best calculated to advance their own character , and to promote the ends of justice . He believed he could safely state , that no man entered into this inquiry in the first instance with more reluctance , or attended to its progress with more feeling , than he did . ( A cry of hear ! hear ! ) . But justice must be done . After all the house had heard of the dishonourable transactions , developed at the bar ; after the inquiry had gone so far , that it could not be interrupted ; after the house had gone into its disgusting details , and was thus forced to meet the question , it must come to some decision . It was his anxious hope , that it should do honour to itself by that decision . That no consideration should reconcile it to any line of conduct that could reflect disgrace upon its character 271 and consequence in the country . At all events , it was his resolution not to disgrace himself.—Into any particular examination of the evidence it was not his intention to enter . That examination had indeed been already so ably and luminously presented to the house by his right hon . friend , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , whose ability every one who heard him must admire , as to render it unnecessary for him to follow in the same track . Whatever difference of opinion might exist as to the justice of his conclusions , it would be admitted that he stated the evidence with fairness , although the impressions made upon his honourable mind were quite opposite to those which he and several other gentlemen entertained . The evidence applicable to the main points of the case had , also , been very ably and powerfully urged by another hon . gent . on the other side ( Mr. Whitbread ) . Therefore he felt it unnecessary for him to detain the house by any analysis of this nature . He should confine himself to the general results ,