. On the other side , was his hon . friend , Mr. Wardle , with his case . What then had a member of Parliament to do , with a view to the discharge of his duty , but to look to the evidence ? He had done so ; and the result was , he believed the Duke guilty to the full extent . He believed Mrs. Clarke , Miss Taylor , Mr. Dowler , and above all , the documents that proved Kennett 's case , and which gave a colour and key to the whole cause . There you saw into the Commander in Chiefs mind ; there you saw under what circumstances , and what persons he recommended to official stations . There you saw , that for a corrupt purpose , he went out of his own office to recommend 535 in another ; and what then should have restrained him in his own ? He laid great stress on the unrestrained communications the Duke made Mrs. Clarke of his own pecuniary distresses ; indeed no less than three persons are employed by her to raise money for him , Comrie , French , and Town . How then , can his royal highness plead there was any disguise of her distresses , or the means she took to relieve them ? particularly when in Kennett 's case , you see by what motives the Duke is induced to ask official stations , and for what persons . But , above all , we have his Letters ; if he could write thus , what restraint could have been expected in conversation ? It is in vain to look for it . Their communications were unrestrained , and the Commander in Chief forgot his dignity and his duly . This house can not save his character , but let them recollect they may lose their own . He fell himself induced to Speak on this subject to night , in consequence of what had fallen from the noble lord who had just sat down , as to the evidence of Mr. Dowler in particular . The noble lord had said , it was on his part , a conspiracy to aid and assist Mrs. Clarke in supporting the Charges brought forward against his royal highness . He ( Mr. Calcraft ) confessed he was astonished to hear the noble lord make such a charge.—A conspiracy ! it was impossible . Mr. Dowler was abroad in the service of his country when the Charges were first introduced , and did not of his own accord come back to England , but was actually sent home with dispatches . It was therefore impossible he could conspire to aid charges , of the existence of which he was ignorant , till his arrival in England . The hon . member then adverted to the Note on Tonyn 's business , which he deemed to be a damning proof against the Commander in Chief . He was also of opinion that Miss Taylor 's Evidence was clear and decisive against the Duke of York in the affair of French 's Levy . At that late hour he would not waste the time of the house by entering into any detail , of the Evidence , which had been so fully dilated on by several of his hon . and learned friends . There were , nevertheless , one or two points be would beg leave , as briefly as possible , to touch upon . The noble lord had said that the Duke of York had never participated with Mrs. Clarke in any pecuniary transactions . He ( Mr. Calcraft ) was decidedly of opinion , that such parti- 536 cipation had been proved . His royal highness had employed Mr. Connie , who was Mrs. Clarke 's solicitor , to negociate , and raise a Loan for him ; and for that purpose , referred him to his own man of business.—He had , without reserve , intrusted Mrs. Clarke with the disclosure of his distresses , and there was in his ( Mr. Calcraft 's )