of Y. certainly stated to me that he did not recollect to have written to Mrs. C. on any military matter whatever . He afterwards said that if he had ever written to Mrs. C. on any military matter whatever , it must have been in answer to some questions put in some letter of hers ; and h. r. h. said expressly that when she once stated something to him early in their acquaintance , respecting promotion in the army , he said that was a business he could not listen to , and he never heard more of it afterwards . '' Now , sir , what I have to submit is that there is not the least ground in this case , any more than in all the others , for the charge made by the noble lord ; but that the evidence I gave at first was an impression on my mind , a conclusion drawn by me , which was unfit to stand as evidence ; that the correction was as instantaneous as the nature of the thing would admit ; that it was perfectly correct in point of time and circumstance , and that the manner in which the evidence now stands , is the correct mode of giving testimony of this sort , namely , to give , as near as memory will serve , the expressions of the person whose declarations are the subject of inquiry . On these grounds I feel perfectly satisfied that I could not injustice either to the royal Duke , the house or myself , permit the evidence to stand in the shape in which I originally gave it . I trust , sir , I have now done enough to satisfy the house , and even to satisfy the noble lord , that my testimony in all the parts of it has been uniformly consistent , and that the observations made on it by the noble lord are without any foundations . Sir , it is most painful to me to have occupied so large a portion of the time of the house , at so late an hour , with a matter which , though important evidence in the cause , is yet so personal . I have felt much and deeply throughout the whole of this proceeding . It is impossible—it would have been unnatural for me , considering the situation in which I have so long stood 324 with the royal person accused , not to feel deeply interested in what relates to his fame , his honour , and his station . Sir , I hare besides had the feelings nearest and dearest to my heart torn by the representation of weekly journals , on a subject on which it would be unfit and offensive for me to detain the house ; yet I can not refrain from stating that it has been remarked in those publications that the backs of 1,000 men were exposed to the commander of a battalion—that the government of a corps should not be exposed to the heated passions of youth . From these general observations it is natural to conclude that the evils alluded to , namely , severity of punishment and irregularity of discipline , must have prevailed in the particular case in which the promotion is censured ; and thus the calumny is spread and gains belief , while I have it not in my power to shew that no corps in the service could boast of fewer corporal punishments than that in question , and that every means from the first entry of that officer to the command , has been directed with a view to promote regularity of behaviour and useful military pursuits , while there has never been any thing like severity of military discipline . But , sir , I have to beg pardon of the house for permitting myself to be led by the wounded feelings of a parent to this allusion , and I will now proceed to examine the question before us , I am anxious to do so with a mind as judicially framed as I