every thing for his use and amusement without it , he did not want money . Of what good could that be ? —Forty 193 years have since passed over the head of the Duke of Y. , and have they brought with them no additional information , and no experience ? It may be thought that he ought to have had some knowledge of the value of money , at the time he accepted the office of Commander in Chief . It is not an office , in which the pecuniary transactions are extensive , but such ignorance as the learned gentleman would attribute to the D. of Y. , is not consistent with a due performance of his duty . — From pecuniary embarrassment , he might have derived a salutary lesson . To say that he did not know the value of money is but a weak defence against the strong presumption created , by what is proved to have happened in Gloucester-place . When he sat down to the exquisite dinners , and saw the retinue of servants ; the carriages and horses , the lavish profusion in every way , and knew how slender were the means he contributed towards the expenditure , I think it absolutely impossible that his suspicions should not have been excited . When , amidst boundless waste , he heard perpetually of distress , when the applications of creditors were incessant , and he knew that he but rarely afforded any relief from their importunities ; —when things occasionally came to such a pass , that the woman he adored was compelled , in order to procure a temporary supply , to part with her jewels and other ornaments ; to divest herself of the dearest objects of her vanity , when these pledges were again redeemed : carriages , horses , expences of every description renewed ; unceasing clamour , no money ! yet the establishment not broken up ! Is it possible that under such glaring circumstances , the D. of Y. could be blind to the fact , that the recommendations she presented to him , were the sources whence she drew the means of continuing her wasteful but tottering establishment ? Had Mrs. C. applied only in favour of her relations , and known friends , his suspicions might have slept . Had she intreated him to promote a brother , that would have caused no alarm . If with a gentle rebuke at the application , and a request that it might not be repeated , the man had been promoted , I do not think much blame would have been imputable , and a meritorious person might have been placed in the army . But , when the D. of Y. saw , that applications were daily , and hourly , made on the behalf of persons with whom Mrs. C. had no family alliance , 194 for whom she could feel no warm interest , and with many of whom she could have no justifiable acquaintance , can it be believed , by any rational man , that he was not only ignorant , but unsuspicious of the existence of corruption ? Col. French ! Capt . Sandon ! were these the friends of Mrs. C. ? Perhaps , however , the proof of her interference , on their behalf , will not be admitted . But , gen. Clavering ! In whose case Mrs. C. has the confirmatory testimony of the D. of Y . What friendship , acquaintance , or connexion , could be supposed to exist between her and gen. Clavering ? The Duke must have known the tie between that officer , and his mistress , was to be the same as that , which connected her with the rest of the crowd of candidates for her favour . Gen. Clavering has told us that he offered Mrs. C. 1,000l . for her influence . Look at the character of the letter from Sandgate , of the 24th of August , on the subject of Clavering . Is there any surprize expressed ? does he rebuke her for her