apprehensive of any discovery . The correspondence afterwards with Mr. Kirkman takes place , and by a letter dated 14th of April , from gen. Whitelocke to col. Gordon , which must have reached the 15th , the conduct of the temporary serjeants in London , is represented as disgraceful . On the 16th of April , 1805 , h. r. h. writes to 337 the Secretary at War , that his Majesty had been pleased to approve of the discontinuance of the levy which he had recommended to his Majesty . It is contended that the manner in which h. r. h. expresses himself is so gentle , that it indicates a knowledge of the corrupt practices which existed between Mrs. C. and col. French . On this I have to observe , first , that the letter of h. r. h. contains impressions conformable to the letter on which he acted , secondly , that it seems most extraordinary that more should be required than the act of discontinuance ; that act constitutes the real substantial injury to French . The corps had been a most losing concern to him . he had paid a large sum to Mrs. C , and was left in debt to his agent . The continuance of the corps might have relieved him , the discontinuance ruined him . It was the act of discontinuance , therefore , that he must have felt : and it was that act , if the duke had been apprehensive of discovery , which he must have resisted and avoided ; yet he stopped the levy the very day after he received Whitelocke 's letter . The language , therefore , which he used to the Secretary at War in his official letter , could not operate as an alleviation in the mind of col. French for such an injury , and the mere fact that the Duke did discontinue the levy is of itself sufficient to shew that he did not act under any apprehension . But , sir , the whole tenor of the conduct of h. r. h. shews , that he had no apprehension for any discovery in any part of his conduct . When he separated from Mrs. C , when upon a full knowledge of her character from the written report which I conveyed to him , his mind was satisfied , he took his determination with a firmness , he suppressed his affection with a resolution quite inconsistent with the fear of discovery . When she attempted to renew the intercourse , he was equally firm in withstanding it . In the non-payment of the annuity there is again proof of his acting from motives which shewed no fear of a discovery of any knowledge , on his part , of her corrupt conduct . The same conclusion is to be drawn from the conduct of h. r. h. when I communicated to him her letters of June , 1808 , which contain a direct threat of discovery , and that it amounted to something serious . From the time that these letters were written , whatever might have been the wish , or inclination , respecting the annuity before that period , whatever might have been proper to have been 338 done in it , it became impossible for h. r. K to act otherwise than he did . He . shewed no inclination whatever , as I have stated in my evidence , to give way to that threat , and no fear or apprehension of any thing that she could communicate . The royal Duke certainly never shewed any inclination by acting the unbecoming part of compromise , or settlement , in consequence of that threat . And h. r. h. , I trust , knew me too well to suppose that I would have been the agent in such a transaction , if he had been so inclined . On the whole I can not help being clearly of opinion , that there was nothing in the Duke 's general conduct which denoted a fear of discovery ; and , in the particular instance of