he had transgressed the strict laws of moral obligation ? In this case they might institute an enquiry against every public man , and attempt to displace every minister on the ground of his immorality . It was only his public character , however , he believed , that they were called on to consider , with respect to a public man , and whether he had performed the duties reposed in him as a public character , that they had to enquire.—If any charges brought against a man in his public situation are proved to be inconsistent with those duties he owed to the public , and to disqualify him for his public and official situation , the charges then became of most grave and serious importance , and were matter of investigation and enquiry for the house ; but if the charges were 401 merely of a moral nature , and did not affect the public character of the person accused , that house , he contended , had no right to interfere . The D. of Y. might be allowed to have acted immorally ; but unless it could be proved that he had acted criminally in his public situation , the house could not plead a right to bring him to an account . If the D. of Y. was not convicted of having been guilty of any breach of his public duty , they could not pretend to displace him on the ground of any private immoralities , as any member of the house might , in that case , be with equal propriety expelled , as the D. of Y. removed from his office on such grounds . Though he acquitted the D. of Y. of all corrupt practices in his public capacity , he did not pretend to deny that he might have permitted Mrs. C. to speak and write to him on military subjects . ( A loud cry of Hear ! hear ! ) —He would admit this , he said , against the Duke , but at the same time he denied that any improper result had taken place in consequence of that permission . H. r. h. permitted Mrs. C. to write to him on these subjects , but was not at all guided in his public conduct by such applications made on her part . No such circumstance had as yet been brought home to h. r. h. , and it was necessary not only to prove that Mrs. C. had been permitted to speak and write on such subjects , but that certain results had taken place in consequence of such a permission . It was evident that gen. Clavering had not succeeded in his application ; and major Touyn had been so long unsuccessful , that he was on the point at last of withdrawing his deposit . And , as had been stated by his right hon . friend ( the Secretary at War ) was actually a major many days before she knew any thing about it ; even at the very time when she was threatening that his promotion should be stopped It appeared , however , that Mrs. C. had always a pretext in case of her promises proving ineffectual , and that in the several cases in which she interested herself , she always particularly enquired into the interest and circumstances of the person applying to her . This appeared particularly in the case of gen. Clavering , of whose circumstances she had gained so much information , that she found means of applying to the humanity and feelings of h. r. h. , and learned as much as enabled her to operate on his good nature . Was not this a proof that she believed that her influence—that her application alone 402 was not sufficient , and that other circumstances were necessary to have any effect upon h. r. h. ? Had her influence been sufficient alone , or had an assurance of her being to receive money been deemed sufficient , would she have taken so much pains to ascertain what were the circumstances that might most likely give