proved favourable , than the Commander in Chief recommended the exchange , and it was fully completed , with all practicable expedition , in the regular course . All this was proved by the Duke 's secretary , col. Gordon , a gentleman of the highest honour and integrity ; and his memory , his exactness , his method and regularity , and his readiness in the product on of official papers , were certainly such as seem to excite general admiration . The charge , however , is , that 20Ol . had been given as a bribe to Mrs. C. , with the Duke 's knowledge , to accelerate the exchange . That the bribe was given , can not be doubted , for it is proved by Mr. Knight , who gave it , the brother of the colonel ; but where is the 33 evidence to fix the slightest knowledge or suspicion on the Commander in Chief , beyond the mere assertion of Mrs. C. ? It was indeed asserted by her , that he procured the bank-note itself to be changed for her , on the night of his setting out for Weymouth , by one of his own servants . This attempt was made through the intervention of that famous witness , Mrs. Favery . Ludowick , the only servant of the Duke who ever attended at Mrs. C. 's , never got change for that note , or any other ; nor ever saw , at her house , any transaction of the kind , except once , a small note , he believes about ten pounds , delivered by Mrs. Favery to a servant girl , to get changed , and that was in a morning . This attempt proving abortive , the next experiment was through Pearson , her own butler : but he , when first called , had no recollection of any similar transaction , but merely of some note , the amount unknown , given by Favery to Ludowick to get changed , about eight o'clock in a morning , some days before the going to Weymouth— a mistake altogether ; and if not so , entirely inapplicable to the note in question , and inconsistent with Mrs. C. 's story . However , on his second examination , after an interview with Mr. Wardle , his recollection was refreshed . His former loss of memory was attributed to a convenient head-ache ; and he then remembered , that not Ludowick , but he himself , was the person who changed the note ; not with the wine-merchant , as had been said by Mrs. C. , but with the confectioner ; and that he presently delivered the change to his mistress , who immediately put it into the hands of his r. h. : but whether it was 100l . or any other sum , he left in uncertainty ; nor is there any thing to prove , Mrs. C. 's word always excepted , that the note so changed was either the whole or any part of what had been received from Mr. Knight , much less that the Duke knew it to be so . Did she not receive numberless notes from the D. of Y. personally as well as under cover , by the hands of Ludowick ? Why should it not be presumed to be one of these , when there is not a tittle of evidence against it ? What is there to particularize this , as the note-received from Mr. Knight ? Was there even so much as a wink , or a nod , or a significant gesture , to indicate that it was so ? No , no one whatever , except Mrs. C. , had fixed upon the Duke the slightest knowledge of any corrupt bargain . As to the exchange being in fact accelerated through 34 the influence of Mrs. C. , the impossibility of it is proved out of her own mouth for though it be true that that meddling physician , Dr. T. , can not precisely fix the time of his first application to