speech of 162 the right hon . gent . calculated to work upon our passions . It is that in which he hinted at the practical inconvenience of removing the D. of Y. from the office of Commander in Chief.—He tells us that if the D. of Y. is removed , a species of military interregnum will be created ; and we are bid to recollect , there is none other who can supply his place.—Sir , I hope we have men who can supply his place.—I hope we have many officers fit to succeed the D. of Y.—We are told in an animated enumeration of the services rendered by the D. of Y. to the army , to recollect whom it is we are proposing to remove . His attentive regard 10 the interests of the officer , and to the comfort of the soldier ; the establishment of charitable institutions under his auspices , for the support and protection of the widows and orphans of those who have fallen in the service of their country , are pathetically displayed before us . The political inconvenience of having any but a member of the royal family in this high situation , whom the different changes of administration do not affect , and who , therefore , can not be induced to sacrifice the interests of the army to party purposes , is artfully stated . Above all , we are reminded , that in voting for his removal , we vote for the degradation of a -member of the royal family : and we are told of our deep interest in upholding the character of every descendant from the throne . Sir , I am not now disposed to question the truth of the panegyric bestowed upon the Commander in Chief : the usefulness of his regulations in the army ; the claim he has upon the gratitude of the officer , and the affection of the soldier or his pure administration of the patronage of the profession , as fat-as relates to politics . But these merits can not avail him against his own acts ; and must not be allowed to influence our determination in opposition to that which has been proved . I wish to uphold the character of the royal family , and should have been glad to prevent the degradation of the D. of Y. ; but to attempt the latter would be vain , he has made it impossible . Moreover , I am compelled to say , that to me there appear the strongest objections to the placing any member of the royal family in a responsible employment . Such are the salutary prejudices of mankind , that it is impossible for us to treat this royal personage as we would do any other public servant . Such is the fascination of Royalty ! see 163 how its magic shield is thrown over the D. of Y. ! Put out of the question for a moment the charge of connivance at corruption . Does any man think that if a tenth part of those things which by universal consent have been brought home to the D. of Y. , and which the right . hon . gent . has proposed to the house to censure , had been proved upon any other subject , filling the same office , he could have retained his situation for a single hour ? Would it have been endured , that any person except one of the blood royal should have remained Commander in Chief of the military force of the United Kingdom , for a moment , after the disclosure of only a few of the facts , which have been unhappily proved at your bar ? Sir the state must not he left without remedy for the evils which , unredressed , would lead to its destruction . If the delinquencies of the Commander in Chief can not be punished , for fear of degrading the D. of Y. , I deem it a matter of deep regret that he was ever appointed to that office ; and a conclusive argument is afforded to