, he could not but think , that what she had asserted ought to be put wholly out of their consideration . In his opinion , there was not one of the cases that had been adduced in which Mrs. C. had not directly contradicted herself . The hon . gentlemen on the other side maintained two opinions , either that the D. of Y. had himself been guilty of corrupt practices , or that the circumstances were so glaring , that it was impossible but he must have suspected their existence in others . Both these positions he completely denied , and he trusted that the house would be persuaded his denial was not founded on light grounds . To shew that it was not so , he would enter into an examination of the various cases that had been brought forward . And first with respect to that of the exchange between col. Brooke and col. Knight . It was evident , in this instance , that Mrs. C 's object was to procure money , by pretending that the gazetting of that exchange was ascribable to her influence alone . But she had evinced an ignorance of the usual course of such proceedings , which in his mind was the strongest proof that the communications between her and h. r. h. on military subjects was far from being as unreserved as she pretended . Mrs. C. observed , that she had made the application to the D. of Y. two or three days before the exchange was notified in the Gazette . Now , it was well known to those who were conversant with the details of military office , that a much longer time must elapse after the approbation of the Commander in Chief was expressed of any transaction of that nature before it could be so declared to the public . This ignorance on the part of Mrs. C was by no means reconcilable with the profession , that she possessed that undue influence over h. r. h. which had been described to her ; for , in that case , would she not have made it her business to render herself perfectly conversant in all those forms and details of office by which her objects would have been forwarded ? He took this opportunity , as he was speaking of official business , to defend col. Gordon from the imputation of want of candour , which had been thrown upon him from the opposite side of the house ; and 362 explained , in a very satisfactory manner , the evidence which col. Gordon gave at the Bar , with respect to the usual course of military exchanges and promotions . Proceeding with his consideration of the cases which had been investigated , he adverted next to that of col. French 's levy . It had been erroneously declared that the expence of that levy had been enormous , amounting to near 150l . a man ; but the papers on the table undeniably proved that the expence was only something more than 40l . a man . Entering into an explanation of * this transaction , he shewed that it was conformable to the usual practice ; and that the permission which col. French obtained resulted from pure motives on the part of h. r. h. He himself fully recollected a conversation on this very levy , and he was persuaded that h. r. h. the Commander in Chief had acceded to it because he thought it an advantageous bargain for the public . The very stopping of the levy was a convincing proof that Mrs. C. did not possess the influence to which she pretended ; for it was her interest that it should be continued , if , as she stated , she was to receive a guinea for every man that was raised . Every circumstance afforded proof of the absence of communication between the D. of Y. and Mrs. C. on military matters ; and none more so than the promotion of major Tonyn . That promotion actually took place on the 9th of August , but was not