us , that although he had positively denied ever having had any communication whatever with Mrs. Clarke on the subject of military promotions , his memory is refreshed , and he suddenly recollects , that lie had had some such communication . But , says he , I did not understand you . I thought personal communications were meant , which by the bye , as I shall afterwards shew , even if it could be believed , would not greatly improve his case . Upon this readiness to correct the mistake , the hon . baronet places great reliance ; as if the voluntary correction of the mistake was a mere gratuitous act of the General . Why , Sir , has any man been so wild as to have supposed , that , if the General bad omitted to tender this voluntary explanation , he would , or could have escaped the notice of this house r No , Sir ; the contrast between the oral testimony and the letters of general Clavering , was too striking to have been passed over in silence ; justice , and the dignity of the commons of England , demanded reparation ; and I must insist , that it the Whole of the testimony of general Clavering had been received at one examination , it would have been impossible for the house to have hesitated in committing him instantly to Newgate . The offence of general Clavering could not by any possibility of reasoning have been deemed inferior to that of caplain Sandon . And here ii is observable , that although the consideration of the question of the prevarication of general Clavering was adjourned , because members were naturally supposed not to have the first examination in such full recollection as if it had been given at the same time with the second , I confess it appears to me , on reflection , that the culpability was greatly increased by the length of time which had elapsed between the first examination and the discovery of the epistolary communication : for there was an interval in which a man might surely have recollected the existence of such a correspondence , which , in the agitation of a personal examination , might , by possibility , have not been recollected . The hon . bart . has , and I am sure from the most honourable and worthy motives , very strongly urged a variety of reasons in extenuation of the offence committed by the General . And 784 being himself convinced that he was innocent of intentional prevarication , the hon . baronet has said that he believes the time will come when the country will do justice to gen. Clavering . Sir , I hope that the period will also arrive when the country will do justice to the proceedings of this house ; and that as long as they can be read , it will be thought by the public and by posterity that we could not , consistently with justice and our own dignity , come to any other decision than that which I am persuaded the house will come to by their vote this night . It has been said , Sir , that gen. Clavering was not so capable of contending with lawyers in an examination as another man ; that he has passed his life in camps , and amidst military transactions , where examinations are so summary as to exclude that endless variety of interrogatories to which he was exposed ; in short , that military habits incapacitated him from undergoing a civil examination , for that is the true extent of the argument . Sir , I have , since I came into the house this evening , seen a printed paper , in which these futile arguments are confidently urged , with a view to shew that the apparent prevarication of gen. Clavering arose from his incapacity . Amongst other reasons it is urged , that he did not expect to be examined beyond a certain point . Why , Sir , if a witness knew precisely to what point he