and compare evidence , and are as fully capable of forming a correct judgment , as you are . What danger , then , can arise from a certain degree of deference or attention to the opinion of the public on a case in which they have the whole of the evidence before them— and in which it is not possible that we can possess any superior information on the facts which are the ground and foundation of our decision ? That the patience of the house , after the succession of so many exhausting debates , should be almost worn out , does not surprise me . I beg pardon of the house for detaining them so long , and will now very shortly conclude . On the subject of our not deferring to popular clamour , I trust that the decision of this house will not be in opposition to the general sentiment of the public ; for it were vain to expect its sanction of our proceedings , if they are contrary to the good sense of the people . Sir , although I despise that which can be correctly termed popular clamour , and am resolved that my conduct shall never be influenced by any such principle —and that I never will suffer it to interfere with my judgment—I can not but express to this house my opinion , that there never was a period in which it is so material to the peace and happiness of this country , that the house of commons should be deemed to do that which is right in the eyes of the nation on this important occasion . The confidence of the people in the house of commons is imperiously necessary—but there is yet one thing more—and that of no inferior importance—that the people should think us honest , and that we should really be so . The question was then loudly called for , and the strangers were ordered to withdraw . While the Noes were in the lobby , Mr. Perceval addressed them . He observed , that it was likely there might be several divisions to night . The first merely regarded the form of proceeding . The second would dispose of Mr. Wardle 's Address . If it should be negatived , he should then move the second of his Resolutions , having waved the first . The effect of this Resolution would be , to declare the opinion of the 639 house on the innocence of the Duke of York . Having succeeded in it , he should move that the farther proceedings be adjourned till Friday . He begged , however , that gentlemen would not leave the house , as it was desirable that the main question should be carried this night , and he suspected there might be several divisions . adverted to what had been said on a former day by a noble lord ( Moira ) , respecting a letter referred to in a dispatch from lord Castlereagh to sir Arthur Wellesley , dated the 15th of July , which purported to be an Instruction to sir Hew Dalrymple , to pledge the British government to assist the Junta of Seville with 10,000 men , and observed , that there appeared to have been a mistake in the date referred to as the date of the letter to sir Hew Dalrymple , namely , the 6th of July ; but he had found the paper , which he conceived was referred to , and therefore laid it on the table . was satisfied that the paper produced was that which was meant . —The paper was ordered to be printed . gave notice , that he should move to-morrow se'nnight for the production of the Letters from Mr. Frere to sir John Moore , which he conceived to be of considerable importance , with a view to that full information which it was necessary the house should have before them . He should therefore move that the lords be summoned for that day . There was another subject which demanded the most serious consideration of their lordships , and