of my name in particular , for the future never breathe it . I am confident you have a number of enemies ; yesterday , the— '' ( Duke of course ) `` was assailed from seven 134 or eight different persons , with invective against you ; he is a little angry at something , yet will not tell it me . I think this fellow , Kennett , tries his friends—they laid fine complaints against you : —Did you tell Zemminees , that as soon as Tonyn was gazetted , you would get him done in the same way , and that I was the person ? — Let me see you on Monday . Adieu ; I am interrupted . '' Here is another occasion in which she cautions capt . Sandon not to mention her name : she apprizes him that something has occurred , which makes it a matter of delicacy ; she fears to be implicated , she knows not what it is the Duke has learnt , but she fears that Sandon may have said something about her interference for Zemminees , and for Tonyn ; she requests him to be particularly cautious of mentioning her name—in strong earnest terms , `` never to breathe it , '' —that no opportunity may be afforded of giving encouragement to the belief of any thing that may be stated concerning them . These are some of the observations which , seem to me to be material , and to arise fairly out of these letters.—There are unquestionably many more . I shall not trouble the house by going through the whole of them : I am so sensible of the extreme length at which I have occupied the attention of the house , that I do not think I should be justified in doing more than noticing those letters , which appear to me the most important . There are some few , certainly , of that description . One letter , to which I would particularly desire their attention , will be found directed to capt . Sandon ; it is in 'these terms : — '' My dear sir , I am vexed to death , you well know the state of my finances—I hit upon Spedding for Tuesday , when , behold , the regiment he is in did their exercise so bad , that the Duke swore at them very much , and has stopped the promotion of every one in it . '' Now , that is not the fact , for col. Gordon , in his evidence , says , that their promotions were not stopped , and the gazettes are produced which shew that their promotions were actually going on at the time . This then is a false fact communicated by Mrs. C. to capt . Sandon , for the purpose of making some impression or other , with a view to her design ; probably , having made some undertaking with Spedding , which she found would not be accomplished , she invented this circumstance to serve as an apology for her failure . Here then follows , in the same letter , a passage for which I can- 135 not account : — '' He said so much to the colonel ( Wemyss I think ) , that if he had been a gentleman he would have given up : but he intends looking over the memorial to-day , as S. has not been long in that regiment , and he is an old officer ; so that you see , if he gets his promotion , how very much he ought to be indebted to my good offices . I must beg hard for him . The Duke is very angry with you , for when he last saw you , you promised him 300 foreigners , and you have not produced one . O yes , Master Sandon is a pretty fellow to depend on . I wish I had it upon Eustace first . I told you , I believe , that they must be done gradually , his clerks are so