cunning . Get Spedding to write out a list of his service , and send it to me , as a private thing to shew him , not addressed to any one . '' From the circumstance which is mentioned of the 3C0 foreigners , it is inferred that h. r. h. gave authority to raise German levies . There is no document in the office of col. Gordon , that brings to light any thing upon the subject ; there is no proof , nothing in the evidence , nothing that shews there was any authority given for raising such levies . Therefore , what this means I am at a loss to guess : we hare nothing before us that throws the least light upon it . The house , however , can not conclude that Mrs. C. had issued letters of service , and that it was under the authority of Mrs. C. , the 300 foreigners were to be raised ; and I can not , therefore , see how this circumstance of the supposed foreign levy can bear upon the case , one way or the other . As to capt . Spedding , we hear still more of him . There is this passage in a subsequent letter , `` Dear sir , pray what can Spedding mean by asking on Thursday through gen. Tonyn for leave to go upon half-pay , 't is odd behaviour , and you must think that some one thinks me used very ill.—Of course , till this is fully explained , I shall drop all thoughts of any thing else . `` —With respect to capt . Spedding , it will be found that he had been making an application for promotion ; that sir A. Clarke had been referred to , and that it appeared sir Alured knew nothing of him.—Application is afterwards made , through gen. Tonyn , that he may be permitted to go on half-pay ; and then Mrs. C. complained of Spedding going to gen. Tonyn , to procure his assistance in effecting that which she thought ought to have been done through her , and affects to represent the Duke ( for she must mean h. 136 r. h. , by the certain person ) as thinking her used very ill upon the occasion ; which had it been true , as she would have had it believed , would have led to the disappointment of capt . Spedding in the application which so displeased him . How is the fact ? He does succeed in that application which he made through gen. Tonyn ; he failed in those which he made through her . There is another letter , in the same parcel , written by Mrs. C , in which , speaking of capt . Spedding , she says , `` he must advance 200l . more . `` —It is evident , front all these circumstances , that she was anxious to procure the promotion of capt . Spedding ; that if her application succeeded , she would have had the benefit of putting that 200l . in her pocket ; and her want of success is a convincing proof , that she did not possess the influence she pretended . It is not , that there was any insurmountable objection to capt . Spedding ; he does succeed in one of his objects , but it is only when he applies through another quarter ; and his success , when he succeeded , can not be referred to Mrs. C. ; though his failure , when he failed , would certainly not have occurred , if she could have prevented it . The important result , therefore , of this case of capt . Spedding , is this : it exhibits Mrs. C , in the first place , inventing and representing a false fact , respecting the stoppage of promotion in his regiment , as the reason why she could not procure him the promotion , which she had given him reason to expect . Whether she ever made any application to the Duke about him ,