mind . No man would say that the Duke of York recollected the letters which had been produced . This was likely enough to arise from that looseness of mind , of acting , and of feeling , which appeared in the conduct of his royal highness . It had been said that the whole was a plot ; but he must say , that there appeared nothing in the evidence to shew any trace or feature of such a plot . Most of the witnesses were upon bad terms with Mrs. Clarke , and yet their testimony corroborated her statements . Her evidence was also supported by the documents which had been produced , though at the time of giving her testimony she could have had no idea of their being in existence . Besides , both Dowler and Sandon , whom she could not have expected to attend to confirm her testimony , arrived suddenly and unexpectedly from the Continent , and corroborated her statements by their testimony ; but particularly the production of the notes which had been written , at the time of the transaction , and of the existence of which she was not aware , most strongly confirmed her evidence ; and all these considerations , 589 taken together , had the effect of doing away all idea of a plot . He was ready in a great degree to admit the force of the argument which was founded on the choice which the Duke made of the persons immediately about him , such as colonels Gordon , Brownrigg , Calvert , and others . He admired the conduct of colonel Gordon when he was first examined about the mysterious Note . He shewed at that time the greatest dignity , simplicity , and determination to do his duty ; and upon an occasion which shewed the utmost triumph of principle and honour , he conducted himself with the same ease as if it were one of the ordinary transactions of his life . He regretted , however , that when the Duke of York placed about him men of such honour , he had not requested them to watch , and give him notice of any abuses which might occur of the nature of those which were now laid to his charge . Although he could entertain no doubt of the truth of the testimony of so many high military characters , with respect to the attention which his royal highness paid to the duties of his office , yet he thought , that one of those high authorities ( Sir Arthur Wellesly ) , had gone a great deal too far , when he thought that the thanks which were paid to those who won the battle of Vimiera were due to the Commander in Chief for giving them such an army . The cause of that victory was not merely owing to the measures of the Commander in Chief , or any other individual . It was owing to the soldiers of every class who participated in that victory . The soldiers of this country were men of strong bodies and independent minds . This independence of sentiment they derived from being possessed of equal laws , and from the benefits of the British Constitution , that gave a peculiar character of manliness and freedom to every class of the community . Its principles pervaded all ranks , and of its good effects it might be said , `` Magno se corpore miscet . '' He could not avoid thinking , that if the house were to pass a Resolution which altogether avoided the question of corruption , it would be generally supposed by the public , that such silence proceeded merely from political motives . He thought the house should not appear to shrink from the constitutional duty which they had now to perform , and he , for his part , felt himself bound to vote for the motion of his hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) , as coinciding most with his views and feelings . He certainly did , in his mind , 590 acquit the