, make the expenditure of the D. of Y. , during his connection with Mrs. C , amount 142 to about 20,000l . ; though the actual advances of money are not accounted for to a greater amount than 5,000l . in the two years and a halt ; and this nearly tallies with the authorised statement which I made to the house . These , sir , are the facts ; and what is the inference that the hon . gent . would draw from them ? That h. r. h. , knowing the expensive nature of the establishment in Gloucester-place , must have known that it could not be defrayed by what he advanced , and therefore , that it was supported by the corrupt means which Mrs. C. mentions ; that he must have been conscious that he was supplying that establishment , with means very scanty , and extremely inadequate . Mrs. C. tells you , that in one instance , when her necessities obliged her to apply to the Duke , he referred her to her ingenuity , telling her that `` if she was clever she need never want money . '' Does it not occur to the house , how inconsistent the evidence of Mrs. C. herself is upon this very point ? Docs Mrs. C. ever insinuate that he answered her subsequent applications by such a reference ? Does it not on the contrary appear , that she was monthly , weekly , daily , pressing him over and over again for money , and , according to her statement , pressing him in vain ? If her evidence is entitled to the least credit , what would have been the reply of the D. of Y. to her applications ? `` You surely do not come to me for money : you are under no necessity of applying to me for that which I have told you I have not the means of giving you : you have only to come to me for commissions , by the sale of which , you will be enabled to have an ample supply . '' Such , if Mrs. C. 's evidence were true , would have been the language of the D. of Y. ; such would have been the terms in which he would have answered any application from her for money . There are no less than 4,000 military commissions , of various descriptions , that pass through his office , on an average , in the year . During the time she was with him , there must have passed about 10,000 . Could she , if she had possessed his authority to make money by her cleverness out of these commissions , have ever been id want of 100l . or even of 1,000l. ? Impossible t Her distress , her debts , her repeated applications to the Duke for money ; his supplying her with one or two hundred pounds only , at a time ; his referring her to the prospect of a new arrangement , —are all , to my mind , and I am confident they must be so to 143 every man who will view them fairly and candidly , decisive proofs , that h. r. h. never sanctioned or authorised , or connived at , these transactions . And this inadequacy of h. r. h. 's allowance to her establishment , coupled with her repeated applications to him for money , so far from affording an inference against the D. of Y. is strong and conclusive for him . There certainly does appear to have been , on the part of h. r. h. , an indifference with regard to his pecuniary Concerns . There was a backwardness to look into his accounts , which generally is the case with persons whose accounts are in such a state , that it is unpleasant to look at them ; but there is nothing which furnishes the slightest ground for charging the D. of Y. with any knowledge or suspicion that Mrs. C. was supplying any part of her extravagance from these corrupt sources