to be fit to be referred to the decision of some less summary tribunal . All the general reasoning therefore of my honourable friend , which does not apply itself to the specific allegations of the charge , all his exhortations and adjurations to come to a right vote upon this question , 596 are lost upon me : not because I differ from him in sentiment and feeling upon many points of this case , but because I do not think it , as he appears to do , altogether a question of sentiment and of feeling ; because I do not think with him that we are to look to impression and effect out of door , but to substantial justice . My honourable friend may think me very absurd and self-willed for not seeing things in the same light with him . But once aware of this radical difference in our original view of the subject , he has no right to be angry with me for not coming to the same conclusion with himself . Thus , when my hon . friend asks `` Will there not rest a foul scandal and shame upon the house of Commons , if , as moral men , we do not come to a decision which will disgrace the Commander in Chief , for those scenes of immorality and indecorum which this disgusting investigation has unveiled to us ? `` —I answer , that I feel , as sincerely as my hon . friend , what is due to considerations of morality . There is no difference between us as to the principle . But I do not think , with my hon . friend , that it is upon that principle that we are now called upon to act ; and I may perhaps doubt , a little more than he does , how far it has been the province of this house to enter into considerations of this kind , or how far it would be beneficial that we should now assume that province for the first time . When I state this , however , as my humble opinion , do not let my hon . friend suppose that I am therefore less sensible than himself of the value of those great principles of morals upon which the preservation of civilised society depends , by which the moral order of the world is held together ; or that I do not consider a neglect of the precepts of religion , and an habitual laxity of private conduct , as having a tendency to sap the foundations of a state . My opinion merely is , that no practical advantage can result from our entering here into the consideration of these subjects . I doubt whether the precepts of religion or morality are to be best inculcated by the votes of the house of Commons . Our censorial jurisdiction appears to me to apply almost exclusively to actions prejudicial to the state in a political point of view . As such , the conduct of the Commander in Chief , or any other public officer , is a proper subject for the animadversion of the house of Commons . But I must persist , even after all that I have heard from my hon . friend , in doubt- 597 ing the advantage , perhaps I might even say in apprehending the danger , which would arise from our diverting our inquisitorial powers into this new channel : and I must at all events warn the house against the injustice of doing so , in the way which my hon . friend now recommends ; against escaping from the difficulty of a decision upon points of fact , into a general declaration of principles of morality . Is the Commander in Chief guilty of the practical political misconduct , of the malversation in office , laid to his charge ? If he be , say so . That is the duty and the undoubted function of the house of Commons . Is he innocent of this political crime ? If he be , you are bound to