was doing that which was likely to be in the least detrimental to the service , either when major Tonya 's business was likely to be gazetted , whether col. French 's levy was to go on , or any other circumstance of a similar nature in point of importance , which she might wish to communicate to those whom she meant thereby to deceive ? Permit me now , Sir , to collect all the circumstances of her story , and to examine 68 what it is , as we have it from herself , and from the other evidence before us . She represents herself as having lived under the protection of h. r. h. ; that he prepared a house , and set up an expensive establishment for her in Gloucester-Place : so expensive , that he was not able , without these criminal practices , to provide her with the means of supporting it ; that he gave her to understand she might raise money by the sale of commissions , only regulating her conduct by an ordinary attention to prudence , in her manner of doing it ; that she did dispose , for money , of military promotions to a very considerable extent , with his assistance ; that he afterwards discarded her , and engaged to settle upon her an annuity of 400l. , which annuity he subsequently withheld ; that she was irritated by his desertion , of her ; that she threatened to expose him if he did not comply with her terms ; and finally , that she has brought him here for the purpose of exposing him . This is the story which is before us , most of it from herself , the rest unquestionably proved by her own letters , and by other witnesses . The story does not tell very well for herself , and does not sound very probable ; it exhibits her as a woman of very immoral and impure character , who , having been connected with his royal person , and having been a participater with him to the extent she tells us , in all the crimes with which she charges him , was discarded by him for no reason ! Her pension was withheld from her on no just grounds ! Does this appear probable upon the face of it , nay , I had almost said , does it appear possible ? Is it possible to suppose , that for no sufficient offence on her part , for no other cause than what may be attributed possibly to mere caprice , he should have dismissed her from his affections and society ; that he should have settled an annuity upon her which he afterwards did not pay , and that he should have turned her off in a manner so naturally calculated to excite her utmost resentment , if she had all those transactions to disclose , and possessed the means of exposing him to the infamy that belongs to their disclosure ? —Yet , sir , all this improbability we must believe , and we must believe it upon the evidence of Mrs. Clarke , or we can not be of opinion that h. r. h. is guilty . An accomplice sometimes is , or appears to be , actuated by a sense of remorse for the crime which he has committed , and 69 disposed to make what atonement he can by his evidence for the crime which he confesses and detects : but Mrs. C. comes here as no penitent ; she is not inspired by any public feelings which might justifiably have actuated her to disclose to public justice , scenes such as those she has described ; on the contrary , urged by sentiments of rancour , hatred , resentment , and malice ; with no other object than to disgrace h. r. h. ; at the expence even of herself , she diseloses a scene of corrupt practices , which it evidently appears she has continued to carry on to the present day ( and for this part of her evidence we have