a man in that house who did not wish from his soul they would not be proved , but now , after the evidence has been gone through , how few are there present , who could from his conscience say with the learned and hon . gent. , that in that evidence there were no grounds for those charges.—The first case of Knight I shall not argue farther , than 47 to shew the opinion which must have prevailed before the party would have been inclined to have sacrificed 200l . for Mrs. C 's influence . As to Mrs. C 's evidence , it is not very relevant to my view of it , I shall not therefore contend whether she has been guilty in twenty or any number of prevarications ; but I must observe , if the house expect to find consistence and probity in witnesses , who have been engaged in such nefarious transactions , must have lost sight of all principle of honour and honesty , it would be miserably deceived . But were the house to establish as a principle , that no information should be received from those who stood suspected , and who , to excuse themselves , should fly to every subterfuge , corruption might proceed fearlessly . I most heartily concur in the honourable sentiment expressed by the learned gent. , in favour of the hon . member who brought this forward . The situation of an informer was not enviable to a man of honourable feelings , as the accuser was represented to be , and it must have been a painful task to mix with persons engaged in practices so very disgraceful.—I have listened with great surprise to the arguments of the learned gent . upon the second case ( col. French 's levy ) and what was my astonishment to find , the main and principal jet of the question entirely overlooked . The hon . member can find no guilt , nothing to raise suspicion—how was it possible for him to overlook gen. Taylor 's letter , who stated roundly , that every man raised by col. French cost . the country 150l . That this had been reported and known to h. r- h. the Commander-in-Chief for five months , and no steps taken upon it ; why so overlooked ? Two hundred men in nine months ! could h. r. h. have been deceived on this point ? —was it all a mistake on his part , owing to a deficiency of education , to his not having been taught to count , as the learned gent , seemed so gravely to deplore ? The learned gent asked , would they have foregone the profit of a guinea a man , by putting an end to this levy , if h. r. h. had actually been a participator in the profit ? I reply to that , it was impossible after the representation of gen. Taylor in Ireland , and the general in England , to continue , and what but a supineness or indifference the most culpable , could have induced h. r. h. to have suffered this to have slept ! Does there exist a parallel case ? what but a corrupt motive , or a disregard of public 48 duty , can account for such conduct ? This transaction would alone justify the removal of h. r. h. What is the conduct of h. r. h. when at best he does act ? —He dismisses col. French and capt . Sandon with a civility that justifies every suspicion : he either did not believe the guilt , or he felt he durst not explore it . The learned gent , had , indeed , set up a defence for h. r. h. , that it was found impracticable to teach him the value of money . If this be the fact , sir , I want no stronger argument to justify me in stating , he ought not to be employed in any official situation : finance was the sole and main spring of government , and that ultimately every