the original mover of these proceedings , thought it his duty to propose an Address to his majesty , which 715 went at once to implicate this illustrious personage in the most criminal point of view ; to this Address was proposed an amendment , and afterwards the same right hon . gent . who proposed the amendment , thought proper that a Resolution , Aye or No , should be submitted to the consideration of the house , whether there was or was not proof of . corruption or connivance on the part of his royal highness ? In the Amendment first proposed to the Address , it went on further , addressing his majesty , saying , that his majesty 's faithful commons felt with the greatest regret and concern , that a connexion should have subsisted which had thus exposed his royal highness 's character to public calumny ; it also expressed a confidence , on the part of this house , that his royal highness would keep in view his majesty 's most exemplary conduct , thereby , Sir , drawing a comparison on that occasion . I was therefore led during the discussion to meditate upon these proceedings , and to turn my mind upon the whole course of this most important debate . Looking at the whole of the question which had thus come under our serious consideration , I was of opinion the house should come to a decision , and I was the more induced to think the house ought to adopt such a line of duty , on the present occasion , that they ought to insert such a decision on their Journals , as would contain both example and admonition , because the Resolutions , by way of amendment , proposed by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , amounted to no more than a disposal of the question of corruption and criminal connivance . They had no further merit attached to them , but went directly to sponge over every other consideration arising out of the subject ; and , what is still another objection , in addition to those which I have already stated , was that of drawing an improper comparison between the example manifested by this illustrious personage , and the eminent virtues which so splendidly adorn the wearer of the crown . I still continue , as I have already said , to think those grounds for my calling upon the house to come to a direct decision on the whole of the proceedings now before us , are not in the least removed ; and I conceive it my duty , even since the intervention of what has been communicated , to place on the table some proposition , which , although it does away the charge and imputation of any corruption , does not wipe away every 716 thing else that calls forth our serious attention amidst the whole of the evidence adduced before us , to support the accusation . In doing this , Sir , I am peruaded I shall be found only to act in compliance with the general feelings of the house . If it be considered how this subject was first of all taken up by me , and in that precise view which I have thought proper to explain , and to take up a considerable portion of time in detailing before the house , it will not be deemed extraordinary when I declare the resignation of his royal highness does not make any change with respect to my intended proposition . I certainly do not acquiesce in any opinion which may have been delivered by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , or any other member , which should preclude observations upon what is brought at this time before our determination . If any inference should be drawn , which might tend to induce the house to come to any other result upon the conduct of his royal highness than that proposed by the original charges , the house having come to a certain determination , would have exhibited the propriety of removal ,