grounds for charging personal corruption upon his royal highness . It had been his intention , if he could have obtained a hearing earlier , to have proposed as an Amendment , to separate the propositions of the Resolution respecting corruption and connivance . The situation in which they were placed was painful , but it would be some mitigation of that pain , if these two points were separated . He should with pleasure vote for the acquittal of the Duke of York of all personal corruption , though he could not of connivance . He thought that Mrs. Clarke had dealt out to the house many falsehoods , but she had also told them many grave truths ; and upon these truths it was , that he could not think that the Duke of York was wholly ignorant of the corrupt practices which were passing . observed , that by putting 686 the question as it now stood , they must either vote for the Resolution of the right hon . gentleman , or for the Amendment made by the worthy baronet . There was no middle course they could steer , though it would be desirable to him and many of his friends to adopt a middle course , as they could not with any propriety or satisfaction to themselves vote for either separately . The hon . bart . appeared to him not to have sufficiently attended to what had fallen from his hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) relative to his Amendment , which he took that opportunity of conjuring him to withdraw . The hon . baronet 's Amendment was calculated to give the public a false notion of the opinion of the house of commons . It was unfair , it was cruel to place gentlemen who might by an Amendment separate the original Resolution , so as to be able to vote for the part in which they concurred , and to negative that which they disapproved of , in such a situation that they could not vote according to their conviction . The motion of the hon . bart . placed him and those who thought with him in a very distressing situation , and he therefore conjured him again to withdraw his Amendment . thought that it was right for those , who felt it necessary to state the reasons upon which they voted , to do so before the house should proceed to the first division . Whatever differences of opinion might exist on other subjects , he was sure there could be in that house but one sentiment of attachment towards the illustrious family upon the throne , upon every principle of reason , every memory of the past , and every hope of liberty hereafter in these realms . It was with extreme anxiety therefore , that he dissented from the proposition of the right hon . gentleman : it was painful to him to be compelled to give a negative , where it would be most gratifying to him to give his support . It . was to explain the grounds upon which he was induced to give his negative to the proposition of the right hon . gentleman that he had risen . The proceeding upon the subject under consideration had been repeatedly described by the right hon . gentleman and others , but most erroneously , as a judicial proceeding . This was an opinion inconsistent with parliamentary usage , and not authorised by the forms , the practice , or the constitution of parliament . It was absolutely impossible for that house to resort to any juridical proceeding , or to bring this question to a 687 juridical decision . It was therefore with considerable sorrow that he had heard expressions fall from gentlemen , learned in the law ; gentlemen who should inform , not perplex ; who should enlighten , not confuse ; favourable to a judicial course . He differed from that opinion , and if he was in error , it was the error of the constitution , which had not supplied the house with the same requisites