day at his house , and that Mrs. Taylor wanted to borrow some money upon a security which she had with her . He is then asked , 'Did you state to them that Mr . Chance was coming to your house that morning ? I did —Did they know him to be the person you knew as Mr. Taylor ? Yes . ' ( Mark , how positive . ) He was then asked , 'Did Mary Ann Taylor make any observation upon your stating that Mr . Chance was coming ? She laughed , and said to her mother , we will say we only paid Mr. Smith a morning visit . ' This was again put to him with some slight variation . 'What did Mrs. Taylor and Miss Taylor , or either of them , say or do , in consequence of your telling them Mr . Chance would be there that morning ? Miss Taylor told her mother , we will tell my father ( I think , I wo n't be positive ) , if he comes , that we only paid Mr. Smith a morning visit . They stopped a bit , and then went away . ' Here then we have in the evidence of Mr. Smith , a direct contradiction to the evidence of Miss Taylor . Had the examination closed with the question and answer last-mentioned , the purpose for which Smith was called would have been answered . Fortunately for this persecuted young woman , and for the cause of truth and justice , he did not leave the bar until two more questions had been put to him ; his answers to which changed the whole face of affairs . 'Are you quite sure , when you told Mrs. Taylor and her daughter this person was coming , you made use of the name of Chance ? Are you quite sure you did not say Mr. Taylor is coming ? I am not quite sure ; I think I said Mr. Taylor , by way of a compliment ! ! ! ' Now what shall we say of this man , who after stating positively , in answer to a question put to him , that he told Mrs. and Miss Taylor , that Mr . Chance was coming to his house ; that they knew the person he so called Chance to be , in fact , Mr. Taylor , the father of the witness who preceded him , and that 212 she laughed at his saying Mr . Chance was coming ? What shall we say of this man , who is to overturn the testimony of Miss Taylor , when , in his very next answer , 'he is not quite sure of having used the name of Chance at all . He thinks he said Taylor by way of a compliment ? '— Thus , sir , the very foundation of that proof , which was to convict Miss Taylor of falsehood , of which the defenders of the Duke of York made themselves so certain , to which the Chancellor of the Exchequer stooped , is at once overturned by a single kick from Dederick Smith himself.—The evidence of Smith , which I have already recapitulated , can only be surpassed in absurdity and inconsistency by his concluding answer . He is asked , 'Have you any means of knowing that Miss Mary Ann Taylor knew her father by the name of Chance ? and if you have , what are those means ? I have no means of knowing that she did . What , sir , had he no means of knowing that she knew her father by the name of Chance ? Had he not told us the very minute before , that Miss Taylor laughed at his saying Mr . Chance was coming , and that she and her mother both knew him ( Chance ) to be Mr. Taylor.— Sir , the whole merit of Smith 's testimony , if merit it can be admitted to have , is , that he has firmly rivetted that which he