thing was decided by it . Unfortunately experience has shewn us , that those who wanted finance wanted every thing . Let me appeal to every member of this house , come he from what quarter of the kingdom he may , do not all ranks feel the pressure , and bend under the weight of taxation ? Shall it then be said , as an excuse which might be tolerated , that the Commander in Chief is not able to comprehend or to appreciate the cost to the nation of the service . This , indeed , may afford a tolerable solution of many of the idle and wasteful expeditions which have cost the country such sums , and for which we have reaped nothing but disgrace . The next charge , the most momentous and important , is that of major Tonyn , and how has the learned gent , treated it ? He has spoken of that note which has created so much interest , as the mysterious note which is entitled to little or no notice , and ought not to be supposed as bearing upon this case . I never saw a paper more destitute of mystery , and had the hon . gent . seen it he would not have applied to it such an epithet . Has he forgot , sir , the indefatigable pains taken to destroy the credibility of that note ; to establish it as a forgery ? Has he forgot the feeling and impressive manner with which col. Gordon gave his evidence ? Was there a member in the house who did not participate in the feelings of that hon . officer ; who was not affected by his emotions , and felt for his situation ? The answers which as a man of honour , he felt himself bound to give , were given in a manner as if they drew drops of blood from his heart . The evidence of hon . gen. Hope was such as carried conviction to every mind , and the hon . and learned gent , below me , had spoke of it in a way that left no doubt . Two of the clerks of the bank corroborat- 49 fed the . note being h. r. h. 's handwriting . Did the learned gent , know it was . upon office paper ? Here then sir , I must without reserve , however painful , say , that this note , in my opinion , carries complete proof of h. r. h. lending himself and being a partner in the corrupt and abominable practice . I can not refuse giving this evidence complete credit , and that that letter was written for the sole purpose of preventing the money from being returned . Sir , if in one instance I find him compromised , it goes a great way to sanction the belief of his being privy to all the rest ; having this as a basis , other things , light in themselves , become important . The evidence of Miss Taylor in French 's levy , bottomed upon this , is entitled to weight , and must fairly be applied as corroborating h. r. h. 's . knowledge of the transaction . Was a man capable of countenancing or conniving at corruption fit at any time to hold any the humblest post under the government , but at such times as the present , was the second subject of the realm to be allowed to fill the most important office under the crown , after he had given with impunity such an example to the people of England ? It would be a vain and dangerous attempt to try to narrow great and judicial inquiry , within the petty limits of legal nicety . Are we to be driven from the grand object of national investigation ? —To detect , trace , follow up , and point out corruption , appear when and where it might , however qualified , however disguised , however sanctioned , this is our object . This is what our constituents will expect ,