but even if he were in the habit of coming to such a compromise of opinion in any ordinary cases , I would ask him whether it is fair to do so in a case like this ; in a case of criminal accusation ? In such a case , the parties who agree in some middle point , and sacrifice their own opinions to such an agreement , do injustice to their country , as well as to the person upon whose guilt or innocence they have to decide . That person has a right to claim that such a compromise shall not be made at the expense of the justice which is his due ; and the country has a right to expect that such a charge of guilt , once publicly imputed , shall either be distinctly proved , or unequivocally abandoned . I should have hoped , that , from these considerations peculiar to the case , as well as from his more usual and ordinary practice , the noble lord would not , in this instance , have shrunk even from that unity of vote with which we have sometimes seen him perfectly contented ; that he would not have become so suddenly gregarious in a case where , to vote alone , voting conscientiously , would be more honourable than to give up one particle of opinion to compromise and management . Will the noble lord contend that this Address conveys his meaning ? He certainly will not . He means much more than it conveys . But then there are considerations of prudence and expediency , it seems , which recommend this Address to the noble lord , and which this Address recommends to the house . The house of commons , it is said , is a high court , not bound by the ordinary rules which are obligatory ( most happily they are so ) on inferior courts of justice . This is a court , where we despise the established forms of evidence , under an impression , no doubt , that they were contrived to hide the truth ; though in other courts of justice it must be confessed those forms are found , by experience , to be not inadequate to the detection of the deepest-laid frauds , to the confusion of guilt , and ( what I hope the noble lord would agree in considering as a nobler purpose ) the vindication of innocence under false accusation . But however we may claim the privilege of differing from other tribunals in the forms of our proceedings , do not let us arrogate the 604 right of deciding upon other principles than those of truth and justice ! This , I humbly conceive , is what we do , if we adopt the Address proposed by my honourable friend . This Address submits to his Majesty , `` whether , even if it can be presumed that abuses so various and so long continued could have prevailed without the knowledge of his royal highness , the command of the army can with propriety , or ought in prudence , to remain any longer in his hands . '' What should we say of a judge , who , in summing up the evidence on the trial of a culprit , should state to the jury this ? `` The evidence before you does not appear to prove the guilt alledged in the indictment ; but it may not be prudent to say so . If , for other reasons not before yon in evidence , you are of opinion that it is expedient the man should be hanged , you will take into account those prudential reasons for gelling him out of the way , and frame your verdict accordingly ? '' This is , in substance , the language of the Address : this is , almost without disguise , the language of those who support it . They have told us plainly that they do not think it expedient to come to a vote , a direct affirmative or negative vote , upon the plain question