. I can not bring my observations to a conclusion , without pressing upon the attention of the house , the very extraordinary exhibition which Mrs. Favery has made at out-bar . She appears , beyond all doubt , to be the half-sister of Mrs. C—the daughter of Mr. Farquhar , Mrs. Clarke 's father , by a former wife . There is , I admit , no distinct evidence on the subject ; but when Mrs. Favery 's evidence , from page 459 to page 460 , is examined ; when her account of taking the name of Farquhar , to obtain more respect , as she says , is considered ; that she married in the name of Farquhar , though she declares that her real name was Favery ; Mrs. Farquhar , the mother , paying bills for her ; and if we then attend to her answers to the following questions , there can be no doubt of the fact : — '' You are not Mrs. Farquhar 's daughter ? `` — `` No ; I positively am not Mrs. Farquhar 's daughter . '' `` Are you not Mrs. Farquhar 's husband 's daughter , by a former wife ? `` — '' I can not answer you that question ; but I am not the present Mrs. Farquhar 's daughter , I can assure you . '' `` Can not you answer that question ? `` — `` No , I can not indeed . '' `` Why . can not you ? `` — '' Supposing I did not know my father or my mother ; I can not swear to that : I can not tell what they did with me when I was young : '' and then , after several other questions and answers— `` But you will not state that you were not the daughter of Mrs. Farquhar 's husband by another wife ? `` —she answers , `` I can not say any thing about it ; but I can say I am not this Mrs. Farquhar 's daughter ; that I can answer to , '' 144 It is no unfair inference , that she was related , and that nearly , to Mrs. C , but that it was an object to Mrs. C. 's credit and vanity that the relationship should not appear . But what was her story , her most false story , as it came out on the cross-examination of my learned friend ? She told us that she had lived with a Mr. Ellis , who was now dead ; that he was a carpenter ; that he kept a house in one place , and a shop in another , and she could not tell us the situation of either . Yet Mr. Ellis is alive ; he was no carpenter ; she knew him to be alive ; she knew him to be a respectable clergyman : but having lived with him as Mrs. Farquhar , and not as Mrs. Favery ; having been recommended to him by Mrs. C. under the name of Farquhar , she thought it necessary to mislead the house from finding Mr. Ellis , who would detect her falsehood . It appears afterwards , that she learnt that Mr. Ellis was summoned to this bar to contradict her . Site then attempts to make her peace with him ; she knows where he lives ; she goes to him ; she accounts for her not having given a true account of him , because she thought it would be disagreeable to him to be brought forward : whereas it was her own falsehood which imposed upon the house the necessity of calling him.—On Mr. Ellis being produced , Mrs. Favery is contradicted , and Mrs. C. is contradicted too , who also says , she never knew Mrs. Favery under any other name than Favery . This gentleman , Mr. Ellis , a clergyman , a most crelitable and respectable witness , against whom there has not been the slightest insinuation or suspicion , tells us , that he received Mrs. Favery into