of any member , however disorderly it might be to put such questions as that now put to him . The mode of putting that question to him inferred almost a refusal to reply , as if he ( Sir Francis Burdett ) had actually retired with some of the public money in his pocket , or been concerned in giving money to conceal a great public grievance , of the nature comprised in the charges now before them . He did not , however , feel disposed to reply with any acrimony to such insinuations , but certainly , only with a view to satisfy the hon . gent. , and he had therefore to state , that no such circumstance as his offering money to Mrs. Clarke did ever take place . was of opinion , that if the truth were to be sacrificed to the pleasantries and witty sallies of the hon . member ( Mr. Croker ) , there would be little left whereon to build a free , impartial , and serious discussion . The hon . gent . had stated , in fact , a number of abstract positions , which never bad been , and never could be recognized by that house . He trusted the house would feel what the country had long and forcibly felt the importance of the investigation in which it had for a considerable time been so peculiarly and painfully engaged . He was surprised to hear 481 a right hon . and learned gent . opposite ( the Solicitor General ) object to the present proceedings , upon the ground that the House of Commons had no right to be sitting upon the trial of a person in the Duke of York 's situation . Did that learned gent , not know that the House of Commons stood in an anomalous situation in such cases as the present ? They did not , as in other tribunals , act by any particular rules as to evidence ; every man that was accused by them stood before them for trial , and might if he chose come and state his defence . They had all the powers that could be comprised in a public functionary , for what would be their use if they were to feel themselves fettered in their censure as a Grand Jury ? If they could not thus pass sentence of condemnation on persons holding high and responsible public situations , he should be glad to know upon what principle they could act ? Upon what ground could the king more properly or constitutionally dismiss such individuals from the public service , than upon evidence adduced before the house of Commons ? This was not a novel case , for there had occurred repeatedly precedents to justify their present conduct . He might refer the hon , and learned gent , to times soon after the Revolution , times that were better adapted than the present for ascertaining the just rights and privileges of the Constitution . He alluded to the proceedings of that house upon the Partition Treaty ; when they investigated documents and examined witnesses , not upon oath , and what conclusion did they come to ? They addressed his Majesty to remove from his councils for ever lord Somers and the two other noble lords mentioned in that Address . On what grounds did they proceed in voting that Address , and did they stop there ? No ; they thought that the crimes of the noble individuals , against whom they addressed , went further than they could punish , and they therefore voted an impeachment . This was not done till after they had passed a sentence of condemnation , the most severe that they could pass ; and yet the hon . and learned gent , had said , `` why did the house proceed to condemn without evidence ? and why not send the Duke of York immediately to trial ? for it would be better to stab the Royal Duke to the heart at once , than to advise his Majesty according to the tenor