dissipation of the king having added to his pecuniary difficulties , he was induced to give up the plan , which he bad formerly pursued with so much zeal , of supporting and increasing the navy , on account of the expence attending it . '' The comparative ruinous slate of the navy in those few years of relaxation , during the interval of Mr. Pepys ' removal and return to office , is there shewn , which draws from the Commissioners of Naval Revision the following important and just observation . The rapid decay of the fleet , and the waste of stores during these few years of supineness , shew from experience how essential it is to the safely of this country , that the most effectual means should be taken to guard against any negligence in the Dock-yards ; and the great work of re-establishing the fleet , and restoring order , industry , and discipline in the Dock-yards , accomplished in so short a time by the Commissioners then chosen with so much care , proves in the most convincing manner , how much depends on having the civil affairs of the navy placed under the management of men of real ability , professional knowledge , and uninterrupted industry , and we think it out duty to recommend to government , that in the choice of them no other circumstance but that of their being the fittest that can be found for the execution of the various and important duties they are to undertake may be regarded I have thought it my duty to state this observation at length , as the Resolution which I shall have the honour to offer to the house is founded on this , and the last sentence in the Tenth Report now on the table . By reference to the documents in the reports of the several committees named either by this house or specially appointed by the government , it will be seen that complaints of the arrears of accounts in this department have been most loud ; and hitherto , no regulations adopted to cure the increasing evil . And here , Sir , I must be allowed to repeat the observations of the Commissioners appointed in 1786 , in their 9th Report . After shewing the many frauds and abuses which require the superintendence of ability , ex- 747 perience , and professional knowledge , they say , `` Such circumstances and facts as have come to our knowledge , appear to us to be so replete with fraud and abuse , as to require the adoption of the most decisive measures which can be suggested for their prevention in future . '' And again in page 729 , `` When the immense sums which were paid during the last war are considered , and such practices adverted to , it justifies the most alarming apprehensions with respect to the administration and application of the national properly . '' It is , Sir , these observations , coupled with the little knowledge may have on the subject , which I confess hath induced me to read the Tenth Report now on the table , with much attention ; and having done so , it may be only necessary for me to state shortly the state of the imprests outstanding , as well as every other arrear in this office . Having done so , I shall hope to prevail on the house to agree with me in the Resolution which I shall offer to them , in the words of the Commissioners of Naval Revision . The first statement of arrears of accounts is dated firth December 1806 . The unsettled Cash Account then amounted to the enormous sum of £ lO,985 , lOO I is . 8½ d. Commission Agents in arrear to the amount of £.2,740,883 in May 1806 , and four of these accounts with one house , Messrs. Jordaine , Shaw and Co. involving the sum of £.2,003,673 . Foreign Agents Cash Accounts in arrear 9th December 1806 , to the amount of £.6,554,922 17s . These accounts embrace a period of twenty