, or did he condemn him ? Was it to go forth to the country , that the house of commons declared , not in direct words , it was true , but by implication , that a high crime and misdemeanor had been committed , and yet followed that declaration by no legal punishment ? Was there a single instance on the records of parliament of the house of commons sitting in judgment on such a gross crime as that imputed , and supported by such testimony , abstaining from giving any direct opinion , aye , or no , on the guilt or I innocence of the party accused ? Many hon . gentlemen had expressed their hope , that the proceedings of the house would be satisfactory to the country . For his part , if the house should adopt the proceeding recommended by his honourable friend ( Mr. Bankes ) , aware as he was of the importance to the house of the opinion of the public , and aware as he was , that unless the house enjoyed the good opinion , of that public , they could comparatively do but little good , he yet hardly knew how to entertain a hope that that proceeding would be satisfactory to the public ; because such a satisfaction would betray in the public such a disregard to justice and to every thing most dear to Englishmen , as must ultimately end in an injury to the Constitution itself . To those who dwelt so much upon public opinion , which he valued as highly as any man , he would put it , whether it was possible that public opinion could call upon that house to surrender its functions by violating justice , and in so doing endangering the constitution . They libelled the public who thought so . What , he would ask , would be the natural question of any body of constituents to their representatives , `` have you acquitted or convicted the Duke of York ? '' and what must be the answer of those who should vote for either of the Addresses ? If the Duke were guilty , a simple removal was an inadequate punishment ; whilst if innocent , either of the Addresses proposed too much . The charges brought against his royal highness the Duke of York had been so clear , that he that ran might read . The evidence was perfectly intelligible . If the house , by inference , should find his royal highness guilty , the people would ask why no punishment followed ? It could not be answered that his royal highness 's removal from office was punishment , because the Address proposed by his hon . friend , distinctly stated , that whether there was ground or 569 not for the charges that had been made against him , his removal was a prudent and adviseable measure . By the adoption of such a measure it might be said that the house put the Duke of York in a better or in a worse situation than they would put any other individual . If they conceived him guilty , they would refrain from punishing him as they would any other individual ; if they conceived him innocent , they would refrain from proclaiming that innocence , as they would proclaim that of any other individual . In either case , they would consign him to irretrievable infamy without trial . They would be guilty of a double injustice , first to the individual , next to the public . Whatever , therefore , might be the opinion of the house with respect to the conduct of the Duke of York , he trusted they would negative the Address proposed by his honourable friend opposite . next rose , amidst loud cries of question ! question ! He began by observing , that he had withheld his opinion on this most important subject , until thus late in the debate , because it was precisely that kind of question on which it was impossible to form a judgment without the most ample discussion