connected with it ; and view the question , in all the various and important bearings , which it has upon the public interests of the country at 149 large : —admitting , certainly , as I have admitted , that considerations of morality and religion have most important bearings upon those interests . Those , indeed , if there are any such , who think that the army has been ill-administered under the D. of Y. ; who think that h. r. h. is an unfit person to hold the situation he has so long filled in it ; who think , that during fourteen or fifteen years which this illustrious prince has been at the head of the military department of the country , the army has not prospered under his command—that the regulations which he has introduced have not been most beneficial—that he has not , as a father , watched over its interests , increasing the comforts of the soldier—promoting the interest of the meritorious officer—establishing charitable and useful institutions for the orphans and children of soldiers— providing for the better education of officers in military knowledge ; —that he has not laboured , and successfully , for the improvement of the discipline of the army , and has no merit for having brought it to the highest standard of perfection at which it exists at this day : those who think thus of the D. of Y , may undoubtedly , with a just regard to the interests of the country and of the army , wish for his removal , upon grounds totally independent of this enquiry : —and if they can look to any probable arrangement which may furnish the army with a better Commander in Chief ; if they see the means of obtaining such an arrangement , by which there would be less room for the exercise of party feelings , less jealousies s , less interference of improper influence in military promotions ; that the removal of administrations will less effect the claims of merit , and destroy the fair prospects and regular pretensions of officers ; they may then , politically speaking , not unwisely seize this opportunity of accomplishing what they would deem a great public benefit , in procuring his removal . But those , on the contrary , who upon a near and accurate inspection of all these circumstances , think otherwise ; those who think we should in vain look to supply the place of h. r. h. by any person so well qualified to fill it , will deprecate his removal as a national calamity ; and if they see no ground for charging him with public guilt , will feel anxious to retain him : —and whatever measure of censure or regret they may think proper to adopt , will feel it an important consideration so to temper the seve- 150 rity of their censure , as not to accompany it with any thing that shall necessarily compel the removal of h. r. h. from the situation of Commander in Chief ; —but above all , they will abstain from addressing for any removal connected with this enquiry ; because such an address , so connected , would necessarily imply an opinion of some corruption , which I trust this house will negative , or some guilty participation in the offences which , this enquiry has brought to light . Long as I have trespassed on the patience and attention of the house , I still am sensible that I have omitted many observations which ought in justice to this case to be pressed upon their consideration . In an examination of so long a case , or rather of such a variety of cases , it could scarcely be otherwise ; and I must trust that whatever may have been my omissions , the further debate will supply them . I should now conclude , sir , but for the necessity of adverting to what fell from the hon . gent , towards the close of his speech.—The hon . gent , observed that `` The country would decide on the conduct