other way than from the statement of h. r. h. But , though Mrs. C. did say in one part of her evidence , that she never received any more money from h. r. h. , than 1000l . per annum , ( and upon that unqualified assertion it was , that the great and unfavourable impression upon this head was made upon the house ; ) yet we find Mrs. C. admitting , that `` once or twice , h. r. h. gave me small . bills for three or four hundred pounds , but they were his own signing and drawing up : —it was to get my necklace , or something in that way , from Parker 's in Fleet-Street . '' Here then is an instance of the D. of Y. furnishing Mrs. C. with small bills , as she calls them , for three or four hundred pounds ; for the purpose of doing what ? to take articles out of pawn . Undoubtedly , the articles were placed in pawn to raise money : 141 The Duke furnishes Mrs. C. with money to get them out of pawn ; and in so doing , he as effectually furnishes her with money for her expences , as if he had advanced it in the first instance . She is asked whether h. r. h. did not pay 15 , O00l . for her during the three years she was with him . Her reply is , `` Do you include h. r. h. paying for the house before I went into it , or keeping me and the establishment ? Including every thing , all the advances that were made ? I can not tell what he paid for the house ; I can tell what my lawyer got for it . '' It seems that her lawyer had a mortgage upon it for 12 or 1,400l . ; therefore , if the house sold , as she believes it did , for 4,400l. , a sum would have remained sufficient for the payment of all her debts , according to the amount at which she stated them herself , namely , 3,000l . Then here is evidently a supply left in her hands by the D. of Y. , sufficient to enable her to discharge all the debts she had incurred : — Upon being asked , `` Were you paid no more money besides the 1,000l . a year ? '' —she answers , `` No , I was not : I certainly complained to h. r. h. , and he said he would make some future arrangement . '' What that future arrangement was to he , does not appear . She admits afterwards , when she has been very much harassed for any thing , and could not get it from other quarters , and there was nothing in view , `` His r. h. would then bring me 100l . extra , or two perhaps , but I do not recollect ever two , I do one or so , one now and then , but not often . '' But besides these occasional payments , it appears that h. r. h. looked forward to the time when he might make a better arrangement for her . He had incurred a considerable expence in furniture , and such articles , upon the first formation of the establishment at Gloucester-place ; but as this would not be to occur again , he would be more at ease to defray other expences , and to discharge the debt which she might then be contracting . In Parker 's books , it further appears , that a bill was drawn , which I have before adverted to , by Mr. Dowler on Mrs. C. ; and some by herself , on Mr. Farquhar . These bills were not paid when due ; but they were taken up afterwards , by the D. of Y. : and putting all these things together , it will appear , that the expence for furniture and wine , the regular payments , and these various sums together