h. , in order that posterity might know , when they should see the Charges on the Journals , whether h. r. h. had been acquitted or not . But he must remind the house , that no charges had been formally preferred against h. r. h. in writing . The lion , member with whom this investigation originated , had , in his opening speech , not brought forward charges , but slated facts ; and upon such facts being stated as were highly disadvantageous to h. r. h. , the house had appointed a Committee , not to consider specific charges , but to investigate the Conduct of h. r. h. the Commander in Chief , as to the facts alleged.—Upon this subject , the argument of the noble lord ( Folkestone ) under the gallery , on a former night , was unanswerable . If charges there were , where was the record of them ? It was no where to be found , and posterity would in vain look for a trace of their existence , if the question were to rest where it then was . But it was argued that , as the facts had been stated to the house , they were bound in justice to h. r. h. to decide upon them . Yet in the Letter of h. r. h. , so far from calling for a decision , he deprecates a decision , and desires that they may refer the matter to another tribunal . ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) . In that unfortunate Letter , which proceeded from the very worst advice that had ever yet been given to a person in the situation of h. r. h. , there were several passages highly objectionable , to which he should not then more particularly allude , but there was one part to which he was anxious to direct the attention of the house , in confirmation of what he had just stated . The Letter itself , he wished he had the power to expunge from the Journals of the house , and to blot out from the memory of all its members . ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) . The part to which he alluded was this : —'My 'consciousness of innocence leads me confi-'dently to hope that the House of Com-'mons will not , upon such evidence as they 'have heard , adopt any proceedings preju-'dicial to my honour and character ; but if , 'upon such testimony as has been adduced 'against me , the House of Commons can 'think my innocence questionable , I claim of 'their justice , that I shall not be condemn 'ed without trial , nor be deprived of 'the benefit and protection which is afforded to every British subject by those 'sanctions , under which alone evidence is 'received in the ordinary administration of 'the law . '— ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) 406 Did the hon . gentlemen mean to insinuate by their cheering that h. r. h. deprecated that decision which they were called upon to make ? A decision must mean a determination or declaration of Guilty or Not Guilty . But the only alternative afforded to the house in this case , was the alternative of acquittal . If gentlemen meant by decision to determine whether or not h. r. h. should be sent to trial , he should concur with them ; though he must observe , that it was a new meaning for deciding in a judicial sense to say , we shall decide whether the case shall go to another tribunal to decide upon it . If they were to pursue the course pointed out in the Letter , the first proposition for them to consider would be , whether or not , upon all the evidence which they had before them , they could take upon themselves to say , that there was no ground of charge of corruption , or criminal connivance , against h. r. h. ? He could not see why the words `` Criminal Connivance , '' had been