. No man could , or ought to hold that important situation , who was not in full possession of the confidence of the country . The Duke of York had forfeited that confidence . He had lost the confidence of the country for ever , and by consequence he must abandon all hopes of ever again returning to that situation . This was a severe lesson , but it was as salutary as it was severe ; it would prove to all who might succeed that royal Duke , that it was not within the power of any sovereign , however beloved , or confided in , to protect his most favoured servant from the just consequences of the mal-administration of his public duty . The noble lord then concluded with moving , `` That his royal highness the Duke of York having resigned the command of the Army , this house does not now think it necessary to proceed any farther in the consideration of the Evidence before the Committee appointed to inquire into the conduct of his royal highness , as far as that Evidence related to his royal highness the Duke of York . '' rose and said : — Mr. Speaker , I am one of those who would have thought it his duty to support the Resolution which the right bon . gent . has laid before the house , if the event this day announced by the Chancellor of the Exchequer had not taken place . I beg leave to submit to the house the reasons which would have determined my vote in the former case , and those which induce me to think those Resolutions inexpedient at present . When the house , after a laborious disscussion of all the circumstances of the 720 evidence adduced in support of the baser part of the charges , had acquitted the royal Duke , it appeared to me to be their imperious duty to animadvert on those minor parts which were so supported as to leave not a doubt in any man 's mind that transactions most disgraceful and degrading to government had taken place , in consequence of the influence which the letters before the house prove to have been acquired by a profligate woman over the mind of the Commander in Chief . The weakness and irregularities of those in private stations stand between their conscience and their God . If the same weaknesses are proved before this house to have existed in a great officer of the state , and to have produced degrading consequences , it is its duty to require adequate satisfaction to the public . Every officer in this country , from the first magistrate ( the king excepted ) down to the lowest , is held under personal responsibility to this house . The king alone is wisely excepted , because his ministers are personally responsible for his acts of state : and if this house is convinced of any malpractices in the ministers , the crown can not screen them from the censures of this house . It behoves it to adhere most closely to this principle , as it was the want of it , which during so many centuries , under the Planta-genets , Tudors , and Stuarts , caused the scaffolds of this country to be so often stained with blood , and its jails filled with arbitrary imprisonment ; which left it in the power of the crown and its ministers to sell the dearest interests of this country to its enemies ; as the authentic memoirs of preceding times have proved . From the time this principle was established , by the expulsion of the Stuart family , these horrors ceased . Since the illustrious family of Brunswick was invited to the throne of these realms , no doubt has been entertained of the loyalty of the crown and its advisers to the interest of Great Britain , although great difference of opinion has often prevailed as to the ability and wisdom of the measures . As the preservation of the liberty of the country , and of the influence of