the recommendation of that person was not entered in any of his papers . Had the Duke of York recommended him , the recommendation , he was sure , would have been entered , but no such document was to be found . He begged to remind the house that the situation of Paymaster was not one which was eagerly sought after ; it required much attention , and was by no means so great an object as had been represented by those who would swell the gift into importance . Upon the whole , he was of opinion that the case was not proved against his Royal Highness , and therefore would not agree either in the Address or the Amendment . said , that having formed his opinion upon the question before the house , he was desirous to state the grounds upon which it was formed . He thought that the House of Commons was right in determining to examine witnesses at the bar , but after the manner in which the evidence had gone forth to the public , garbled and disfigured as it appeared in the daily prints , he dreaded , nay , he believed that the majority of the people of England did think the Duke of York guilty . At a time when the country called for extraordinary exertion , he was not sorry to see the people jealous of their own character , and jealous of the honour and character of their princes . He trusted , therefore that they would come to a decision on this subject and not send the person accused forth with a stain on his reputation . To him it appeared that the Duke of York was not only not guilty , but that there was strong evidence that they had all been imposed on . He gave credit to the hon . gent . who brought forward the business , for the man- 487 liness and perseverance with which he had acted . The hon . gent. , and a noble lord , ( lord Folkestone ) and an hon . bart . ( sir Francis Burdett ) agreed in thinking that the Duke of York was guilty of corruption ; if they did think so , why not follow it up ? Why come forward with such a measure , when one far more decisive and severe was called for by the circumstance of the case ? In these times , when the country was in such a situation , when the people were committed to such a struggle against contending enemies ; in these times , it was necessary that the characters of princes should not be frittered away ; characters in which they were all equally concerned ; and should they send forth that prince to the public , with a character lacerated by imputations , upon which they did not dare to give an opinion ? He was prepared to give his verdict , and to give it conscientiously ; he was prepared to say , not only that the Duke of York was not guilty , but that there were ample grounds upon the face of the evidence to induce him to believe that the whole was a foul plot against him . He wished particularly to notice the case of major Shaw , because he considered it most important , inasmuch as it furnished a ground for rejecting Mrs. Clarke 's testimony , by proving , that in this instance she had spoken what he could not forbear from calling downright lies . She stated , that major Shaw applied to her for a Lieutenant-Colonelcy , that he promised her 1000l . for her interest , but that she got only 500l . and that in consequence of that breach of promise , he was reduced upon the half-pay . Now , it was proved in evidence , not subject to the suspicion which Mrs. Clarke 's general character must have thrown over her 's , that major Shaw obtained the situation at the Cape of Good Hope , upon the condition that he would go upon half-pay ;