the practice , I am afraid , it is sometimes carried as much beyond the limits to which theory would confine it , as there is at other times a desire to make it fall short of them . The case mentioned by my hon . and learned friend ( sir Samuel Romilly ) , is a strong proof of this . There can be no doubt , that , if the facts stated form the whole of the case , the prisoner was convicted solely upon the evidence of a man , who could not have given that evidence , without confessing himself a participator to the full extent , in the guilt charged . The conviction seems to have been a most improper one , and is not rendered better by the reflection , that the man who could have been so convicted , was certainly not a Commander in Chief nor a Governor General of India . To return to the case in question . Mrs. Clarke is undoubtedly an accomplice , and on that , as well as on various other accounts , is to be heard with great distrust . But , still , her evidence is not to be rejected nor disregarded : and we are to consider what circumstances there may be to repel or do away a great part of the presumptions arising against her from the causes above stated . Though it may be too much to say , ( and far more than we are called upon to say by any evidence before as ) that she is , generally speaking , an unwilling witness ; yet we know , of our own knowledge , that she has been so in some instances , and must fairly be said to have given proofs of a great degree of moderation and forbearance . These are virtues often to he found among women whose lives and conduct have not been more regular than Mrs. Clarke 's , and which she has displayed in several instances in a very marked manner . She would clearly have suppressed all the circumstances connected with col. Tonyn 's business , if she had not been absolutely forced to produce them by the foolish and scandalous attack made upon her by general Clavering , which completely drove her to the wall , and left her no option between the production of these facts and the confession , ( which she could hardly be expected to make , at the moment too when her evidence was correctly true , ) that she was a woman wholly undeserving of credit . Her credit , which is impeached by the circumstances in which she stands , is 500 thus in a considerable degree set up again , by the manner in which we have seen her act in those circumstances . She evidently can not be treated as a woman , who is borne away by a spirit of resentment , which knows no bounds : because she has shown that she is not so borne away , but is restrained by considerations , such as we can not assume to be stronger than those which , even in a mind as little principled as hers , might prevent the production of evidence , known not to be true . If such seems to be the balance of the account between the presumptions for and against her credibility , which may be derived from a general view of her situation and conduct , it remains to be considered , how these motives and considerations appear to have operated in point of fact , and what is the general colour and character of her testimony ; such as we have heard it delivered , and as we have it now before us . Various attempts have been made to entrap her in her answers , and to find out parts of her testimony in which she may appear to be inconsistent , either with others , or with herself . For my part , I must fairly confess , that these attempts , as far as I can recollect , did