over the Commander in Chief . rose and said : Mr. Speaker , I should not obtrude myself thus early upon the attention of the house , if it was not through the fear of being too much exhausted to deliver my sentiments at a late hour . The habits of my life , during the last thirty years , having engaged me pretty much in the investigation of criminal causes , I have thought it a duty to bestow my best attention upon , this important case . I have done so , the rather , because few persons are so unconnected as myself with the Commander in Chief , now under accusation . I never had the honour of exchanging a word with him ; and it so happens that I have not in the army any relation , any friend , or even any intimate acquaintance , nor any one for whom I have ever received , or can expect to receive , a single favour . With his accuser I have had the honour of some acquaintance about twenty years , and had frequent occasion to admire the military talents and valour he displayed under the intrepid commander of a regiment that distinguished itself not a little during the unhappy rebellion in Ireland . I had also listened , perhaps too much , to the current reports concerning the object of this enquiry : I certainly , therefore , sat down to the consideration of it , without any bias upon my mind ill favour of the accused ; but divesting myself of every prejudice , I determined to pursue the strict line of duty , by considering the case of the Duke of York as calmly and temperately as I would that of one of the meanest subjects in the court where I have the honour to hold a seat . Now , Sir , if I can possibly hope to be of any use in the present deliberation , it will be by stating the course I have taken towards forming an opinion , and to bring my mind to its final conclusion . In the first place , therefore , I attended the examinations at the bar so much as to acquire as good an idea as was in my power of the manner in which all the witnesses delivered their testimony . In the next place , I had read to me the whole of the evidence , from the first word to the last , and much of it more than twice , in order to compare , and re-consider , what was most material . In such a mass of evidence , so mixed , and so confounded , the next step was to clear away all extraneous matter , go as to leave the real subject of investigation open to the view ; and in order 28 to this , I had first to observe what was not submitted to our consideration , and to what it was limited . Now , Sir , one thing which forms no object of our consideration , in the way of crime , or punishment , is a circumstance , which none of us can contemplate without the deepest regret . I mean the breach of the marriage vow . I trust that it will not be suspected that I am an advocate for the sin of adultery , or that I have any desire to excuse or extenuate it ; but this is no tribunal for the trial and punishment of that sin against the law of God ; so that , how much soever we may lament , we must be cautious not to confound it with the proper subject of our deliberations— an offence against the law of the land . This is to be sought in the report of the committee , and we must recollect the limits of its enquiry . It was not directed to enquire into the general conduct of his royal highness with respect to recommendations not being under the influence of the Commander in Chief , but was confined to his official acts