person who admits , that he never before mentioned such subjects in her presence , and who , Pierson the butler says , never was admitted into h. r. h. 's presence at all . But what was the conversation ? `` I am continually worried by col. French ; he worries me continually about the levy business , and is always wanting something more in his own business . '' 'Turn-ning to Mrs. C , I think he said ' `` How does he behave to you , darling ? '' 'or some such kind words as he used to use ; that was all that was said . Mrs. Clarke replied , ' `` Middling , not very well . '' 'The Duke said , `` Master French must mind what he is about , or I shall cut up him and his levy too . '' ' Now , sir , is this probable , is it possible ? If the Duke asked the question in the sense in which it is understood , would Mrs. C. have answered , `` Middling , not very well . '' Would that have been her answer , if the question related to money ? The whole engagement with her , was , that she was to have received 2,000l . if the levy went on and succeeded ; and , much as it had failed , she had at that time received 1,300l . She would naturally have been desirous of preserving , not of cutting down the levy ; she would have cherished the means of future emolument , and not foolishly have broken this golden egg . Col. French had given her more money in proportion to the men he had raised , than he had engaged to give her ; and of course , if she had understood the question of h. r. b. , as referring to money transactions , she would have said , `` He behaves very well to me , whatever he may do with regard to you ; to me , at least , he keeps his faith . '' From the observations which I have made on Miss Taylor 's evidence , it may 100 well be doubted , whether any conversation passed upon the subject of col. French 's levy in her presence , but it never can be believed upon such testimony , that she could have been present at a conversation so unguarded , and so improbable , as she describes ; if any passed at all , how easily might words be introduced , or suppressed , which may have altered the whole effect of it ; and that Mrs. C. 's friend , Miss Taylor , is capable of having so altered it , and that it is more probable that she should have done so , and concerted that alteration with Mrs. C , than that the Duke should , in her presence , have used such language with such meaning , I certainly do , myself , believe . But this Case is supposed not merely to furnish proof of corruption against the D. of Y. ; the hon . gent . contends , that it manifests that gross neglect of duty , which incapacitates h. r. h. from any longer filling his high office . It is imputed to him as a high offence , that after it had come to his knowledge , that every man raised by col. French cost the country 150l. , he should still have permitted that levy to go on . Now , sir , it should be recollected , that the whole of this inquiry originated out of a complaint made , not against col. French , but by him . In his letter of the 15th January , 1805 , he complains of gen. Taylor 's persevering hostility to his levy : on the 19th Jan. , this complaint is referred to lord Cathcart , by a letter from col. Gordon ; this brought from Ireland gen. Taylor 's defence of his conduct , in a letter of the 8th Feb. , from col.