Sir , from whatever quarter such sentiments proceed , I hear them with scorn . They disgrace only those who utter them ; and show only what it is that they who are capable of im- 631 puting base motives to others would themselves be , if they were in official situations . But however I may despise such sentiments , I can not hear them without regret ; because I know that property , in times like those in which we live , has need of all the protection which good order and good government can give it ; and I think it but ill pleads its own cause , and but ill provides for its own security , when its possessors endeavour to instill into the minds of the people a distrust , not of this or that individual , but of the whole class and description of public men . The hon . gentleman who uttered this sentiment may fancy himself safe , in the extent of his possessions , from ah the inconveniencies attending popular commotion ; but let him not think that the destruction of the authority of government , and the degradation ( if his opinion or his exertions could effect that degradation ) of ail those who , by their habits and their education , are qualified for public life , or by an honourable ambition are led to en gage in it , however it might conduce to the aggrandisement of his individual importance for a time , would in the end secure the stability of that property on which he founds his pretensions to pre-eminence . I have now nearly done . I hope I have done my duty , I have not contended : I am the last man who will contend , that any preference ought to be shown to the illustrious person upon whom we are sitting in judgment , on account of the rank to which he is born . But I think as we deal with him , posterity will deal with us . They will judge us fairly and favourably , as we deal towards him with scrupulous justice . But justice , be it remembered , excludes intimidation and popular clamour on the one hand , as much as it excludes favour and prejudice on the other . I will add but one word more . An hon . and learned gent , ( sir S. Romilly ) spoke of revolution and civil war as possible events to arise from ( I know not precisely what ) causes which exist in the present state of this country . I feel the time and the situation in which we are placed to be awful in the extreme . But I do not conceive that the question now before us has , in the most exaggerated view that can be taken of it , any thing to do with apprehensions of revolution . The house of commons has exercised its undoubted authority over a case and a personage of the highest importance and interest to the public . In that I see nothing that leads to 632 revolution . If , indeed , it were attempted to be argued that every man of high station , once accused , must be sacrificed , because a revolution would be the consequence of his acquittal ; if such a doctrine can be maintained and adopted here , then indeed we are farther gone , than I had apprehended , in the road to that very evil which the hon . and learned gent , professes to wish to avoid . But I trust the hon . and learned gentleman 's fears ( for menaces I will not call them ) are visionary . Whatever our decision shall be , I fear not for the character of the house of commons . The confidence which I feel in this respect does not proceed from indifference . I deem as highly of this branch of the constitution as any man . I think it would be difficult to point out the individual who must , from every motive of education