present before the house . I will only say , much as this unfortunate connection is on all accounts to be regretted , yet thinking the house ought not to interfere in it at all otherwise than as it might be injurious to the public service , finding that it has long ceased , that whilst it lasted , the instances of such access were so few , the injury to the public nothing , and the appointments uniformly proper and unexceptionable ( that of Carter is not worth mentioning ) it does not in my judgment form any rational ground for such removal . After the information that has been given of the unexampled order and regularity of the Office , his royal highness 's unremitting attention and singular industry in discharging all the duties of it and the admitted important benefits derived to the military establishment from his excellent administration , I have no scruple in declaring that in my estimation of his royal highness 's merits in that department , he stands much higher at the close than at the beginning of the enquiry . I should feel great regret , if in compliance with the popular opinion , founded as I am convinced it is in misrepresentation arid mistake , it should be thought expedient , as a right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) has suggested , that , for the public benefit , the public must be deprived of the benefit of his services . rose , amidst a considerable cry of `` question ! question ! '' and trusted that the house would for a short time indulge him with their attention , as it was far from his wish to occupy their time unnecessarily . The reason he had not presented himself earlier in the debate , was , because he had been wailing to see whether any of those gentlemen , to whose knowledge and experience he looked up , would take 560 the same view he had of the course that house ought to take on the occasion . He felt himself the more strongly induced to offer himself at the present moment , as he could not give his vote for either the original Address , the Resolution , or the Amendment proposed to the house . It had been always a doubt with him , whether that house could with justice agree to such an Address as would not alone affect the life or liberty , but throw disgrace on the character of any individual , of whatever rank , particularly as the evidence on which that Address must be founded , could not have he sanction of an oath thrown around it . In the Roman Senate an oath was required even from Cato , whose probity was proverbial . The house ought to pause before they passed such a sentence of disgrace on he character of any individual . In this opinion he was the more confirmed by the sentiments of that great constitutional lawyer , Mr. Justice Blackstone , who laid it down as the law of Parliament , that the representatives of the people can not act as Judges on charges of high crimes and misdemeanors ; they were the party injured , and consequently can not try ; they can only determine whether the offenders were such as should be brought before the Peers . The representatives of the people were the accusers , and the house of Peers the constitutional Judges . They were told , however , that the amended Address did not pass sentence upon his royal highness , but merely advised his removal from office . But , he would ask , did not this milk and water Address go at once to degrade his royal highness to the lowest possible state ? It did not even allow him the benefit of a trial by his peers , that invaluable privilege , which was equally the birthright of the meanest as of the highest subject . What was it , he would ask , which had raised the character of this country so high in the eyes