this the rule and guide of my conduct in this most important and interesting case , but I shall not travel through matter which has been already fully discussed ; I shall content myself by merely referring to those observations , which have established the conclusions which I agree to . The numerous contradictions and their effect , which have been stated so conclusively , and with so much perspicuity and ability , by my learned friend ( Mr. Leach ) , I shall not repeat . The detection of false testimony accomplished so perfectly by the speech of my right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer , I should never think of following with any observations of mine to the same effect . As that speech , which was eminent for its eloquence and reasoning , was still more so for the strain of sincerity which pervaded it and rendered it peculiarly impressive , had its full effect with the house , I shall therefore leave all his topics upon the effect of his speech . But it still remains to be considered what the plan and nature of the testimony is which was to be given , and by attending to its mode and character it will be seen how completely fallacious it is , and how it has tailed . Mrs. C. was necessarily the principal witness in all the cases : to fix the guilt of corruption on h. r. h. But to illustrate my view of the subject it will be sufficient if I consider her testimony , and that which was to confirm her , in the three cases of Knight 's Exchange , French 's Levy , and Tonyn 's Promotion . In all of them , and in all the other transactions , there is a character belonging to Mrs. C. 's testimony , most material to be attended to . She inculcated ( according to the account of all the witnesses ) the greatest secrecy while the business was going forward ; Dr. Thynne is enjoined to secrecy , Mr. Knight is enjoined to secrecy , Corri is enjoined to secrecy , and all his papers are directed to be destroyed , Sandon in every letter is enjoined to secrecy . To one who will attentively and impartially consider her situation , it , can not fail to appear that her motives for secrecy were of the most urgent nature ; she had to conceal her transactions from the Duke , to prevent his suspecting them , and to hide from him the objects of her inquiries ; she had to conceal it even from , her agents , in case they should discover 327 that she had not the influence with the Duke that she pretended to have ; for it is manifest from the whole circumstances of the case , and only contradicted by her declarations , that she had not the means of obtaining the objects which she pretended . The very few instances in all the numerous transactions of the office of Commander in Chief which she seems to have had any hand in proves this ; the correspondence with Sandon clearly shews it , and her continuing the transactions after her separation from the Duke , and still holding herself out as having the power to influence him , likewise shews that it must have been her object to conceal that she might prevent those she imposed upon discovering her want of influence . Ail these causes combined to induce her to inculcate secrecy during the progress of the transactions , and accordingly she inculcates secrecy in the strictest manner to every body pending the transaction ; this is universal and invariable ; it is the result of the testimony of all the witnesses , and of the evidence which arises out of the transaction and documents ; yet now when she gives her testimony she would have it to be believed that there was no attempt a ! secrecy ; that her injunctions to secrecy were useless ; that the whole was carried on with so little reserve , that it was the