gentleman and the learned judge , and something more remains to be done before I go into an examination of the particular cases : but I will not apologize , for the question is of the first magnitude . It is no less than a question upon the life and death of the character of the D. of York . Were we to be guided by the same rules which the learned judge has thought proper to lay down for the direction of his own mind , and the detail of which , for the benefit of others , he considered the most useful service he could render to the house , we should be reduced to a very7 strange situation . After having employed some weeks in the examination of 172 witnesses with great assiduity and perseverance , he calls upon us to discard the testimony of every one in the least material . Much of that testimony , the learned gent . has informed us , ought not to have been received , and he has given us the reasons why he did not stop it at the time . Indeed , sir , I think-that the evidence of every material witness must be blotted out , before we can vote for the resolution of acquittal proposed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , but I can not consent to part with them , upon the mere authority of the learned gent. , however much I may be inclined to respect it . The doctrine laid down by the learned judge , ( whose dicta the Chancellor of the Exchequer leant upon , without affording much additional support to them , from his own legal stores ) on the subject of the testimony of accomplices , was pushed to an extent infinitely beyond the opinions of the most eminent men of the profession , as far as my very limited information goes . I dare say the learned-judge has always acted in his own court upon the rules he has in this debate propounded to us , and the unconfirmed evidence of an accomplice in a crime , has never , I am sure , by him , been left to a jury ; but if what the learned gent , has asserted to be his practice , had generally prevailed , many murders would have gone un punished ; the real perpetrators of which have now suffered for their crimes . The unconfirmed testimony of an accomplice , even according to the practice of the courts , where stricter rules are adhered to , than are consistent with the usage , or would be beneficial in the proceedings , of this house ; and in cases of capital offences too , is left to a jury , with such observations only , as the particular circumstances of the case may demand from the bench . We can not , then , strike out the evidence of any witness who has appeared at your bar , merely because that witness is an accomplice . But the principal witness , Mrs. C. in whom , if there be a scintilla of truth , the D. of Y. is allowed to be guilty , is a woman of infamous character , and therefore she is not to be credited . The learned judge has carried it so far , ( and the Chancellor of the Exchequer is very little behind him ) , as to assert , that she is of a class which makes her society contamination . Sir , I , for one , can not admit of this sweeping disqualification of witnesses by classes . It is as barbarous , as it is extravagant . To what length would it lead 173 us ? Shall we , an assembly of men , sitting in judgment upon a cause submitted to our decision , ( in the conscious purity , I suppose , of our own lives , in the very point which is to operate the incapacity of unhappy women ) , decide , that because a woman has sacrificed the distinguishing virtue of the female sex