; on the 14th is the answer of gen. Cartwright to the enquiries made by col. Gordon , stating that he should endeavour to inform himself of particulars ; on the 22d is the letter of gen. Cartwright , containing the result of his enquiries ; and on the 23d is the letter of gen. Turner , stating that he has received the information that his resignation is accepted ; —so that it appears that the business of major Turner 's resignation was carried into effect within three weeks after he made his first application ! but here again I must observe , that upon a question , which is a question of corruption , we are endeavouring to enquire into facts , which can in no degree apply to that charge . The next case to which the hon . gent , deferred , in one which was so ably handled 126 by my hon . and learned friend ( Mr. Burton ) behind me , and explained in a manner so congenial to my own feelings , that I shall not think it necessary to occupy much of the attention of the house in adverting to it . I mean the case of Samuel Carter : with respect to that case , I am sure it is impossible for the house to have any other feeling , than that it affords an instance of humane consideration of those who contributed to the advancement of that unfortunate young man . What is the case of Carter ? There is no part of the conduct of Mrs. C , by which , in my opinion at least , she so much redeems herself from the infamy , which otherwise attaches upon her , as by her conduct with respect to Samuel Carter . The house may recollect when the case of Carter was introduced , and she was asked whether she had a foot-boy of that name , she replied , apparently hurt by the question , `` Yes , I had ; but col. Wardle told me he would not mention that . '' It is the case of a poor boy recommended in the year 1801 to h. r. h. by an officer , capt . Sutton , who represented that he was the orphan of a wounded officer , who had lost his life in the service of his country . There seems to be a doubt . whether there might not have been some disguise in this representation , and whether he was capt . Sutton 's own son , or the son of a brother-officer . But , at all events , this was the representation made of his case to h. r. h. It appears the lad was well brought up ; that capt . Sutton took a personal care of his education ; that he treated him in the way , which has been stated by a most respectable witness , gen. Rochfort ; and that he gave him an education which perfectly qualified him for the situation , to which he was afterwards advanced by the kind interposition of the D. of Y . It seems that the first application in his favour was made in 1801 , just at the time , when the house will recollect , there was a considerable reduction in the army , and consequently , when a commission could not easily be obtained . His distressed circumstances led to his living under the protection of Mrs. C. , and he was in this situation of dependence in Mrs. Cs family , when h. r. h. gave him the commission . He is described , indeed , as a footboy , a description , no doubt , below his station , and given to degrade and disgrace him : he no doubt was living with Mrs. C. in a state of dependence , he is proved to have waited behind the chair of the D. of Y. , at her table and once ( or 127 twice at most , ) to have gone out behind her carriage . But it is likewise proved by Mrs. Favery