can have been made for the purpose of supporting the truth ? No , sir , it is not of the character of truth to require , or to admit of such support . Besides this , sir , the falsehood in question bears most importantly on the fact itself . It was fabricated to disguise from the house the opportunity that existed for that previous concert between Mr. Dowler and Mrs. C , by which they might agree upon the facts which they were to relate , and upon the manner of relating them . The Importance of this concealment can best be judged of by supposing that this concert between Mrs. C. and Mr. D. had not been detected . How should we then have had this part of the evidence pressed upon us ? Should we not have heard it said , that Mr. Dowler 's arrival from Portugal just at this time , was something almost providential , an almost supernatural interference to confirm the testimony of Mrs. C. ? It might , indeed , have been considered as confirmatory evidence of no small weight , if it had passed as they wished to represent it ; but detected and exposed as it has been , I feel confident , that it must produce the direct contrary effect . So far applies to Mr. Dowler : the house will now attend to Mrs. C. Mr. Dowler having been examined at much length , the house was anxious to proceed to the immediate examination of Mrs. C. before she could have the opportunity of knowing what Mr. Dowler had stated : but no ; Mrs. C. was too much exhausted to bear the fatigue of examination , that night . The next day she tells us , `` that she had seen the papers , that it was therefore useless to ask her , how long she had known Mr. Dowler , as she might agree with him . '' And she does agree with him in that , in which I have shewn that he spoke false , on being asked , `` How often have you seen Mr. Dowler since he arrived in England ? '' `` Once , and the other night , till he was called in here ; I have not seen him since . '' `` Then you have seen Mr. Dowler but twice since his arrival in England ? '' `` Certainly not '' Now , sir , after such contradictions , if Mrs. C. was not an accomplice , but stood wholly unconnected with any part of the transactions to which she 84 speaks , her evidence could not be credited . But when it is recollected that she is an accomplice , or rather a principal ; detected , falsified as she is , how can we be deliberating upon the question of assigning to infamy and disgrace , upon such evidence , the illustrious person who is the object of our enquiry ? I regret , extremely , sir , the length to which I have been obliged to extend these more general observations upon the evidence before us : I will now proceed to apply myself with more particularity , to the several cases which constitute the grounds of charge against h. r. h. If there is any thing in the general observations with which I have troubled the house , they establish this proposition ; not that Mrs. C. 's evidence is inadmissible , not that it is to be wholly put out of our sight , but that it is not to be credited , except when it is con-finned : a proposition , which will be further established by the observations against her veracity , which will arise out of the examination of the particular cases , in succession . If , therefore , the house mean , as unquestionably they do , to do justice to this very important subject , they will look to these different cases , without allowing their judgment to be influenced in the slightest degree by Mrs. C. 's testimony . And if they will discard from