is , or was ever likely to become . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer thought that the Duke of York would get wiser as he grew older . His lordship agreed , that if the rudiments of wisdom were once implanted in the mind , it was natural to expect that the person might grow wiser with his years ; but if the rudiments of folly had taken fast root , it was , on the contrary , more natural to expect the person to increase in folly rather than in wisdom . Did the rigid , hon . gent . really expect that the Duke of York , at his age ( forty-five ) , was to reform , merely because the right hon . gent . informed him how very wrong a thing it was in his royal highness to sin against the seventh commandment ? His lordship was surprised not to have heard a single word from another right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) , who was very great on the subject when it was originally started . He hoped he would now at length come forward , and inform the house whether he attached infamy to the accuser or the accused ? If on the accused , his lordship trusted he would have the candour to say so . If on the accuser , his lordship was satisfied there was not a person in the house who would agree with him . His royal highness had given in a Letter to the house , in which he declared on the honour of a prince that he was innocent . That was a phrase the like of which he had never heard before . He regretted much that his royal highness had been advised , so ill advised , as to write that foolish letter to the house , because it placed them in a situation of still greater embarrassment than before . If his lordship said that he was guilty , and to no other decision could he come , while his royal highness , on the honour of a prince , said that he was innocent , he did not see how it was possible for him ( lord Milton ) to get quit of the conclusion , that to his other guilt , his royal highness had added that of falsehood . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer thought his royal highness innocent ; to him , therefore , the declaration of the Duke of York , on the honour of a prince , that he was innocent , must appear perfectly correct ; he ( lord Milton ) , however , being of a contrary opinion , found it difficult to get to any other conclusion than the one he had already mentioned . had so long delayed giving his opinion on this important question , being anxious to profit by the Opinion of others of more experience and knowledge than himself . He did not think , however , that the case was to be tried on legal evidence , or that the house was bound by the rules of a legal court grounded upon the nicety of technical distinctions . They were bound to form their opinion from the conviction of their own minds , and whatever positive proof was wanting , were to act from their own genuine feelings and the dictates of their consciences . He came forward upon that occasion with a mind as free from bias as an hon . and learned Judge who had spoken upon a former night , ( Mr. Burton ) or as any hon . member who heard him : if any bias did exist , it was not of that nature against which so many cautions had been pronounced ; it was in favour of the Duke of York , and against the charges ; but whatever influence that might have upon him in another case , the present was so strong against his royal highness that he felt it impossible to bring himself to pronounce him innocent upon all the