accomplices , of the manner in which they are to be admitted into causes , and of the way in which their evidence is to reckon , we have heard a great deal from those , who should be presumed to understand it , but who certainly seem , on this occasion , only to have given a new proof , that gentlemen of the legal profession do not form always the best conceptions of the principles of their own practice.—It may be said , indeed , of the whole doctrine of evidence , whether as we hear it treated daily by living practitioners , or as it is delivered in hooks and learned tracts of the most approved authority , that it is , what certain heads of disorder have been said to be with respect to physicians , the opprobrium juris consultorum . One position laid down has been , that the evidence 498 of an accomplice is to be believed only so far as it is supported by other proofs . If by this is meant only ( what it would express however very inaccurately , ) that no one should be convicted upon the mere testimony of an accomplice , unsupported by other testimony or by other proofs , the position may be readily admitted ; but if it is meant that every part of the evidence of an accomplice requires to to be so supported , the result must be , that the evidence of an accomplice was of no effect at all , supposing that by support was meant complete support , that is to say , evidence so good as to he sufficient of itself . For if by support here is meant only evidence imperfect or doubtful , such as might induce a belief , but not an adequate belief , then this description of the force and value of an accomplice 's evidence , is no more than what might seem to be expressed in a simpler and more intelligible manner , by saying that it was evidence of an inferior kind , which had its weight , but was not fit to be relied on altogether . Whatever its value be , it must be something , otherwise there would be no sense or meaning in admitting it into a cause . If a witness can add to the credit of another 's testimony , it mast be by the effect of some credit , more or less , that is due to his own . A witness from whom you believe nothing but what ; you can prove by other means , ( or who , according to the language that we often hear , is to be believed only so far as he is supported by witnesses that are credible ) is no witness at all . I do not know , therefore , what can be made of a distinction which a learned judge , ( Mr. Burton ) was endeavouring to set up , of the testimony of accomplices being good with respect to collateral or incidental circumstances , but not so with respect to those main circumstances which go to fix the guilt directly upon the party accused . You either give some degree of credit to the accomplice or you give none . If none , it is needless to call him . If he is to be credited in any degree , the credit so given him , though possibly not the same on all the points on which he may have to speak , will vary by other rules than the mere application of the point in question to the condemnation or acquittal of the prisoner . —Au accomplice , with respect to the mere effect which his testimony will have in influencing belief , is in the state of any other witness , whose credibility , supposing his accu- 499 racy to be the same , is to be estimated by his temptations to falsehood , and the probity which he may be supposed to possess to guard him against such temptation . So much for the theory . As to