The noble lord was glad to find the right hon . gent , intended to support his noble friend 's Amendment , and then those gentlemen who preferred it , as it originally stood , to the right hon . gent . 's Amendment of it , would have an opportunity of declaring such opinion . said , he had intended to have given a silent vote upon this occasion- 730 but after what he had heard stated , he felt it necessary to make a few observations . We had already seen that in all the monarchies and states of Europe , promotions in the army had generally taken place by means of the mistresses of princes , and therefore nothing had taken place in the present instance that could be deemed extraordinary nor unexpected . He did sincerely wish that this matter might be allowed to rest , but if any thing more must be done , be confessed he would rather vote for the Amendment than for the motion , with the exception of the word 'now . ' supported the Amendment , reserving to himself the right of giving his subsequent opinion as to the word 'now . ' It was not my intention , Sir , to have troubled the house this night : but from what has fallen from the right honourable the Chancellor of the Exchequer , I feel it impossible to give a silent vote . A report had been prevalent previous to my entering the house , that the Duke of York had resigned ; and I had made up my mind on the naked fact of his resignation , that no further proceedings were necessary . Had the mere statement of the fact been unaccompanied by the observations of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , I should have acquiesced in his wishes , without thinking it necessary to offer an observation . But , Sir , the facts which he has assumed , are so totally at variance with my opinions , and with what has been proved , that it is impossible for me to conform to the desire he has expressed , of suspending all further proceedings , and shall most certainly give my vote for the amendment suggested by my noble friend . Sir , I can not but deeply lament , that , considering the Duke of York thought proper to address this house by letter , during the investigation of the charges which had been adduced by the hon . gent . he should have permitted the important fact of his resignation to have been communicated to us by an extract or copy of a letter to his majesty , through the medium of the Chancellor of the Exchequer ; or that such a communication ; which can not be recorded on the Journals of the house , should have been made the foundation of a measure of public importance , so great as that of suddenly desisting from the decision of a question , which has now occupied , unceasingly , the attention of the house from the beginning of February . Sir , I must say , it would have been more 731 satisfactory to me , had the Chancellor of the Exchequer made a verbal communication , without reference to the letter of resignation addressed to his majesty , than that this house should receive the intimation of so important an event at second hand ; and I must confess myself to be greatly at a loss to comprehend 'the propriety , which , having dictated a letter to the house of commons at one period of the investigation , should have deemed it unnecessary in the present instance to make a direct communication , by the same mode of address which he had already , in a previous stage of the business , found it expedient to adopt . The Chancellor of the Exchequer states , that the Duke of York withheld his resignation until his innocence had been clearly manifested . Now , Sir , feeling as I do , that although on one point his innocence was so far