He did not say that the delinquency was equal on the part of h. r. h. , whether he knew of Mrs. C. taking money for these appointments , or whether he imagined that she gave them gratuitously . But he must say 430 that the effect would be equally pernicious with respect to the army . If a kept mistress was known to have influence , the officers of the army might be desirous of paying their court to her , they might be seen in her company and at her parties : and it might even be more agreeable to those gentlemen to deal with her for money rather than be found in constant attendance at the levees of a courtezan : ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Reports were current long before the Inquiry commenced in that house , of the sort of influence exercised over h. r. h. 's mind , and the truth of these were confirmed by the evidence now on the table . There was but one way to remove these impressions , and that was , by removing h. r. h. from his office . He thought the bare influence , independent of taking money , sufficient to warrant an Address to that effect . He did not altogether go along with the Address of the hon . gent . behind him ( Mr. Wardle ) , because it stated the fact of connivance at Mrs. C. 's taking money for her influence , rather more pointedly , perhaps than the evidence warranted . He could not at all concur in the proposition of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , who wished the house to decide upon one part of the case , omitting the rest . The case of non liquet , which had been adverted to last night by an hon . and learned gent . ( sir S. Romilly ) , applied here , for though he could not say that h. r. h. was guilty of connivance , there was enough in the evidence to warrant the strongest suspicion , and the most proper decision he could give was this , that connivance had not been fully proved . When gentlemen talked of the hardship of the course adopted by those with whom he concurred ( Mr. Bankes and others ) they ought to recollect that this house was not a Grand Jury deciding ex parte ; but that the evidence on both sides had been fully gone into , and that nearly as much time had been spent in examining evidence to disprove the charges , as had been employed in examination of witnesses to support them . The hon . gent . concluded with saying that he should certainly vote for Mr. Bankes 's Amendment . —Sir ; I feel conscious that at a later hour I may be prevented , by the increase of an indisposition under which I labour , from being able to merit that attention from the house which I am at all times anxious to obtain , but now more particularly require , when I have to discuss 431 ( and perhaps at some length ) a question of such extraordinary importance and complication . I trust the house will do me the justice to consider the difficulties with which , in my present situation , I have to contend . It is not only , that , as the debate advances , one is called upon to answer a greater variety of objections , which naturally arise ; but I have the further disadvantage of knowing , that many of the most pregnant topics have been already exhausted , and that the effect of what may remain for me to say , has been weakened by the arguments and eloquence of my predecessors in the debate . I was anxious to have followed the hon . bart . ( Sir F. Burdett ) who spoke last night ; but being then prevented , I shall take this occasion , the earliest that offers itself to me , of adverting to the insinuations which that hon . bart . then