very different con- 258 sideration ; and , that Mr. Dowler was , to a certain extent at least , the accomplice , and not the dupe , of Mrs. Clarke . These I think were the cases , and this the reasoning upon which the honourable gentleman founded his opinion , that the D. of Y. was privy to the corrupt practices of Mrs. Clarke . He touches lightly upon the cases of Elderton , Kennet , and Clarke ; but as he built no argument upon any of them , I shall not at this late hour call them to the attention of the house . I wished to consider fully all that his diligence and ability had been able to produce upon the most important question for our consideration , the personal corruption imputed to h. r. h. , because in it I. knew that I should find every thing that could be brought with any appearance of effect to favour the opinion which he has adopted , I do not regret that the time which this has required , has obliged me to leave many topics of the case untouched , which , in the course of the debate , will fall into better hands . After a patient and , I hope , an impartial examination of the evidence , I am firmly persuaded that there is no ground to charge the Duke with any knowledge of these corrupt practices . I therefore shall vote for the Amendment proposed by my right hon . friend , ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) by which , if it be carried , the house will put a negative upon that charge . I am aware , that when this has been disposed of , there will remain much , which , to grave and thinking minds , must furnish matter of deep regret , and which will demand our very serious consideration . The connexion which h. r. h. formed with this woman , the ill-placed confidence which he reposed in her , the fraudulent practices which she was enabled to build upon this , and the danger to which his character , so important to be kept high in the estimation of the public , has been thereby exposed : these are matters which , I think not lightly of , either in a moral or political point of view , but it is our duty at present , so at least I consider it , to view them politically as they may affect the state and discipline of the army , in which the interests of the public are so much , involved , and to provide against any mischief which we may think likely to result from them hereafter in that quarter . That we should not suffer these things to pass by without expressing our disapprobation of them is generally agreed . To what extent this disapprobation should be 259 expressed , and whether any , and what measure shall be recommended to his majesty upon it , are subjects upon which different opinions seem at present to prevail . There are some gentleman who think that , though the Duke be cleared from all suspicion of participation in this corrupt traffic , and from all knowledge of its existence , yet , that the other circumstances which have been disclosed to us render it neither prudent nor safe to leave the command of the army in his hands ; and that we ought therefore to present an address to the throne , praying that h. r. h. may be removed from his office of Commander in Chief . This is the language of the address which was originally proposed . Another hon . gent . has proposed a. resolution , the terms of which , as far as I caught them , must , if they are adopted , render it impossible for h. r. h. to continue in the command . Both of these measures seem to me to be so harsh , that I think we ought not without the clearest necessity to adopt either of them . Another