say so ; and to say it clearly and intelligibly . Can my hon . friend mean to argue that the immorality of the Commander in Chief 's private conduct precludes the affirmation of his innocence of political crime ? If that be my hon . friend 's opinion , I am confident he stands nearly alone in it : and that he will find , when he comes to vole the address itself which he is now so anxious to persuade the house to determine upon adopting , that he has been , though not the practiser , ( which he certainly can not have been ) at least the subject , of a parliamentary trick ; and that having gone with the framers and supporters of the address as far as is necessary for their purpose ; that is , just down to the point where his own favourite paragraph , his own particular contribution upon morality begins—he will be left with that contribution upon his hands . My hon . friend may depend upon it that his moral paragraph has been relegated to the very end of the Address for no other purpose than to allure him to vote through the preceding parts , with a firm determination on the part of those who want the assistance of his vote so far , to cut off that paragraph without mercy when he arrives at it . I can not but feel that this house has a different , in some respects a more painful course to pursue , than that which my hon . friend recommends : a course , which avoiding all compromise , and all circuitous and complicated considerations , must lead them directly to the decision of the direct question of guilt or innocence . There are two addresses before the house . For the address of the hon . member who brought forward the question I can not vote , because I do not agree with the averments of it ; but certainly I should have 598 less difficulty in voting for that address than for the address supported by my honourable friend . Is it wise or fair when you have before you questions all indeed of misconduct , but differing in their degrees ; some calling for punishment , some for animadversion , and some more fitly perhaps the subject of silent regret , than cither of punishment or of- animadversion : is it wise or fair to take an indistinct view of all these questions at once , and give , as it were , an average decision upon them ? Is it just to the person who is the subject of this inquiry ? is it respectful , is it kind , is it humane to that other personage to whom those Addresses are to be carried , deeply interested as he must be in the result both as a Sovereign and as a Father ? Is a decision of such a nature consonant to the justice , or creditable to the character of Parliament ? First , as to what is due to the illustrious person whose conduct is the subject of this inquiry . And here let me guard against an insinuation which is too often thrown out , as if there were intended to be some claim set up for particular forbearance towards this illustrious person , on account of his station ; as if it were intended or attempted to prevent the house of commons from inquiring into his conduct . I have seen no such thing attempted . I believe no such thing to have been intended in any quarter . And I trust , that whatever the decision of the house may be , there will not be fastened on the house itself or on any member of it a suspicion of having acted upon such views . But when we are cautioned not to take into consideration the rank of the Commander in Chief in the course of the inquiry or in mitigation of punishment ; let us be sure that these considerations , so cautiously to be abstained from in favour