they bad ample proof , as well in the letters of his royal highness , as in the evidence of Mrs. Clarke , confirmed by the unexceptionable corroborations of letters , which she never thought could have been produced at the time of giving her evidence , and by those who were benefitted by , as well as the agents in , the transactions , whether they were to be considered the confidants , or rather the dupes , of Mrs. Clarke . And here he must observe , respecting the evidence of Mrs. Clarke , and the corroboration of it by these letters , that her main testimony was fully confirmed , notwithstanding all that had been said , as to her having contradicted herself , and being contradicted by others . An hon . friend had , in speaking of the truth of the evidence 583 given at the Bar , expressed himself in the same manner , as he would , if applying his observations to the members of that house , viz . that there would be no difference in the evidence stated at the Bar , and evidence given upon oath . Unquestionably there ought not to be any difference , as the truth ought in either case to be spoken , and he hoped that there would not be any difference of that description in persons of any character in life . From the beginning , however , he had his doubts as to the mode of inquiry proposed to be adopted , and had even anticipated the consequences and inconvenience , which had resulted , when it was stated that there would be a difference between the testimony of Mr. Clarke at the Bar and upon oath . But he would ask whether Mrs. Clarke had not been received differently ? whether the manner in which she had been examined at the bar , had not produced a great deal of that pertness and flippancy in the answers which had been so much commented upon and so justly condemned ? Though he was confident that Mrs. Clarke was not a witness to whom he should give any great degree of credit , yet when corroborated so unexpectedly and extraordinarily as she had been , in cases , which appeared the most romantic on their being first mentioned ; he could not withhold his credit from her testimony . The case of O'Meara , for instance , appeared at first to have been only the creature of her imagination ; so also had it appeared impossible to believe her statement respecting general Clavering , and yet both had been afterwards confirmed by the production of unknown or forgotten documents , in a most extraordinary manner . He should next mention some small matters of confirmation , which though small were not unimportant , both because it was impossible to put them out of the question , and because it was often from such circumstances that the most correct opinion was to be formed of any complicated transaction . When Mrs. Clarke had been asked how she had made her request to accomplish the exchange for col. Knight , she answered that she had given to the Duke of York the names of the parties upon a slip of paper , which she had previously received from Dr. Thynne . It appeared from the evidence , that , unknown to her at that time , Dr. Thynne had also stated that he had given to Mrs. Clarke a slip of paper containing the names of the parties . These coincidences in small matters often amounted to more cogent proof 584 than resulted from more important parts of evidence . It had likewise been said by Mrs. Clarke , that , whenever the Duke of York was with her , she never suffered a livery servant to attend . It appeared that Samuel Carter did attend his royal highness , but it afterwards came out by mere accident , and not at all with a view to confirm her former testimony , that he never wore a livery . But the greatest thing of all ,