the manner in which a military subject was touched upon in the letter from the D. of Y. to Mrs. C. , he could not resist the conclusion , that the letter from Mrs. C. , in which this answer originated , must have contained something more than a bare inquiry whether any new regiments were or were not raising . In his opinion , it must have conveyed to the Duke Mrs. C. 's request that h. r. h. would give gen. Clavering one of those regiments which she presumed were about to be raised . Was not this a decisive proof of the existence of her influence ? If this influence was not notorious , what could have induced a gentleman of gen. Clarering 's situation and professional rank to apply to Mrs. C , for the purpose of furthering his advancement ? Another proof of the existence of that influence , or what was 158 almost as bad , of the general belief , that such influence did exist , was the circumstance of Dr. O'Meara having applied for her interference on his behalf . How could either of these gentlemen have thought of applying to Mrs. C. , if the fact of her possessing influence were not notorious , and how could that have became matter of notoriety , if there had not been some sufficient ground for presuming it ? This , therefore , was a proof of the existence of such influence , against which it was impossible for the house to shut its ayes . Having formed a connection with such a worthless woman , it was not surprising that h. r. h. should by degress allow her to posses an influence over him which was certainly unjustifiable . The right hon . gent , then alluded to the testimony of Miss Taylor , which he considered as affording proof of Mrs. C 's influence over the D. of Y . He next proceeded to take a view of the case of major Tonyn , as it substantiated the existence of influence , and here took occasion to express his conviction that the note , which had given rise to so much discussion , was the handwriting of the D. of Y . The name of major Tonyn was in this note correctly spelled ; whereas in all Mrs. C. 's notes , the name had been spelled with an I , even down to the time of major Tonyn being gazetted . But a considerable degree of the impression created by that note must be done away , when it was known that that officer had various sorts of business at the Horse Guards , and that Mrs. C. was often applied to , merely to give information of what progress had been made in transactions connected with that office , through her connection with the Duke . On the case of Samuel Carter , he was not desirous of pressing inquiry . It was a generous transaction on the part of h. r. h. and Mrs. C , and ha would only observe , that it was unlikely that lieut . Sutton 's recommendation , four years previous to his obtaining the commission , was the cause of his appointment . From all the circumstances , he conceived that it mast be evident to the mind of every man , that there had been a constant influence acting upon h. r. h. , which in many instances had decided his conduct , and was to a certain extent prejudicial to the interest of the army . This was a part of the case not touched either in the Address of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wardle ) , or in the Resolutions of his right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) , which many would think 159 not the least important in this matter . Disapproving therefore as he did of the original motion and of the amendment , both in point of form and substance , he should think it his duty , unless some other gentleman took the matter up in the light