deeply versed in all the mysteries of army-jobbing , to the Duke of York . In this school , a woman of her talents could not but have made great proficiency in that science which she so dexterously and successfully practised , while under the protection of his royal highness . According to her account , it was not until some time 282 after the establishment at Gloucester-place was set up , when she discovered that the allowance was not sufficient to maintain it , that she felt herself under the necessity of taking up this system . But let gentlemen examine the Minutes , and there they would find it in evidence that the proposal for French 's levy was made on the 1st of Feb. 1804 , before the establishment at Gloucester-place was set up , or just as it had commenced . In fact , she began to put her knowledge in practice , before , by her own account , she became in the least embarrassed . Was he not justified in saying that this woman came out of Mr. Ogilvie 's hands , well acquainted with all the mysteries of military services ? When Mrs. Clarke was asked on her examination , what could induce her to adopt this system of trafficking in military promotions , she replied , her distresses , occasioned by finding that her allowance was not sufficient to defray the expence . Let the house consider dates a little . It had been stated by Mrs. Clarke herself , that no proceeding of the sort to which he had alluded , took place until some months , he believed half a year , after she had got to Gloucester-place . The establishment of Gloucester-place commenced about Jan. 1804 . Now it was to be observed , that the first proposal made by col. French to raise a levy , was dated the 1st of Feb. 1804 . ( He was fully satisfied that Mrs. Clarke was acquainted with col. French and capt . Sandon , during her connection with Mr. Ogilvie ) . Col. French 's proposals were accepted in April 1804 . It was impossible therefore , that the statement made by Mrs. Clarke , that her having meddled with military transactions , was attributable to her distresses , could be true ; for it was evident , that she must have been negociating with col. French and capt . Sandon in Feb. and March 1804 , and it was not in the least credible , that her distresses could have commenced at that early period . This appeared to him to be a complete contradiction of one of the most material points of Mrs. Clarke 's evidence , and to shake the superstructure which she had endeavoured to build on her falshood . It was proved , by her connection with Sandon and French , that the story of her distress was invented to bolster up that fact . With respect to what she said on the subject of French 's Levy , the hon . gent . who spoke last said it was strongly corroborated by the terms of the levy itself , and the evidence of Miss 283 Taylor . Now , with regard to Miss Taylor , he had a very strong suspicion on his mind whether any credit was due to her evidence . That part of her evidence with respect to her knowledge of Mrs. Favery , did appear to him not a little extraordinary . She admitted that she knew Airs . Favery , but that she never recollected whether she ever went by the name of Farquhar . It was impossible she could have forgotten such a circumstance ; or , if she had , how were they to reconcile it with her tenaciousness of memory in recollecting , verbatim almost , a conversation which had taken place so many years before , when this strong circumstance in her evidence was coupled with the fact of her being an old and intimate friend of such an abandoned woman as Mrs. Clarke ? He confidently put it to the house whether , as