now declare that he could not , consistently with his sense of honour and probity , vote for the hon . gent . 's ( Mr. Bairkes ) Address , which insinuated much , but charged nothing ; nor for the original Address , which required too much . Agreeing therefore , with neither , he would reserve himself for the vote upon the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's Resolution , upon which he should propose an Amendment , containing a distinct charge , to form the ground of an ulterior proceeding . Tins Amendment , he said , would be to the following effect : `` That it is the opinion of this house , after the most full and most attentive consideration of the evidence which had been adduced , that there is ground for charging his royal highness the Duke of York with the knowledge of the corrupt practices which had been proved at the Bar . '' said , he would not unnecessarily detain the house by replying to many of the arguments of the hon . baronet ; at the same time , he was ready to allow , that the alteration in the resolution of his right hon . friend , proposed by that 564 hon . baronet , was much more manly and honourable , and , in his opinion , if adopted , would be more satisfactory to the country , than the Address proposed by his hon . friend opposite ( Mr. Bankes ) . He not only agreed with some of his learned friends , that the evidence of Mrs. Clarke should be entirely laid out of consideration , in deciding upon the question before the house ; but contended , that any one of the objections which had been so justly stated to her credibility ought , in his mind , to induce the house not to listen to her testimony . Taking them collectively , he maintained , that in a court of Justice it would be the bounden duty of the Judge to tell the Jury , that it was impossible to give credence to such a witness ; nay , further , that it would be his duty to commit her for perjury . Adverting to the testimony of Miss Taylor , he expressed his decided opinion , at the risk of any obloquy that might attend the avowal , that the improbability of that evidence was so great , as entirely to destroy her credibility . In order to believe Miss Taylor , the house must believe that the Duke of York had acted against a principle on which , if Mrs. Clarke were to be believed , he had uniformly acted , by making Miss Taylor privy to such a transaction . This was a great improbability ; and the next improbability was , that if Miss Taylor was present at the conversation respecting French 's levy , she should never in any other instance , however frequent her visits to Gloucester-place , be present at any other conversation on a similar subject . To these improbabilities was to be added a third ; that Miss Taylor , who professed accurately to recollect a conversation which took place about four years ago , was yet unable to relate what occurred in a conversation with Mrs. Clarke not more than as many weeks since ! To prove this , he read a part of the evidence of Miss Taylor , and contended , that if the principles upheld by some of the hon . gentlemen opposite , with respect to testimony , were adopted , guilt in many instances would be triumphant , and innocence condemned . He appealed to the house whether any security existed against the most infamous charge by the most infamous accuser , unless the credit of such accuser were to be ascertained by the examination of collateral circumstances ? If , indeed , that sort of cross-examination were discarded , a plausibly-constructed story would be alone sufficient to attach the 565 imputation of guilt to the fairest character . The conviction of a witness in a single falsehood ought ,