r. h. is charged with having done any thing improper as Commander in Chief ; but as it is one in which money is said to have been paid for an appointment , and as Mrs. C. says , with h. r. h. 's knowledge ; though it be not in the Duke 's own department , it equally reflects upon the honour of h. r. h.—The case however rests wholly on the 119 evidence of Mr. Dowler and Mrs. C. I did submit to the house , yesterday , my impression respecting Mr. Bowler 's and Mrs. C. 's testimony in this case , and I think if I was disposed to go at any length-into their evidence , I should be told it was unnecessary ; and that it did not appear to be of a nature , which entitled either that gent. , or Mrs. C , to the least degree of credit . He says , that he gave Mrs. C. 1,000l . for a situation in the Commissariat Department : whether he did actually give her 1,000l . is one question , and if lie did , on what account he give it , is another . What renders it very improbable , that he should have given so large a sum at all , is , that at this very time you will find Mrs. C. and Mr. Dowler , raising money upon their bills . Nothing can be looser , or more unsatisfactory than his evidence . He asserts , that he assisted her with many large sums to a considerable amount : yet , except in one instance , in which he paid for a carriage , he can not recollect any one of them : they were not intended as presents , but as loans ; yet he has no memorandum , no . trace of any item by which he could ascertain the amount of them . Besides this , it certainly appears , he was her most favoured paramour , and that they had a variety of transactions together . If he paid her any money , therefore , the probability is , that it would not have been on account of any exertions of hers , to obtain for him a situation in the commissariat ; but that it should be referred to some other account arising out of the intimacy which subsisted between them , and the disposition which he consequently must have had to assist her . The house will not fail to recollect , that he gave a very different account to an hon . member of this house , a friend of his , of the source from which he derived this appointment , at the time it took place ; and surely his contemporaneous account to his friend is more entitled to credit , than that by which , after having been closetted and bedded with Mrs. C. , he comes to fix guilt and conviction on h. r. h. These are the impressions on my mind : I can not flatter myself , that either with respect to this , or other cases , I shall be uniformly successful in carrying that conviction to the minds of all those who hear me , which I certainly feel upon them myself ; but I do trust that this fair and candid examination of these charges , will make a due impression on this house , and upon the country ; and will bare the effect of correcting the 120 erroneous impressions which have been made out of it , by those imperfect and garbled publications of the evidence , by which the public mind has been unjustly prejudiced and poisoned against the D. of Y . We all know , sir , ( and I wish we may not , some of us , be influenced by them ) ; but we all know , that partial accounts of the evidence have gone forth in the public prints , in weekly and diurnal papers , accompanied , in many instances , by comments and observations , most industriously and wickedly calculated to prejudice