to read one he had received from the most eminent brewer in Dublin . The substance of which was as follows : `` That he had received a letter from Mr. Foster , relative to the intended duty to be laid on malt . That he bad lost no time in calling a meeting of the most respectable brewers , and they had , without a dissenting voice , agreed that the additional tax would be most beneficial . '' He then said , that the duty on malt was not raised , as stated by the right hon . bart. , to three shillings in one year but it progressed to that in a series of years . It was a convincing proof , that the increase of duty had not injured the breweries , for since it had risen to eighteen shillings a barrel , the importation of malt liquor from England had decreased ; and during the last four years the importation of hops into Ireland exceeded that of any other period . He submitted that this proved , that although duties had been laid on malt , the breweries were not injured , but had increased . He asked , was there ever any thing so preposterous as the suggestion of the right hon . bart. , that the brewers would exact two pence a quart in addition to the present price , when his proposition went only to exact three shillings and sixpence additional duty on each barrel , which would not amount to a halfpenny a quart ? And he was informed by the brewers , they would not attempt to raise it more ; and that it had been in their contemplation to make that rise if the duty bad not been increased ; in which case , the state would not have re- 762 ceived any benefit . If the right hon . bart . opposed it under popular ideas , he assured him he was mistaken , as he was confident there was not a person in the country would thank him for his interference . He concluded by observing , that his only reason for wishing it to be postponed to Thursday was , that it might have an opportunity of being more amply discussed ; and the motives of the right hon . bart . were , that it should not be discussed this session . was of opinion , that the amendment would only oblige the Chancellor of the Exchequer for Ireland to bring in a new bill . At the same time he thought there were not sufficient reasons stated for the postponement of the committal . approved of the amendment , and said he was of opinion it was unwise to increase the duty on malt . He then entered into an explanation of the different duties levied on the respective proofs of spirits ; and contended , that that levied on over-proof spirits bore oppressively on the distiller . said , his objection to the measure being precipitated through the house , was , that a committee of that house had been appointed to investigate what regulations were necessary to be made , as to the importation and exportation of spirits between England and Ireland , and they had not yet made their report . said , he was of opinion they ought to go into a committee , or to give up the measure altogether , and then to make some regulation as to the duties on spirits . It had been the practice of Mr. Pitt , and all other able statesmen , when any article was so over taxed as to groan under its weight , to reduce it to the lowest point , and give it an opportunity of again flourishing . He concluded by stating , that he did not believe the present duty on malt was collected to the extent of one-half , and if the present measure was carried into execution , it would be more evaded . supported the motion of his right hon . relative , upon the grounds that the subject was worthy of more