's feelings and character , they would have followed the precedent respecting the Duke of Marlborough . In that case , the Commissioners of Public Accounts reported to the house that the Duke had improperly received 63,000l . from the contractors for bread for the supply of the army on the continent , upon which Report the house instituted an inquiry . In consequence , her majesty in council declaring the cause , and her wish to prevent the operation of undue influence pending the Inquiry , thought proper to order that the appointments of the Duke of Marlborough should be resumed . If the friends of the Duke of Marlborough had succeeded on that occasion , nothing would have appeared on the Journals but the removal of the Duke of Marlborough . Now , what difference existed between the case of the Duke of Marlborough and that before the 655 house , to prevent ministers from attending to it . For all the additional publicity , for all the extended debate which had taken place upon this question , and its consequences , the Duke of York had to thank his friends , or the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's management.—The right hon . gent . concluded with expressing his wish , that the Amendment of the Resolution which the Chancellor of the Excequer proposed to withdraw , should include something to this effect , `` That there were various other circumstances and transactions disclosed in the Evidence respecting the conduct of the Duke of York , upon which the house felt it expedient to declare an opinion . '' This or something of the same nature , he desired to have added to the Resolution relative to^ the personal corruption , or otherwise he should feel it his duty to oppose it ; because , without some such security for a proceeding upon the whole of the case , neither the house nor the country could or ought to be satisfied . thought that it should be well understood , that if the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer was prepared to withdraw his Resolution , it would be then competent for any honourable member to propose to whatever was to be substituted in place of that Resolution , an Amendment of any kind , proposing any thing short of a censure for corruption ; or if the Resolution of his right hon . friend was to be persisted in , he hoped he should then be allowed to move the Amendment he had already taken occasion to read to the house . He did not think that it was altogether fair to omit the word `` charges '' in the Resolution , after the right hon . gent . had used it in his argument ; for though some of the graver kind might be truly said to be abandoned , still he thought there were others which could not be overlooked , and to which it was the object of his amendment to have reference . He could not conceive , why , when the public was under a mistake as to the actual state of their proceedings , the house should not clear up that mistake by coming to some specific conclusion . The right hon . member then urged the advantage of burthening the house with as few divisions as possible , and said that now the right honourable gentleman 's Resolution was to be withdrawn , the house would be open to the proposition which he had taken the liberty to state to the house on a former night . considered , that those gentlemen who had voted for the Resolution , had been obliged to do so , because they could not agree to cither of the Addresses proposed . He was one of those who could not bring himself to think that immediate degradation and eternal infamy were no punishment . He could not consent to inflict punishment for an ambiguity , or to pronounce judgment upon an alternative . It was sufficient for the character of the Duke of York , that the Charges of corruption or connivance