friend 's opinion upon such a subject , was one of the ablest , most impressive , and most seasonable , which could possibly have been offered to our attention . Although my learned friend has anticipated many of those topics , on which I should otherwise have thought it my duty to have troubled the house at considerable length ; yet the great variety and importance of the materials on which our judgments are to be formed , will , I fear , still oblige me , however desirous of confining myself within the narrowest limits which 54 the extended nature of the subject will admit of , to trespass to a great extent upon the patience and indulgence of the house . I should , therefore , be guilty of as great imprudence with a view to the interests of the cause , as of injustice to the house , if I were to waste any time in apology or unnecessary prefatory observations . I will , therefore , endeavour to bring the attention of the house directly and immediately to the important subject and substance of the question . In order to do this with any useful effect , it is necessary that gentlemen should cast back their recollection for a few weeks ; that they should recall the manner in which the question now before us was originally introduced , and compare it with , the state in which it stands at the present moment . I entreat the house , Sir , to lend its patient attention to this review ; I will afterwards proceed to explain the light in which the case presents itself to my mind ; a light , which if it be the true one , will lead , us to the adoption of sentiments and proceedings very different , indeed , from those which have been proposed by the hon . member , who stands forth the accuser of the Duke of York . The house , Sir , will recollect , that when , the charges were first brought against h. r. h. , they were opened as charges of GROSS CORRUPTION . The hon . gent , undertook to prove , and personally pledged his character to this house that he would prove , that h. r. h. had been guilty of BASE , PERSONAL CORRUPTION ; —not , that he had been guilty of any neglect of his official duties ; not that he had been deficient in that attention , which their importance and their extent required ; not , that he had been guilty of moral irregularities , of indiscretions , or of any offences of a more private nature , or of a minor character ; but the charge against the D. of Y. , was a charge of CORRUPTION ; corruption , base and infamous in any man , doubly base and infamous in one of so exalted a character , and so eminent a station . It was on that ground that the hon . gent . recommended this enquiry to the house , and it was on that ground that the house adopted it . Upon such a charge , Sir , when once made against such a character , I can not doubt but the house will feel it their indispensable duty , to pronounce a direct , a decided opinion.—Is he , ( aye or no , ) upon the charge of corruption , guilty or not guilty ? —that is the question proposed to us , —the question 55 from which we can not shrink—the question which we must decide . Such a charge having been brought against any individual , —the highest in the kingdom or the lowest , no matter which ; a charge involving every thing dear and valuable in honour , in interest , in life ; a charge , which , if proved , must condemn him to misery , degradation , and infamy for ever ; would it not be due to any one , and is it not due to the D. of Y. ; nay , is it not due