I shall vote : and I will add that few of the opinions expressed by my horn friend ( Mr. Wardle ) upon this matter , are substantially different from my own . I can not disguise my conviction as a member of parliament , after having heard and most attentively considered the whole of the evidence , that the D. of Y. could not possibly be ignorant of the corruptions , which have been related by Mrs. C. at your bar . Sir , if I thought the D. of Y. innocent , I would eagerly say so , in term * as unambiguous , as I now say that I think he is guilty.—That is to a degree guilty—I say to a degree guilty ; for there are in my estimation many shades of difference , and many degrees of guilt . The monstrous doctrine of the Chancellor of the Exchequer that in point of moral turpitude , personal corruption , or connivance at corruption , are the same thing , and especially in this case , needs but to be stated to be exposed . It is a fallacy , which must have been thrown out to mislead us ; to the consideration of which I shall hereafter return . Sir , I feel no disposition whatever to respect the veil of sanctity , which , as a last resource , the right hon . gent . has made a faint attempt to throw over the royal Duke . The question of Prerogative was slightly hinted at , but instantly abandoned . Another objection , however , has been urged in a shape as formidable as it could be made to assume , which , ( if attended to ) would go the length of precluding us from voting any censure against the D. of Y. , whatever may be our impressions as to his delinquency . We are warned against voting this address relative to the D. of York , because he may eventually ascend the throne : And upon 171 this possible contingency , the Chancellor of the Exchequer dwelt at great length . He painted to us the evils to be expected , from the degradation of a character , to whom we might hereafter be bound to look up as our sovereign . I think after what has been shewn , there is no way left for the restoration of the character of the D. of Y. , but through his submission to the censure of the House of Commons . Through that ordeal he must pass . Then indeed if the event alluded to should take place , the clouds of these days , so far from obscuring , may add lustre to his reign . He who ascended the throne after having incurred the censure of the representatives of the people , would by his submission to that censure have recognized the power of that tribunal , to which the people of the British empire can appeal in case of any extraordinary emergency—he would have felt that in England , all that is connected with royalty , is subject to the law , and not above it—that the eventual heir to the throne has no exemption from those penalties , which attach upon him , as upon the most obscure inhabitant of the realm . —If by the dispensations of Providence it should hereafter happen that the IX of Y , should rule over this people , it may be well for him , and for us , that in the school of adversity he should have been taught the lessons of temperance and wisdom . Then may he rise , as many of illustrious birth and character have done before him , purified and greater by misfortune : better qualified for the discharge of the important duties he would have to perform . —Sir , I can not be led astray from my duty , by such a consideration , however specious , and however dextrously urged . — Sir , I have been compelled to dwell at considerable length , upon the general topics urged by the right honourable