it the mere cry of ignorance or malevolence ; of wantonness or of faction ; the clamour of persons having their own ends to answer , and not believing what they said ; and of others , believing only because they wished the facts to be true , and were delighted with any thing which tended to lower the great to a level with themselves ? Or did the opinion , in question , include in it much of the sound sense and sober discretion of the country , and proceed from persons not ill qualified to judge , nor likely to have their judgment warped by undue feelings and motives ? If the public opinion was in any considerable degree of the latter description ; as could not , he feared , be denied ; attention was due to it , both on account of the persons themselves , and because , as the very statement implied , an opinion of that sort could not well exist , without some plausible grounds , that it was founded on truth . But , here again , a material question arose . Were the grounds , thus supposed , the mere combination of extraneous circumstances , or were they produced by the conduct of the party himself , acting improperly , though possibly not in a way really to merit the suspicious which he had excited ? However hard it was that any one should fall a sacrifice to unjust suspicions , the hardship was less , and the danger to society less , when the suspicion was grounded on acts of the party , and those acts such as were in their own nature culpable . No one could claim from society the same protection against the consequences of his own misconduct , as was due to a person , who if not wholly guilty , was wholly innocent . This was the distinction which he had taken and acted upon in the case of a noble lord which had formerly fallen under the cognizance of that house . He declared at the time 521 his persuasion , that the noble lord had not been guilty of the gross part of the charge : but he could not deny that ground was laid for the suspicion , by conduct of the noble lord which it was impossible to justify , namely , by the continued departure which he had permitted from the rule laid down in his own Act . Whatever therefore his own conviction might be , he could deny the justness of the suspicion on the part of those , who might have less opportunity of knowing the noble lord than he had : and to that suspicion so formed , so much deference was due , as in combination with the misconduct , which was admitted , warranted the judgment which the house pronounced , even in the view of those , who , like himself , might acquit the noble lord of the grosser part of that which the suspicion imputed to him . The suspicion was just , in respect to those who entertained it , though , it might not be just , in point of fact , in respect to the noble lord . The same reasoning was applicable to the present case . The royal personage must abide the consequences of such a connection as he had formed , and the opportunities which he had afforded to such a testimony as had been given against him . It was not fit that a person of his description and situation should be allowed with impunity to place himself in a slate in which suspicions of the most injurious nature could be entertained against him , by persons of good intentions and of reasonably sound and good judgment . 'Cæsar 's wife ought not to be suspected . ' While he was anxious , therefore , that the house should declare emphatically its disbelief of the accusations brought against his royal highness , he should hear , he must confess , with great delight , that no necessity-existed for any further opinion , but