668 the house , and that if he should so offend , he should be expelled . Now he would not go the whole length of these resolutions , though he was prepared to say that there was much in them which he would wish to see adopted . He felt somewhat of the spirit of those times , and as far as parliament might be pensioned , its decision would not have much weight with him . He would not be terrified from stating these things by the fear of incurring the rebuke of a right hon . secretary ( Mr. Canning ) whom he did not see in his place . He should not be deterred from freely uttering his opinion by any dread of the right hon . gent . 's eloquence , even though he should exercise himself in raking up some obscure and scandalous anecdotes respecting his grandfather or great grandfather . Indeed , he thought it unworthy of that right hon . gentleman 's talents and generosity to attack gentlemen in that manner , and to engage in a species of warfare , in which he must be conscious they should meet him upon unequal terms ; since they had no weapons , with which to retort upon him , in the utter deficiency , as far as his researches into English History had gone , either of authentic facts , or even of traditionary rumours respecting his ancestors . It was his wish therefore to deprecate such unequal encounters , which he should not have anticipated or supposed possible , if recent experience had not proved the contrary , and made it a point of prudence to guard one 's self against them.—With respect to the propriety of the present investigation , he contended that common fame was sufficient ground for proceeding in that house . He could quote several instances in which it had been so declared , and in which such declaration had been acted upon . He said , if inquiries had been instituted even on the grounds of common fame , surely no blame could attach to the honourable mover for having instituted this inquiry , on the foundation which he had for bringing it forward . He knew of the tumult which this inquiry had excited in the public mind . He hoped such an enquiry would not be instituted only to tend to the humiliation of the house ; it would be a sad calamity , weaning the minds of the people from their Representatives , the consequences of which he reared would be tremendous . These consequences might occur when a suppression of them would be impossible . It was far from his wish unnecessarily to condemn the Duke of York : could it be possible to send forth his name unsullied to the 669 public , he would rejoice in it ; he would even , to obtain such an end , vote against his conscience . But that was now impossible—the proofs were before the public , and the public would judge of them , no matter what might be the decision of that house . He had always wished for the removal of the Commander in Chief in the mildest way possible ; but now , since this inquiry had been suffered to proceed as it had done , he hoped the house would not add their humiliation to his disgrace . If this should be the case , he trembled at the result—he knew the people would sink into gloomy and sullen despondency—they would have no confidence in their Representatives— they would say , `` these are men whom we can not trust—men , whom ministerial influence can induce lo varnish over any job . '' They would begin to ask themselves what security they could have against oppression when protected by such men ; and this , perhaps , would be their mildest expostulation ; they might have recourse to other means , which , he hoped to God , they would never be induced or compelled to adopt . He hoped , however , these melancholy anticipations were groundless ,