know what questions would be put to Miss Taylor . It was , therefore , her object , conformably to the plan of the evidence , to give the utmost belief to the Duke 's free communications in the presence of Miss Taylor . Mrs. C. is asked , `` If , in the presence of Miss Taylor , the D. of Y. and yourself ever talked of military promotions ? '' To which she answers , `` I am sure I can not say ; the Duke was very fond of Miss Taylor , and he did not mind what he said before her . '' Now , first of all , it is a little singular that a person who , within three weeks or a little more , had reminded Miss Taylor of French 's levy , should have so little recollection of what the Duke had said before Miss Taylor . In the next place , it was calculated to produce an impression , that the Duke was very open before Miss Taylor , even on military subjects , and that he saw her often , and familiarly . Yet , in the course of the same evening , Miss Taylor , who gives the evidence already stated , respecting the being reminded by 347 Mrs. C. of the conversation respecting French , represents herself as having never heard Mrs. C. and the D. of Y. converse on military promotions . And , in another part of the same testimony , she declares , that she has no memory of any thing that passed in the conversation three weeks ago upon the subject of this conversation which passed nearly four years ago ; and yet she recollects with precision , at this distance of time , the terms and words of that conversation . Now , without imputing to her in this argument any thing that affects her veracity , giving her credit at present for having been in the D. of Y . 's society at Gloucester-place , ( though Mrs. C. 's servant , Pierson , the butler , who was always in attendance when the Duke was there , says that Miss Taylor never was there , ) giving her credit for a regard to truth , as far as her memory will serve her , I conclude , and with confidence too , that the criminating part of this confirming testimony can not be taken to be true . It conies at such a distance of time , from a witness who recollects so little of what has passed recently , with impressions made upon her mind so calculated to give it a bias , that though the witness may , according to her confession , speak true , the declaration which she states , can not be true , but must fall within all the exceptions which I have taken to this sort of evidence , and for which I have cited the greatest authorities . There still remains behind , however , some evidence upon this part of the case , which has not been touched upon by any person who has yet spoken , which seems to bear very strongly on the credit due to the memory of Miss Taylor , and which likewise strongly affects her credibility in point of veracity . In the evidence of Miss Taylor given the first day of her examination , she is questioned particularly as to the time when this conversation took place , and she says it was at the time that she removed with her father 's family from Bayswater to Islington . In order to ascertain when this was , it will be necessary to look particularly to the evidence which she gives as to her places of residence . She says , `` I lived at Chelsea from last Michaelmas twelvemonth . '' This carries the commencement of her residence at Chelsea to Michaelmas , 1807 ; she lived at Kentish-town immediately before that , and she says , `` I lived there not three quarters of a year . '' This carries the commencement of her living