which we all know , and which is true , namely , that col. Knight and col. Brooke exchanged , that 329 col. French had a levy , and so on , but that she procured them for the parties , far less that she informed the Duke that she got money for so doing , must become utterly devoid of credit , and be rejected as untrue , when it rests merely on her unsupported unconfirmed declarations . In the first case , namely , the exchange of col. Knight , the corroborating circumstances by which she means to give credit to her declaration of the Duke 's knowledge of the money transaction , is the slip of paper on which the names were written , and the changing the bank note ; as to the first of these , the slip of paper , my hon . friend near me ( Mr. Whitbread ) seemed to rely on that as a very material circumstance of confirmation . He says , how should she have thought of saying that she shewed the Duke the slip with the names of Knight and Brooke , given her by Dr. Thynne , if she had not done it . Now to my conception this is no feature of confirmation ; she knew then , she may have heard since , that the names were so communicated to her , and it was as easy for her to state that she shewed the paper as that she mentioned the names ; but this is not confirmation of corruption , it is at most only confirmation of interference , and as far as it yet goes is quite innocent , except in this last light . To establish the Duke 's knowledge of the corruption , she introduces the changing of the notes which she received from Mr. Knight . Now it is very material to attend to the detail of the evidence in this part of the case , and I think it will be found that it is accompanied with such circumstances in the representation of it , as to leave it entirely without effect , as evidence of corroboration . In the evidence , Mrs. Clarke says that Dr. Thynne made the proposal to her to get the exchange , and it appears from the Doctor 's evidence and from Mr. Knight 's , that the object was to get her to expedite the exchange , that she was to have 200l . for it , that it was paid after the exchange was gazetted ; Mr. Knight thinks in two notes of 100l . each sent in the morning to her . Mrs. C. says that she told the Duke they were to make her some sort of compliment , but she does not say what it was to be ; but on the evening of the day on which she received the money she intimated to him that she had received it , and she represents that it was sent in a bank note of 200l . Now this representation , which differs from Mr. Knight 's is very material to be attended to , not because it dif- 330 fers from Mr. Knight 's , but because her account of the amount of the note is most important in considering the truth or falsehood of the story which she brings forward to confirm her evidence , and by which she attempts to fix on the Duke , the knowledge of her corrupt dealing . It is farther material to attend to the very words which she uses to establish the Duke 's knowledge of her having received the money . She is asked , `` After receiving the 200l . do you recollect at any time making that known to the Commander in Chief ? Yes , I do.— When did you mention it to him ? The same day.—What passed upon the subject ? I only merely said they had kept their promise.—Did the Commander in Chief know the amount of the money you had received ? He knew the amount , because I shewed him the