defend it against all foreign foes , that any thing that could happen in the ordinary progress of its affairs.—Before he should come more particularly to notice the learned gentleman 's statement , he had an observation or two to make upon a topic which had been adverted to by the right hon . gent . upon the floor . That right hon . gent . had , before the close of the proceed—ing , the minutes of which they were then considering , called upon several general officers , members of that house , and examined them touching the Discipline and State of the Army . That state of the army , as proved in the evidence so ob- 302 tained , the right hon . gent . had urged as a defence of the D. of Y . Admitting the state of the army to be such as was represented , and of his own knowledge , he did not know whether it was or was not so ; admitting all this , however ; whether the army was or was not highly disciplined , had nothing to do with the question . If the punishment of the D. of Y. was the matter in issue , the state of the army might be urged in extenuation ; but it had nothing whatever to do with the matter before the house . Various objections had been started by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , in his able speech , which were purely of a technical nature , against the Address moved by his hon . friend . Amongst others , he had stated what had been stated over and ever before , that as a charge of corruption had been preferred , it was the duty of the house to come to some direct decision upon it , and that they were bound not to flinch from that duty . Now , with regard to this charge of corruption , and the idea of not flinching from their duty , they had but to refer to their journals and records to ascertain how these , points stood . They would then have to oppose record to record , as speech was opposed to speech ; and the comparison would shew the precise state of the case . The record they had then under consideration , was the Report of the proceedings of the Committee appointed to inquire into the conduct of h. r. h. the D. of Y . In that there was no record of a charge of corruption against the Commander in Chief . But if the amendment of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , should be agreed to , then it would appear upon the Journals , when hereafter they might be referred to , that a charge of corruption had been preferred against the D. of Y. in that house , but that the house had gone out of the inquiry without instituting any further proceeding , the charge not having been substantiated . —Another objection started by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , to the Address of his hon . friend , was , that it did not go the whole length which the right hon . gent . desired ; and here he must make an observation upon a remark of that right hon . gent . that the Address was not the Address of his hon . friend , but the production of those who had cooler heads , who thought more , but who wished themselves to flinch from the question . At all times he was an enemy to such insinuations ; more particularly when they 303 were obviously unfounded . He did not know to whom the insinuation applied , or whom the right hon . gent . meant , when he used the words 'cooler heads , ' and applied the denomination 'designing men . ' But it was futile in the extreme to urge such objections . Whoever might have drawn up the Address , it was the measure of his hon . friend