for an instant , and he must inevitably have been immediately committed to Newgate . If in that opinion I am correct 789 as I conceive myself to be , what reason can there be for hesitating as to the propriety of doing that now , which ought to have been done long ago ? General Clavering says , he did not understand the questions that were put to him : now , Sir , I am sure , that those questions were put in the clearest manner that was possible : indeed , they were put by the member for Norwich ( Mr. W. Smith ) , whose acute and clear discrimination is so well known to this house . I will not take up the time of the house by restating the questions , as they have been too much the subject of our attention not to be in the recollection of every gentleman ; but in substance , general Clavering denied every species of communication with Mrs. Clarke on the subject of military promotion or interference . And when the hot ) , member who put those questions emphatically repeated in a different , and , if possible , more clear form , his enquiries into that subject , the answer was positively negative . He was asked to state positively— and he answered positively—that there were no such communications to his knowledge . And , in conclusion , when desired to give a direct answer , he says , `` I do not know of any such transaction . '' Every member of this house who was present at that examination must recollect with what scorn the evidence of Mrs. Clarke began to be treated ; and what might have been the consequences to her if the letters had not come to light , God knows : but at last out came , by the merest accident in the world , letters in the hand-writing of general Clavering on the very subjects which he had denied to have ever been discussed , or on which any communication whatever had taken place . The astonishment in my mind at this contradiction I can not tell how to describe ; for I declare I can not believe it possible , and I dare say there are very few who can ; that general Clavering had totally forgotten that he had ever written letters to Mrs. Clarke on these subjects . I say , Sir , it is , in my opinion , impossible that any man who had been in the habit of writing very familiar letters , such as these were ; speaking of partridge shooting in one , and asking if be can be received in boots , in another ; with a variety of other points , which it is not necessary to take up the time of the house with mentioning ; that he could have forgotten that he had ever had a correspondence with Mrs. Clarke ; and if he remembered , that he had had a correspondence , he must have remembered what 790 was the occasion of that correspondence ; communication with her on the subject of military promotions . Well , but , say those gentlemen who argue in favour of his prevarication not being intentional , general Clavering mistook the questions that were put to him : he thought they applied to personal communication only . Now , Sir , read the letters , what were they about ? What was their object ? Why , the direct purport of many of them is to solicit and appoint a meeting for the purpose of having personal communication on the very subject of military promotions or arrangements . This defence , in my opinion , is the least tenable point of exculpation that could possibly have been assumed ; for say , Sir , that if there is any man who has read those letters , and can believe that no personal communication ever took place between general Clavering and Mrs. Clarke , on the subject of military promotions , he is the most extraordinary man I have ever heard