the measure , as far as it has 830 gone , is fully admitted on both sides of the house ; and although gentlemen may indulge themselves , on the present occasion , in talking of jobs and parliamentary influrence , yet , sure I am , that no such imputation was cast upon the measure at the time of the Union ; but on the contrary , it was perhaps the single measure which , at that important crisis , was received with perfect approbation by both sides of the house . Gentlemen affect to think that the bill proposed to be brought in by my right hon . friend , the outline of which he has given , is merely a bill of patronage , and that no solid or substantial measure is intended to follow it ; if such were really the case , I will candidly admit that the proposed bill would be a measure of extreme absurdity . But what is the fact ? Various lines of Inland Navigation have been proposed , but none of them have been so far matured by the officers whose duty it is to examine and report upon them , as to furnish a justifiable ground for parliament to make a grant to aid their execution . Is it the intention then of gentlemen who profess to approve the principle which has been avowed by my right hon . friend , of aiding the extension of Inland Navigation , by further grants ( after sufficient inquiry shall have been made into the merits of the several lines ) : is it their intention , I say , to prevent such inquiry being made , by the only persons competent to make it ; or are they now ready , without any examination , to vote away the public money ? Such conduct would indeed be justly denominated by the term `` job , '' a figure in speech so familiar to gentlemen . I can not therefore conceive it-possible that the hon . member is serious in saying that he will take the sense of the Committee upon such grounds . '' said , he would not tread over the ground that had been already trodden by others , and should state very shortly his opinion on the subject . Inland Navigation had always been a favourite measure with the parliament of Ireland , but although very large sums had been expended upon that object , yet nothing of importance had been effected , until after the passing of the act now under consideration , which had placed the parliamentary grant of 500,000l . in a Board , capable and willing to do their duty by the public ; a right hon . baronet had spoken of commissioners , without pay ; and an hon . gentleman had suggested that the best mode of encourag- 831 ing Inland Navigation in Ireland was , by in taking the matter up here , and voting money to particular works , in a Committee of that house ; both these methods had been tried in Ireland , and both had failed ; experience ( if that were allowed to have any weight ) would teach them to avoid the two systems which had already failed , and to pursue the one that had succeeded . made a speech that appeared to entertain the Committee , but it was delivered in so low a tone of voice , that we could not catch all the points of it . Among other things , he said , he was ready to admit that the right hon . Secretary 's time had been better employed during the last summer , than in superintending canals , however beneficial ; that the proposed Board of Commissioners , without funds , was like a general without an army , an admiral without a fleet , or a minister without a majority ! and that the money they had expended on the public works was little more than a per centage on their own salaries , ( A laugh . ) He deemed it unnecessary to put the establishment