evidence , but since he saw the evident disposition of 671 the house to come to the question , and as he was aware of the great length to which the debate had been already protracted , he would content himself with merely stating the general grounds on which he would give his vote—a vote which he gave with as much solemnity as if he had been bound by the obligation of an oath . He was now brought to the last stage of the business ; he was compelled to come to a. distinct vole of Aye or No—Guilty or not Guilty , and he was sorry for it , but he would do his duty . Much had been said against the credibility of Mrs. Clarke because she was an accomplice ; but he would ask in the presence of so many legal gentlemen , who could correctly answer , Was she not a witness on whom much greater reliance ought to be placed than on a King 's evidence ? Did she come to the bar covered over with such moral turpitude as the witness who could be subjected to indictment , if he did not give an acceptable testimony ? In cases of life and death the evidence of an accomplice was admitted ; the person who turned king 's evidence was induced to do so by the prospect of saving his own life ; and could any one believe , that anger in a woman like Mrs. Clarke would have as great an effect on her testimony as anxiety to preserve his existence must be supposed to have on the man who turned king 's evidence ? He would not bring forward any particular cases , but it was in his power to adduce instances where the right hon . gent , opposite ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) , had particularly enforced the propriety of resorting to king 's evidence . Much had been said of the bias with which Mrs. Clarke had given her testimony— much of the motives which induced her to give it—much of the contradictions which appeared in it ; he would , however , say , that he knew it to be the opinion of the bar in general , that the evidence of Mrs. Clarke was strong and conclusive . One objection raised against the evidence of Miss Taylor was , that it was a mere evidence of words . It had been ably argued , that such an evidence ought not to have been received , and the observations made would have been well applied where the witness was a principal ; but they were out of their place when made on one only corroborative . In the case of Holloway and Haggerty , who were executed for the murder of Mr. Steele , the only evidence , which was not merely evidence of words , was that of an accomplice , one who had 672 participated in the murder . A Bow street officer deposed , that having been stationed near the place of their confinement , previous to their being brought to trial , he heard them say , that they had `` drank the gin '' at a certain time and place subsequent to the commission of the murder . It was represented , that it was of considerable importance to know whether they spoke of `` the gin , '' or of `` gin '' in a general sense , as having drank some at a certain place , at an indefinite period , as in the one instance it was proved it might relate to the commission of the murder , in the other its connexion with the murder would be done away . On this head the officer was closely examined ; he stated , that situated as he was , he could not distinctly hear , but he thought they said `` the gin ; '' and on this evidence two men were executed . This was a case exactly in point—a case where the witness was an accomplice , a murderer , and where his evidence was supported