second Amendment ( that proposed by Mr. Bankes ) was to set aside the proceeding by Resolution , and restore the original Address . This , he maintained , would be the effect of it ; for though the second Amendment and original Address appeared to be different in some points , yet in substance they were precisely the same , as he would be able to shew presently . He would not ascribe to the hon . member who had just say down any intention of embarrassing the proceedings of the house , by rendering them difficult and intricate ; but if he had any such intention , he certainly could not have adopted any proceeding better calculated to attain such an object than that which he had just submitted to the house . It was intricate and complicated to the last degree . He was satisfied his object rather was to simplify , but he did not think that the Amendment he proposed would have that effect ; yet he would suggest , that as the hon . gent . objected to certain words in the last paragraph of the second Resolution , it might have been a more eligible way for that hon . gent . to have waited until that second Resolution was under the immediate discussion of the house . Instead of the house having to decide upon the original proceeding , namely , the Address , they would have to determine between the two Amendments—He requested the indulgence of the house , while he briefly adverted to the evidence they had heard at their bar . It appeared from this , that Mrs. Clarke had lived with 281 the Duke of York for about two years and a half , and it was made a charge against his royal highness , that during that time she by her agents had engaged in an extended system of corruption relating to promotions in the army , and other appointments . Towards the middle or the end of 1806 , his royal highness found reason to part with this woman , and it was deeply to be regretted that he had not come to this resolution much sooner . These corrupt transactions must therefore have occurred in the interval between the beginning of 1804 and the period when she was discarded . It appeared also from the evidence , that his royal highness had a great affection for this unfortunate woman , and that he placed unlimited confidence in her . The testimony of this woman was the chief support of the different charges that were preferred . Now , for himself , he would say , that he would give no credit whatever to the testimony of Mrs. Clarke , as affecting the D. of Y. , except where it was corroborated by others . She had the strongest motives for endeavouring to destroy the character of the Duke . Wounded pride ; the fallen and embarrassed state in which she was ; revenge , and that fixed hate , which , when it once took root in a female breast , was hardly to be satiated , urged her on and produced those various contradictions in her evidence , which stripped it of all credit . It was not possible , that any man , who was not unaccountably prejudiced by something extraordinary in the manner or habits of that woman , would believe what she said , if it was uncorroborated by other testimony . There w-as one circumstance in this evidence , not hitherto adverted to . It would seem , from her representation , that she was a married woman , who had been seduced from her husband by his royal highness . Her whole life , as far as came within their knowledge , was a direct contradiction to that statement . The Duke of York found her as he had left her . The fact was , that she had previously lived with Mr. Ogilvie , ( or he lived with her ) an army agent , who afterwards became a bankrupt , and from whose hands she came ,