the conclusion , that the Duke of York is guilty to the full extent ? The answer is , that I do admit the truth of her testimony in all the parts to which the description , above given , will apply ; but that the description does not , 502 nor by its nature can , apply to those parts by which alone the Duke of York must stand convicted . It has not been observed sufficiently , that Mrs. Clarke 's evidence must be divided into two great heads , very unequal in hulk , and very unequal in consequence ; and the largest , as it happened , not that which was most important . In all that part of the cause , being nine-tenths or ninety-nine hundredths of the whole , which related to the existence of a corrupt traffic for the disposal of commissions , and to the transactions which took place in consequence , Mrs. Clarke 's evidence deserved the character which he had given of it ; and was , he believed , true . But all this , without further aid , told nothing as to the object of the prosecution , viz . the guilt of the Duke of York ; whom do extent or variety in the existence of the abuse would ever touch , unless it could be shown , in some degree , that he was , or ought to have been , cognizant of it . Now , this it is , that makes what may be called the second part of Mrs. Clarke 's Evidence , to the truth of which , no inference can be drawn from the truth of the first ; for it is subject to none of the same constraints , nor can be judged of by any of the same criteria . It consists of half a dozen sentences , in which she speaks without the possibility of detection or confutation , or indeed , even of contradiction , except from the party himself . When she has told with perfect truth all her transactions with Knight , with Donovan , with Sandon , with Clavering , nay , many with the Duke of York himself , that which is to give effect to the whole , which is necessary to make any part bear upon its object , is a declaration that she in private conversations , ( conversations so private , that nobody was , or , it may be , could have been present , ) had made known all that she had been doing , to the Duke of York . Without this , all the story conies to nothing : and what connection is there between the truth of the story , and the truth of the declaration of her having told that story to a particular person ? Mrs. Clarke ( I am among the first to admit ) , delivers her evidence throughout with the confidence and facility of a person who was speaking truth : but the presumption thence arising , as to the actual truth , is not the same in all the parts of her evidence . Where it relates to matters falling within the cognizance of others , she proceeds fearlessly , she speaks confidently , because she is in fact speak- 503 ing truly ; but in other parts , far more material , she may speak with confidence only because she knows , that whether speaking truly or falsely , she is safe from detection . No one can ever convict her as to the truth or falsehood of declarations , said to have passed only between her and the Duke of York . Here she is covered with a shield of impenetrable darkness : she may say whatever she pleases ; conviction can never reach her . In all the other parts of her evidence , she might safely tell the truth , because the truth was abundantly sufficient for all purposes , if it could he shown only that the Duke was acquainted with it . It must never be forgot , that the proof of