that might startle even the mind of a libertine , with whom any sense of propriety and decency remained . ( Loud cries of Hear ! hear ! ) This case bore hard upon every part of the charge ; it answered every part of the defence ; the improbability , the common sense , the character of the D. of Y. ; What arguments can be drawn from these topics that can weigh a hair after this ? Then with regard to the case of col. Shaw , the hon . member for Cambridgeshire had said that the whole had been conducted according to official regularity and at the recommendation of sir H. Burrard ; but at all events it proved the general impression on the army as to the influence of Mrs. C. ; here was col. Shaw 's 384 testimony , what did he think ? What was the impression throughout the army . The Secretary at War had endeavoured to shew that there was nothing wrong in the conduct of h. r. h. towards major Turner ; but he never could do away the Duke 's having listened to the application of such a person as Mrs. Sinclair Sutherland , and of having in consequence interrupted the views , whatever they were , of major Turner , and not being able to do it away he had endeavoured to justify it . Now here was no excuse for the Duke , no weakness , no frailty , no attachment , and he could attribute it to nothing but a total absence of all feeling of justice and of all care for the welfare and happiness of an officer . Mrs. Sutherland 's letter said `` major Turner de- '' peuds on Greenwood to get it done , but `` I depend upon you that it shall not , '' and says `` she hoped h. r. h. would not refuse `` her such a trifle . '' This she called a trifle ; to interfere and interrupt an officer 's views , whatever they may be , ( in this case resignation ) , this woman considers a trifle ; is it possible to suppose when she asks this as a trifle , that she had not been in the habit , during her favour , of asking things of much greater consequence ? He knew nothing of military matters , and had no acquaintance with military habits ; but if officers in the army were to be harrassed and injured by such persons as these , and liable from information derived from such impure sources to be called to account not for any breach of military duty , but on charges of such a description and from such quarters as this , he must say that he could conceive no situation of life more base , abject , and contemptible than that of officers in the army , and it was high time that some remedy should be applied to such an evil . Here is a meritorious officer , of long service , excellent character , and a gallant gentleman , injured and insulted by Mrs. Sinclair Sutherland , because h. r. h. thinks it a small favour to do injustice to an officer on such a request and on such an account ; major Turner felt himself so cruelly injured , and having come to a knowledge of the quarter from whence the secret shaft was levelled at him , that , full of indignation at such unworthy treatment , it appeared he had written to I col. Gordon , threatening , like major Hogan , to expose this scandalous conduct of the Duke towards him . It was , too , odd enough that the complaint against him was his having behaved ill to a lady ; what 385 the Commander in Chief could have to do with this he could not imagine , and he should have thought h. r. h. was not the person to set himself up as a rigid moralist in that way . What had been his conduct to the woman who had appeared at the bar