not agree with those who thought that there was any reason to remove his royal highness from his situation ; but still the idea of proposing an Address , proved that he did not mean this Resolution as a termination of the proceedings . He denied that there was any inconsistency in his proceeding . If the determination should be that there was corruption on the part of his royal highness , then it would be for the house to consider , whether there was not reason for sending him to a subsequent trial . But , whatever might be the result of this motion , it was not inconsistent with any other motion of a more general nature on the other grounds in the charges . When the house came to consider the Address there could be no obstruction whatever to the proposition of an Amendment . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) understood him correctly , when he said , that he , if the Louse concurred with him , would not , on the other grounds , decline the services of the Duke of York as Commander in Chief . He had no wish whatever to disguise this feeling , although he was sorry that there were several who were prepared to negative the charge of corruption , who would not go with him to that extent . The Duke of York had , for a period of sixteen years , tilled an important office with credit to himself , and more benefit to the country than almost any other who could have held it . Of this the statement of the hon . general over the way ( Ferguson ) was a proof , who admitted the great advantages which the army had derived from the Duke of York , although his sense of duty compelled him to vote against him on the present occasion . In the present critical times , when so much depended on the army , it was an object , undoubtedly , to retain his royal highness in his present situation . That this advantage might be counterbalanced by other circumstances he was prepared to allow ; but this , gentlemen would have an opportunity of considering , in the motion for an Address . But in the vote to which the house was now coming , nothing of that sort was involved , and in that gentlemen might perfectly concur , without being at all bound to concur in the Address which would follow . The Resolution being put , hoped that the house would allow him to state the constitutional doctrine respecting the course of its proceedings , which was to be found in the records of parliament . He agreed that 666 the house could not pronounce final sentence . Upon reference however to a precedent that took place in the beginning of Charles I . ( and it would be well for the ministers and the house to consider the occurrences of that unhappy period ) , he found the authority of the house accurately defined by a decision in the second year of that prince 's reign , that the house was not competent to give definitive judgment , but that its privileges only extended to inquiry and presentation . In this definition of its authority he fully agreed . With respect to the question , whether they ought to proceed by Address or Resolution , he would prefer the former , as more respectful to the feelings of the sovereign , and more effective for the general purpose . He coincided in the sentiments that had been expressed , respecting the characters of princes—that their character was public property ; that it was the character of the nation . True , it was so . The glory which they acquired reflected upon us ; but whenever they dishonoured themselves , did not their disgrace redound upon us also ? Such must be the feeling of every man with a drop of British blood in his veins . Thinking thus , he would rather have been spared the necessity of making the