been actuated 306 by malice and revenge . It was a strange proof of malice and revenge , as that hon . gent , had well observed , to have spent days in burning the proofs—and from those which had accidentally been saved , it was pretty clear of how much importance these proofs might be . The right ; hon . gentlemen had argued upon the fewness of the cases which had been produced . If practices of this kind had been permitted , he said , ten thousand such cases might have happened in the time when the D. of Y. and Mrs. C. lived together , and the table might be groaning under the load of charges which might be brought forward ; —why—if the documents had not been destroyed , if memory had not failed , as it was proved to have done in many instances , it was likely that many more charges of a similar kind might have offered . But the documents had been destroyed , the memory of many cases was past , and the wonder was not , that so few had been produced , but that they were so numerous , and that the proof was at all so complete . He should next remark upon the offensive terms in which the manner of bringing this business forward had been observed upon , and his hon . friend represented as the agent of Mrs. C. Those who held such language could not of their own knowledge know any thing of the matter , and , in his opinion , they had no right to represent the case as they had done . But , the fact was , that the case was directly the reverse . His hon . friend had been in town preparing these cases , and providing the materials of bringing them to some effectual issue , long before he had known Mrs. C. He had acted upon the occasion , in an open , fair , manly , and patriotic manner , which justly entitled him to the thanks of that house , and to the gratitude of the country . In the progress of his inquiries , his hon . friend found that he could not substantiate , by proof , the cases he was investigating , until he could find Mrs. C. The difficulties he had to encounter in his progress , were such as would have deterred from persevering in his purpose any person of a less decisive character , or of a mind not so courageous . Some time elapsed before Mrs. C. could be found ; whatever gentlemen might think , there was some difficulty in finding that lady . ( A laugh ; and hear , hear ! ) He stated what was the fact— ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) — What he knew to be the fact . ( Hear , hear ! ) I Mrs. C. was his hon . friend 's witness . It 307 was he that brought her to their bar . It was to support his charges , and at his instigation , that she was called to give the evidence which she had done at the bar of that house . He should here state by the way , that it bad been objected against Mrs. Favery 's evidence , that it was marked by forgetful-Hess . Was that the failing of Mrs. C. 's testimony ? fie could appeal to the recollection of the house , whether want of memory had been the defect in her evidence , or whether she had not in every case , outrun the progress of examination , and detailed circumstances often by no means connected with the immediate subject of inquiry ? A great part of the matter in proof had come out as it were by accident , in her various examinations ; and , however extraordinary some of her declarations appeared at the time , they had all turned out to be founded in fact . Many of the cases had been mentioned by her when site had every reason to