that `` she will not venture to say , that these occasional sums did not amount to 5,000l . '' What she will not venture to contradict , may , I think , be fairly presumed to be true . She lived at Gloucester-place about two years and two months ; and when the D. of Y. had bought and furnished the house , sent in wine , paid the chief , tradesmen 's bills , bought a carriage , given 441 1,320l . for linen and plate , presented her with large presents of various kinds , and given her besides the 2,000l . per anu . upwards of 5,000l . in cash , I think , sir , he may be well forgiven , for supposing that he defrayed the expense of her establishment ; and really it seems to me , that , if he be censurable , it is for profusion and prodigality , rather than for a mean or ungenerous spirit . The Duke 's case is , in this point , peculiarly hard ; and whichever way he turns , he is sure to meet the accusation of his candid opponent . Does it appear that he allowed Mrs. C. but a thousand a-year , then he is the basest of mankind to eat at her table , live at her house , enjoy all the extravagant luxury of her establishment , with a certain knowledge that he was sharing the produce of infamy . If h. r. h. refutes this odious charge , then , sir , the indignation is directed , not against the witness who belied him , but against his Iavish folly and injustice , who spends the money of the people , the earnings of the poor , the produce of our public burthens , on a prostitute . I do not enter the lists to defend h. r. h. from the charge of improper expenditure on this woman ; but let us not at once , censure him for this offence , and give credit to her who has charged him with the contrary . `` The Duke , '' she goes on to say , `` must have been aware that 1,000l . would not keep my establishment , because I convinced him early , that it did not pay the servants ' wages and liveries . '' How she contrived to convince the Duke of this fact , I can not guess ; I am sure she can not convince the house . We know that Mrs. C. had but six servants , a butler , a coachman , and a footman , an housekeeper , and two { I presume ) other female servants . We have seen the three men at our bar , and certainly none of them appear entitled to extraordinary wages . The housekeeper , Mrs. Favery , we also know ; and she , it appears , received no wages at all . And as to liveries , however expensive they may have been , it appears that only the coachman and footman wore them . How , then , is it possible , that 1,000l . could be spent on the wages of five servants , and the liveries of two ? The noble lord opposite ( lord Folkestone ) , to support Mrs. C. 's statement , says , that he himself could not keep such a house as Mrs. C. 's under many thousands a-year ; but the noble lord owns that he is but a bad economist : with all his want of economy , however , I should be sorry to 442 hear the noble lord say that he could not make 1,000l . go further than this . The fact is , that Mrs. C. has here , as every where else , sacrificed all truth and probability to the temptation of casting even a momentary shade over h. r. h. 's character . She now reaches the very pinnacle of her audacity . Having by insinuations , as well as direct charges , arraigned h. r. h. of having connived at her corruption