have warmly interested my feelings ; and it is with pride and pleasure that I congratulate , not Mr. Carter alone , nor the Duke of York , but the army , the house , and the country , that infallible evidence has thus equally wiped off every stain from the character of the individual , and the honour of the service . I now come to the consideration of the Case of Major Tonyn ; which has been already so ably disposed of , that I shall only consider it as commented upon , and explained by , another case , which Mrs. Clarke has not thought it advisable herself to bring forward , but which I think a very important one ; I mean that of captain Spedding , who , it appears by her correspondence with Sandon , was , together with a captain Bacon , in treaty with her for majorities at the same time with Tonyn . These contemporaneous cases throw great light on each other , and afford reciprocal refutation . 455 And here , once for all , let me repeat what I before alluded to in Carter 's case ; the necessity of a strict attention to dates . I beseech the house to observe this remarkable feature of Mrs. Clarke 's testimony , that , with all her ability and strength of memory , she scarcely ever could be induced to recollect either time or place ; that in every instance she has evaded every thing that could bring her evidence to these standards of truth . She could not remember when she first became acquainted with his royal highness ; `` she could make no guess as to the time ; '' her first intimacy with a Prince of the Blood was a matter of too little importance to dwell on her memory . She could not recollect when , or how long , she lived at Tavistock-place ; when she removed to Park-lane , or what time she staid there ; nay , the circumstances of her taking possession of a magnificent house in Gloucester-place , with such a splendid establishment , under the protection of his royal highness the Duke of York , was an æra of such slight note in the history of her life , that she could not even guess when it had happened . The celebrated wish of the Poet of the Bathos is fulfilled in her favour ; and `` time and space are both annihilated '' for her convenience . All those that followed her , `` hand passibus æquis , '' I allow , her friends , companions , and servants , were all afflicted with the same forgetfulness ; they could remember nothing , but some naked circumstances against the Duke of York . Miss Taylor herself , that pattern witness , has a most faithless memory for all things but one ; and only recollects what any other person might be expected to forget . But , Sir , all this oblivion , and all this obscurity , have not been entirely successful ; a trace of recollection , a ray of light , now and then developes or illumines the dark mazes of their falsehood . Slight circumstances have escaped their wariness ; and facts , seemingly unimportant , have Jed us to the discovery of valuable truths . The greater part of Mrs. Clarke 's notes to Sandon are without date ; but they , in general , afford means of discovering the time that they were written ; sometimes by the external post-mark ; at others by internal evidence , such as the mention of some events , the period of which is known by reference to the publications of the day . By these , and similar means , the dates of all the most important of these notes are ascertained ; and from this I deduce some , on 456 my mind at least , impressive conclusions . In them we find many particulars of her negociations with Tonyn , with Spedding , and Bacon , and with others , which I need not