discontinuing the levy , the language in which it was conveyed does not afford an argument to that effect , especially when put against the act itself , ( which was the real injury ) which had been long resolved upon ; and the resolution having been announced two months and more before the accomplishment of it , gave room for such communications as might have excited apprehension if there had been guilt ; yet nothing of the kind appears . I now come to the question of the purchase of the plate , and the corroboration supposed to be derived from the mode in which it was paid . This testimony was opened by the hon . gent , on the day on which he preferred his Charges , and must have proceeded distinctly from the information of Mrs. Clarke . It was meant to shew that the D. of Y. knew of the first payment for the plate being made by Mrs. C. ; and that he knew that it was made by money derived from French for having promised him his levy , that the Duke by paying the balance must have known the source from whence Mrs. C. derived the money , which made the first payment.—In order to shew how fallacious this part of the confirmatory testimony is , it is necessary to examine the account , and to discuss the evidence which relates to it . The sum total at the debit side is 1821l . and a fraction . The first payment 011 the credit side is 500l . said to be paid by Mrs. C. from French 's money . Now it is material to observe , that this payment was made on the 18th of May , 1804 ; from whom it comes does not appear on the face of the account , only that the account is entitled as the account of Mrs. Clarke . The next payment is 200l . the 12th of July , by a bill at two mouths , but whose bill does not appear on the face of the ac- 339 count ; but it is to be remarked , that there is a long interval between the first and second payment , consequently whatever connexion the D. of Y. may have with the second payment , there is no necessary connexion between the first and the second , from which to infer , or even to conjecture , that he knew any thing of the sort . Having made these observations , respecting the account , I must now turn to the evidence of Mr. Dockery . That witness is asked `` Whether lie knows that the plate was sent to Gloucester-place for the inspection of the D. of V. and Mrs . Clarke ? '' he answers , `` Not to my recollection . '' `` Whether he recollects the D. of Y. and Mrs. C. going to Birkitt 's to examine the plate ? No . `` —There is then no evidence whatever of the D. of Y. having ever Keen the plate in company with Mrs. C. or any evidence of his having ever seen it at all.— The witness is next asked as to the payment of the plate . He says , 500l . was paid when delivered , the remainder was settled by bills at different dates . He does not know by whom the 500l . was paid : but it was paid in two notes of 300l . and 200l . The evidence then is entirely defective as to who paid the money ; and whoever paid it , there is not the smallest proof that the D. of Y. was privy to its payment ; nor is it to be inferred , or conjectured even , that it was known any how to h. r. h. that it was paid on account of She plate ; and the account is not one to which the D. of Y. had any access , or with which he had any privity.—The witness then says , `` That the bills by which the remainder was paid , were