examination , when questioned respecting Carter , she said , with one of her laughs , which some ap- 492 proved , while others were disgusted at them , `` O ! he is now upon the staff , '' plainly indicating , by her manner , that that was another impropriety added to the former impropriety of his original appointment . On that account the hon . member was not inclined to give her all the credit for her conduct which some had attributed to it . The manner bespoke a feeling which he was not prepared to respect . Some observations had gone forth upon that case , tending to sow dissensions in the army , and amounted to a flagrant abuse of the liberty of the press . He would decline any examination of the evidence respecting Samuel Carter , as that case seemed to be disclaimed by the friends of the hon . gent . who brought forward the charges . He applauded the honourable manner in which a gentleman on the opposite bench ( Mr. Whitbread ) had spoken on that subject . He trusted his manly sentiments would counteract the mischief that was likely to arise from bringing forward a subject calculated to sow dissension in the army , to weaken the tie between the officer and the soldier . As to the testimony of col. Gordon , he had but one word to say upon it ; it was perfectly unimpeachable ; some gentlemen , however , upon the opposite side , appeared to cast reflections upon it , but they did not apply . He ( Mr. Long ) had frequent intercourse with him in his official capacity ; and he could say , if ever there was a man who dedicated his life to the service of the public and the duties of his office , that man was col. Gordon . The first Address he thought objectionable , because it went to pronounce judgment without defining the crime ; the other he thought objectionable , because it charged the Duke of York with suspicion , and drew a distinction , incomprehensible to him . If he did suspect , ought he not to have inquired into the corruption he so suspected ? A man might refuse to look into the state of his affairs , if they were desperate , but would it , therefore , be said , that that man was not in debt ? An hon . gent . had said , that it was not of corruption he accused the Duke of York , but of admitting an influence injurious to the public service ; if that was , indeed , all , they should take the good as well as the bad , into account , and they would find the good to preponderate . Did the nation , he asked , intend the removal of the Duke of York ? If it did , it ought to say so ; it ought not to effect the destruction of his character without trial : 493 if they supposed even the case of the meanest individual , either with respect to life or property , and that evidence was to be sent out to the public , as upon this occasion , accompanied with all the documents that ingenuity or malice could furnish , he asked , whether justice would be done to the individual ? Gentlemen upon the opposite side might say , it is true , you can make much out of the evidence , but the feeling of the country is against him , and that is to counterbalance your defence ; they might say that , and in saying so , they would be only repeating arguments he had heard a thousand times in the street . A noble lord had expressed a wish , that they might be swayed by no private affection , but act like honourable men ; he hoped so too , he joined in that wish most ardently . He knew that princes often gave themselves greater latitude in their conduct than other men ; but at