irrelevant questions , with which her temper might have been disturbed ; having been sifted to the very bran for her knowledge of the circumstances , to which she had been privy , respecting Mrs. C. and the D. of Y. we are told by the greatest authorities in the house , that she is not to be believed . Not to be believed ! For what reason ? The accusation of Smith has been completely dissipated by himself . Aye , very true ; but Miss Taylor was acquainted , intimately acquainted , with Mrs. Clarke . She was her associate and companion . Upon this important accusation I have three short observations to make . First , if Miss Taylor had not been acquainted with Mrs. C. she never could have been examined at the bar of the house ; she could have had nothing to tell . 2dly , The same objection might be urged against every other person who has been acquainted with Mrs. C. ( Do the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the learned Judge see , how dangerous it is to proclaim the contagion of her acquaintance ; how dangerous to affix indelible infamy on all those who have been so unfortunate as to become accidentally known to that woman ? ) —and 3dly , If Miss Taylor 's acquaintance with Mrs. C. is to stamp her with discredit , was it not worse than superfluous in the right hon . gent. , was it not absurd and cruel to torment a witness , who could not utter a word to be believed , with questions about Mrs. C. and Mrs. Favory , her father and her mother , about her own legitimacy , and an infinity of circumstances , which excited disgust at the time , and which appeared to have no relation to the question before us ? ( I said , during the examination , that whatever the appearances might be , I could not , in my own mind , decide , whether the right hon . gent . was , or was not , unnecessarily harsh towards Miss Taylor , because I did not know how far the issue might , or might not , justify the course he took . I am now ready to express my decided opinion , that the line of examination was oppressive ) . Those gentlemen , who now so loudly exclaim against the credibility of Miss Taylor , because she was intimate with Mrs. C. , and who were amongst the foremost and most pertinacious of her cross-examiners , have betrayed some want of judgment , in bringing forward this charge after she has answered every question they chose ? 215 to put to her . To have given any force to what they now assert , they should have stopped , the moment her intimacy with Mrs. C. was announced . Then it was they should have protested against her evidence . What , intimate with Mrs. C. ? There is an end of you ! You are not a credible witness ! We shall not ask you another question . Let those examine you , who chose so to waste their time . You are intimate with Mrs. C. and we shall not give credit to one word you say . We protest against you . Had the gentlemen seized that moment , there would have been something like consistency in their conduct . Instead of acting in that manner , they called her back , and the very first question put , on her re-examination , was , Have you not said you were very intimate with Mrs. Clarke , and frequently visited in Gloucester-place ? Yes . Away they then went into a long examination . Sir , the conduct of those who persevered in the second examination of Miss Taylor , after the discovery I have mentioned , either in the hope that she might contradict herself , or that something might be extracted from her favourable to the cause which they defend ; and who now tell you that Miss Taylor is not to be believed