because it is not sufficiently decisive ; meaning , if in this place any meaning such an expression has , that it is not sufficiently severe against h. r. h. But , if my hon . friend had adopted language less mild , I am confident we should have been told 169 of the cruelty of addressing the throne in terms unnecessarily harsh . `` Could you not adopt a milder tone ? '' `` What necessity for harsh language , the meaning would have been perfectly intelligible without it ? '' and such remarks would have been well applied . Sir , this is but a common-place way of meeting any proposition , however framed . It is couched in terms of mildness , and therefore is not sufficiently direct and manly . Had the false and affected manliness for which these gentlemen are now such advocates , been adopted , they might then with some shew of justice have made the outcry we should have been sure to have heard against it for its severity and harshness . I think , the language of the address now before us , is in the just medium between the extremes ; it is decorous to the throne , and at the same time expressive of a determined spirit on the part of the commons . Sir , the long experience , and known parliamentary skill of the right hon . gentleman render it beneath him to talk of entrapping members into a vote for the whole of the address of my hon . friend , when they do not believe the charges of corruption brought against the D. of Y. ; because the address also contains assertions relative to other parts of the conduct of h. r. h. which they think deserving of censure . I was even surprized that the learned judge should have condescended to state , that a majority might vote for this address , upon different and even contradictory grounds . How little acquaintance with parliamentary form does it require to avoid such a snare . Amend the address ! leave out the parts which charge a knowledge of corrupt practices , and retain the rest ! You , who think that of the corruption proved , it was possible he should be ignorant : yet agree with us in declaring that after such influence as has been unquestionably demonstrated , it is not expedient he should remain at the head of the army ! Thus the Gordian-knot is untied , the snare is thus easily escaped . But , sir , it was never planted . Observe too , that the right hon . gent . has a formidable lecture ready for h. r. h. The Duke does not escape without chastisement from his hands . He wishes the house of commons gravely to submit to the throne that `` under the cover of a connexion formed by h. r. h. the existence of which has caused in us the most sincere regret and concern , transactions of the most criminal and disgraceful mature have been carried on : and that an 170 opportunity has been thus afforded of coupling the name of the D. of Y. with such transactions ; whereby the integrity of his conduct in the discharge of the duties of his high office has been brought into question . '' We are all agreed then , as to the fact thus strongly stated in the proposed address of the right hon . gent . If that be so , we say , the D. of Y. can not , retain his office , it would be dangerous to the public that he should do so . No , says the right hon . gent. , it is so , but it would be contrary to the interests of the country that he should be removed from his office . Let the house and the country judge between us . But I think I have shewn the accusation against my hon . friend on the structure of his address to be ill founded . Sir , for the whole of that address