me , and was asked by the Duke ( to whom he went upon the subject of a loan on mort * gage of 10,000l . ) whether he knew Mr. Adam of Bloomsbury-square . Mr. com- 319 rie answers thus : — '' I said not personally , but by reputation I knew him to be a man of very high character . I shortly afterwards called on Mr. Adam—we proceeded to discuss the business—Mr . Adam said h. r. h. had occasion for that sum , I think he said to complete the payment of some tythes in the vicinity of Oatlands ; and that h. r. h. 's solicitors , Messrs. Farrers , would send me the abstract , which they did . In the mean time I applied to a rich client , who agreed to lend the money . The abstracts were referred to a conveyancer by me , who made some queries . In the mean time the money was ready to be advanced ; and the abstracts were returned to Messrs. Farrers to answer the queries ; but they were never sent back to me , and the loan was afterwards declined , and Messrs. Farrers desired me to send in my bill . '' Here again I think the house will be satisfied that I have been confirmed most positively by Mr. Comrie ; a witness called by the promoters of these charges under the express declaration that he was to contradict , not what I had given in evidence , but what I had stated in a speech . The next matter of which I am accused by the noble lord is for inconsistency in the evidence which I gave in Kennett 's case . Now I must submit to the house that it is not quite correct in the noble lord , to charge that evidence with inconsistency which is characterized only by want of recollection ; there was nothing that should have fixed my recollection particularly to that case , I had very little share in it , and had left town immediately on its commencement , and did not return till its conclusion . I stated to the house in my evidence that until the first witness to it , Mr. Duff , by something he said , and by the description he gave of Kennett , recalled it to my memory , that it had totally escaped me that such a person or such a transaction had ever existed . Mr. Duff 's testimony had revived my memory , and when two short notes of mine were put into my hand by the noble lord , and a short letter written from my residence in Scotland , my memory became more clear : but I can not say that even now , after all that has been said on the subject , that I have any distinct memory respecting it ; a circumstance which will not seem strange to those who are accustomed to go through much business ; but surely there is nothing in all this nor in any of the evidence which I 320 gave on that subject , that warrants the charge of my having given inconsistent or contradictory testimony on the subject of Kennett 's loan . The next charge made against me by the noble lord , is , that I gave an inconsistent account of the cause of the Duke 's separation from Mrs. C. Here again I am confident that I shall satisfy the house , that the noble lord 's charge against me is without foundation.—The noble lord said that I put it upon the ground of pecuniary matters , and that it was because her conduct had prejudiced h. r. h. 's name , with regard to money . And when Mr. Lowden and Mr. Wilkinson were called , they did not confirm me in that part of my evidence . The house will give me leave to observe that I stated the circumstance of money , as one ingredient only in the cause of separation ; that I stated the account of Mrs. C. 's conduct in