address in the newspaper . '' `` What conversation passed between Mrs. Clarke and you , when you called upon her ? `` — '' I lamented the situation in which I found her placed , as to the notoriety of this ; that I had always told her , I was fearful it would become known ; and she said , the D. of York , to the best of my recollection , had driven her to it by not paying her debts , and not being punctual in the annuity , as she termed it , that she was to receive from 82 him . '' `` She told you that the D. of York had driven her to this proceeding by not paying her debts , and not being punctual in the annuity that she was to receive from him ? `` — '' I do not know that she said he had driven her to it ; my conversation was as short as possible ; merely to request that I might not be called upon . '' The house will now bear in memory , that it is incontestibly proved , that the very night of Mr. Dowler 's arrival in town , Mrs. C. found him out , came to his hotel , and passed the night with him ; and with this fact in their minds , they will have to determine what credit is due to Mr. Dowler 's testimony , when he gives us to understand that he had only seen her on the Sunday ; that his only anxiety was to find out where Mrs. C. lived , to request that he might not be called as a witness , and that he only knew where to find her , by seeing her direction in a newspaper ; and that his conversation , when he did see her , was as short as possible , only to request that lie might not be called upon . Is it not manifest , that the story , and all the particulars respecting the purchase of the commissariat , might have been framed between Mr. Dowler and Mrs. C , at the midnight scene at Reid 's hotel ? We perceive how much it was the object of the witness , to disguise the truth , to have it supposed that he had seen her but once for a moment , since his return from Portugal , and then for the express purpose of preventing his being called as a witness ; and is it possible to conceive a greater falsification of the truth ? and can you look at these circumstances and say , that you would whip a dog upon the evidence of such a witness ? Let him stand as fair as he can from the character of the hon . gent . who gave him so good a character just after he had convicted him of a falsehood ; let him , after having quitted the stock exchange in a way which it is generally understood throws a blemish on a man 's character , yet be considered as coming to our bar as immaculate as he may choose to represent himself ; still , if we find him thus false in his testimony , acting or assuming a false character , before us ; if we find him representing himself as a person dragged to your bar , as an unwilling witness , wishing you to believe , that those facts are reluctantly extorted from him , which he unquestionably comes forward most willingly to divulge ; if you find him attempting to impose upon you , by stating , that he went to Mrs. C. to request she 83 would not bring him forward , when if he had not wished to be brought forward , he had nothing to do but to keep out of her way ; when you find him so conducting himself , is there any man amongst us , who can say , or who can think , that his evidence ought to be relied on ? or , that all these misrepresentations