it their strenuous desire to have disseminated in every part of the kingdom . Although anxious foe the deliberate and unbiassed judgment of that house ; he still would on all occasions be swayed by mind , and not by situation . In this country , he trusted 485 the time would never arrive when these public feelings would be disregarded . On this occasion he felt himself bound to coincide with the opinion of the people , and therefore was determined , in the face of his Country and his God , to give his vote in favour of the original Address . said , that he would occupy the time of the house but for a few moments . He had prepared himself to speak to many points of the evidence , and would have begged their attention for a longer space , if the able and perspicuous manner in which it had already been treated by his right hon . friends , did not render it unnecessary and even unpardonable , for him to retrace what they had so fully established . So unnecessary did he deem his remarks to the advancement of the cause to which he was favourable , that he would not have trespassed even for the few moments he intended , if he had not been called up by an allusion to precedents , which , in his opinion , were not correctly quoted . The hon . gent who had just sat down , undertook to defend the Address , by an appeal to the time of king William , from which he professed to have drawn a precedent in support of the present proceeding . He ( Mr. Rose ) was as favourably disposed to the time of king William as the hon . gent , could possibly be ; but if he were not mistaken , that precedent was drawn from the time of Charles II . to which he was not quite so partial . He believed that the hon . gent . 's recollection had failed him in this particular , and that the precedent upon which he so much depended was not to be found in so happy and constitutional a period of our history as he conceived , when he produced it to the house . The hon . gent . had said , that the house upon that occasion addressed his majesty to remove the four lords from his councils and presence for ever ; but when the hon . gent , stated this , he had not stated the whole of the case , for the house of lords took up the case and remonstrated upon the occasion ; they said it was unjust that the accused peers should be condemned without a trial ; and the result was , that their remonstrance was successful , and the Lords were not removed . There was another circumstance too to be considered which detracted much from the force of this appeal to precedent , and that was , that the whole course of the precedents , after that time , were all against the hon . gent . 's position ; in the case of the duke of Marlborough , in the case of lord Halifax , in 486 the case of lord Wharton , they were all against him ; this , when combined with the failure of the former precedent , when pushed to its application , defeated that part of the argument which was attempted to be built upon precedent.—He had stated upon rising , that he would not go into the evidence , and would observe that promise ; one observation , however , he would make before he sat down , upon the case of Dowler ; he had wished that the executors of Mr. Pitt should be applied to , as he thought that if the recommendation did not appear in some of the books in their possession , the fact would be established that he was promoted according to the regular course . He had consulted with the executor of the late Mr. Pitt , and ascertained that