, she has therefore forfeited all pretensions to credit ? How base and unworthy a decision should we thus make ? Sir , I need hardly call to your recollection , the illustration given by the Spectator of the general injustice of men towards the weaker sex ; of the licentious freedom with which they treat the female character , and of their grounds of retaliation , if they had but the same means of giving them vent . The reply of the lion to the sculptor carries too keen an edge , I think , not to have been felt by every man who reads it . Of the treatment of those wretched outcasts from all the dignity , the ties , the comforts and endearments of social life , whom men first pretend to worship , then ruin , and then hold in contempt and abomination , I can not speak in terms sufficiently strong to express my sense of its grievous injustice , or of their hard fate , and deplorable wretchedness . Shall we add to their miseries , the overwhelming disgrace of a total incapacity to utter truth ? If the case were reversed , and they were to sit in judgment on men ; which of them would not be able to convict some one man of perjury , of the basest and most detestable kind ? But we all demand to be believed upon our oaths ; aye , and upon our honours too . True it is , from step to step some prostitutes are led to such a total depravation of the moral sense , that their powers of distinguishing between truth and falshood are utterly extinguished , and from the circumstance of their initiation in one vice , they become capable of all . Let us recollect , however , that we have had examples of great depravity exhibited before us from other descriptions of witnesses . That the conviction of depravity in one , or more than one , of a particular class or profession , does not disqualify the whole of that body . If it did , I fear that Captains would fare ill hereafter in courts of justice , fur we have capt . Sandon now confined in Newgate expiating the offence of his gross prevarication at your bar . Alas , sir , could we believe even General Officers , if the fault of one were to disqualify all ? Gen. Clavering we can not be- 174 lieve , and if bound by the rules of impartial justice , because we can not believe him , he must be sent to Newgate also . Chastity is a great virtue , but there is a commandment as binding as the one which imposes the obligation of chastity , wherein it is said , `` Thou shall not bear false witness against thy neighbour . '' Sir , there is nothing in the character of the life led by Mrs. C. which disqualifies her as a witness in a court of justice . In cases of property , witnesses of her description have often given decisive testimony . There happens to be a remarkable instance which but lately occurred in the courts below , where two decisions were given in the case of a will , upon the sole testimony of such a witness ; and her veracity was not then questioned , nor has it since been impeached * . The instances are innumerable wherein convicts have suffered death on the sole testimony of witnesses of a lower degree , and of more dissolute lives . Mrs. Clarke then , Sir , appears to me , to be a witness , whose testimony must have weight , although she is stiled an accomplice , and although she has led a dissolute life . It is not for either of those two reasons that you can strike your pen through the evidence she has delivered . The Chancellor of the Exchequer has boldly stated , that in the whole course of his professional life , he never met with a witness so wholly unworthy of credit as