let any man refer to the language of gen. Whitelocke 's letter and then let him say , whether there is any thing in that letter which shews any improper disposition to indulge col. French ? It will always be recollected , that it was owing to the expence of the recruiting Serjeants , and so few men having at the time been raised , that this levy appeared to be so disadvantageous to the public . H. r. h. determined , on the 2d of Feb. , to discontinue it , if a very considerable increase should not take place within a limited period . On the 11th of April , a formal complaint is made by the Inspector-general of the recruiting service for the London district , and within a very short time afterwards , gen. Whitelocke communicates to col. Gordon , that he had been disappointed in his expectation with respect to the levy , and he desires it should be given up . But what is the language of the letter of h. r. h. on the subject ? It seems the D. of Y. is to be presumed to be guilty , because he did not express himself in terms of more violence . Is there any thing which the D. of Y. could have said , that could have given a stronger complexion to his disapprobation ? Or , was there anything that called upon him to have recourse to more violent measures , or to adopt a different character of expression , from that which is to be found in his letter to the Secretary at War ? It is dated on the 16th of April , 1805 , and is in these words : — '' Sir , as it appears by the return of col. French and capt . Sandon 's joint-levy , that it is not by any means so productive as might have been expected , and as the inspector-general of the recruiting service has represented , that the conduct of the whole of the temporary Serjeants of that levy , now in the London district , is highly improper and detrimental to the service , I have recommended to his majesty , and his majesty has been graciously pleased to approve of this levy being forthwith discontinued , agreeable to a clause of the letter of service to that effect ; and I have therefore to request , that the necessary information may be given to col. French and capt . Sandon accordingly . I have ordered a communication to be made to the commander of the forces in Ireland , and to the inspector-general of the recruit- 103 ing service on the subject . '' These are the expressions—in my opinion the appropriate expressions—in which the D. of Y. announces his determination to discontinue the levy . Is there any thing in this language , that should induce the least suspicion of the D. of Y. intending to favour col. French ? Ought not the suspicion rather to be the other way ? If the D. of Y. was conscious that col. French and capt . Sandon , knew that he had been corruptly pocketing 1,300l . of their money , would he have turned them adrift in this manner ? Would he not have given them some compensation for being deprived of the profits of this levy , which profits were to furnish 2,000l . to the D. of Y. and his mistress ? It may , perhaps , be thought , that after the complaints which were made against this levy , the scandal of continuing it would have been too notorious ; that it was necessary therefore on account of the public opinion , and the feeling of the army , that it should be discontinued . But still some promotion , some advantage in another shape , might have been afforded to those concerned in it ; and I do put it to the candour and good understanding of every man who hears me , whether , if the D. of Y. had been sensible , that he was participating in the corruption