mind no doubt but she had as unreservedly informed him of her own.—He next took notice of the Duke of York 's Letter to the house , through the medium of the Speaker , in which his royal highness had shewn , that he was very willing to accept their acquittance ; but strongly deprecated their condemnation . They might forsooth hear , but not decide ; they might acquit , but not condemn . He thought that Letter went , in a great degree , to question and deny the authority of the house , and as such , entrench on their privileges.—He felt the strongest objections in his own mind to it , when he first heard it read ; and he was sorry he had not then expressed the sentiments of his mind ; but seeing so many others , of far greater parliamentary knowledge and experience than he possessed , pass it by without notice , he had been awed into silence , and so had assented to its being permitted to lie on the table . But he hoped the offence of this Letter would not rest with the Commander in Chief ; upon the heads of the ministers let this offence lie , for they were the authors of it ; and let not any man in the house suffer a prejudice to rest upon his mind , against the accused , on account of this Letter.—A learned and esteemed friend of his , ( Sir S. Romilly ) had ably commented upon it ; the noble lord had in vain endeavoured to shake the impression , as well he might . But , not daunted by this failure , the noble lord proceeded to attack Miss Taylor 's Evidence , in the face of the support given last night to it by his own friend , the learned judge ( Sir W. Grant ) , and had thus set himself up as the champion , against two of the greatest lawyers of our time . I leave the noble lord and his friend to settle their differences , and in the mean time , shall be satisfied , with the authority of the Master of the Rolls versus the noble lord . Much had been said about equal justice ; he hoped it would be realised ; but sure he was that in no other case but this , where the rank , of the accused was thus exalted , could such a struggle , such a protracted debate , have been made . Had it been the case of any of the hon . gentlemen op- 537 posite , or any of their colleagues , what would have been their lot , long since ? Dismissal ! —However , he was glad an accused person was thus defended ; and the victory over such a combination , which he anticipated , would greatly add to the triumph of truth . He would not wish to trespass on the time of the house ; and should therefore conclude by saying , that he had endeavoured to make up his mind to vote in favour of the Address of the hon . gent . on the floor , ( Mr. Bankes , ) but he thought the circumstances against the Duke of York so strong , that he rather chose to adopt some Resolution that might be better and more closely adapted to meet the subject on which the house was to come to a decision . If no such Resolution should be hereafter proposed , he should prefer the original Address proposed by his honourable friend behind him ( Mr. Wardle ) . He thought the house owed it to an accused person to speak plain : the country required it ; and he did not like such words , as `` could not have existed without exciting `` suspicion . '' He liked plain , intelligible expressions , and had he been consulted , or had been to have brought forward the business , would have preferred two Resolutions . One , expressive of the corruption , the other of the necessity