described are the persons whom it is stated in col. French 's memorandum , it would be necessary to employ , as steady and experienced Serjeants ) the Levy was at length discontinued . But in terms of mildness ill suited to the conduct of those who had engaged in it , and the representations which had been made of the behaviour of those employed in their service . Sir , I refer to the letter addressed by the Commander in Chief to the Secretary at War , dated April 16 , 1805 , signed `` Frederick . '' Unabashed by the detection of their former proceedings , these gentlemen returned to the charge , and solicited a renewal of their Letter of Service , with a modification of the original terms ; but it was too rank . Whatever might have been the disposition , it was impossible to accede to the proposal , and it was rejected . The right hon . gent , has endeavoured to shew , that because the D. of Y. ven- 223 tured to order the discontinuance of the Levy at all , he could have known nothing of the corrupt agreement by which it was brought about . Sir , I deny the inference . The Levy was continued to the detriment of the service , and the shameful waste of the public money , till its farther continuance was absolutely impossible . The disreputable nature of French 's Levy had excited attention at the time . In consequence of a motion of a right hon . friend of mine ( Mr. Elliott ) who had been in Ireland , and had there become acquainted with the transaction ; a motion had been made and returns produced to this house , which are now before me , and not till after that period does it appear that any steps were taken to put an end to so gross an abuse . The right hon . gent . asks us , whether we believe that the D. of Y. would have exposed himself to the vengeance of these men , if he had really been acquainted with their corruption . Would he not , says he , have provided for them after some manner ? Sir , he might well defy them . They were themselves accomplices in the guilt . Moreover , they owed to their agent the sum of 3,800l . ; a pretty effectual bridle to the licentiousness of their tongues ! and after experience has shewn that it is not quite so easy a matter , as the right hon . gent . would , for a temporary purpose , represent it to be , to attack a Commander in Chief armed at all points like the D. of Y . They might have proclaimed it at Charing Cross . Would any have listened or believed ? They must at the same time have been the heralds of their own condemnation . Nothing is proved ; no presumption is supported by the fact so stated by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . Sir , I feel the task I have undertaken , to be arduous and afflicting . I must deliver opinions which nothing but my consciousness of my duty to the public and to my own integrity , could prevent me from withholding . In that duty , however , I am determined to persevere . I do avow , then , my firm conviction , expressed without fear or hesitation , but with unfeigned sorrow , that the D. of Y. must have been privy to the corruption of Mrs. C. respecting French 's Levy ; perhaps without knowing the details . Of those even , from causes which I shall hereafter touch upon , it will be difficult for his friends to plead his complete ignorance . Sandon has affected to say notwithstanding he paid his own and colonel French 's money in sums so considerable to Mrs. 224 Clarke , that he did not think she had any influence . Can any man believe such an assertion after an examination of the letters produced by