employ this woman in this abominable traffic for the sake of a few hundreds ? He would say one word more respecting French 's levy . The expence of it did not exceed 41l . per man ; a very reasonable , price , considering the difficulty of obtaining men at that time . It did not , in fact , cost as much as other levies that were at the same time on foot.—He would now examine the second question . The question was , supposing the Duke to be guilty of the criminal transaction , what was the proceeding to be taken ? The Address left every thing undefined ; it asserted nothing , and he trusted the house would not agree to it . If the Duke of York was criminal , why not send him to trial at once ? Why not impeach him before his peers of high-crimes and misdemeanors ? If he was found guilty by that tribunal , parliament could not go too far . It would be the duty of both houses of parliament to bring in a Bill for his exclusion from the throne . He had no hesitation in saying , that , if he was guilty of these practices , he never ought to sit upon the throne . This was the constitutional law of the land . It was the penalty of apostatizing from the established religion of the state . The brilliancy of the crown would be tarnished , the ermine that decorated the royal robes would be sullied , if a prince so disgraced should ever be destined to wear them . It was impossible that a prince , convicted of such practices , could sit upright upon his throne , or look his people in the face . These would be the consequences of acceding to this address . With respect to the undue influence said to be exerted over the Commander in Chief , and the extent to which it was exercised , he thought that on a fair examination of the evidence it would appear that not one of these promotions were in themselves improper . They would have taken place without the 287 interference of Mrs. Clarke . There was nothing improper or detrimental to the public service in them . But his hon . friend said she had an interest in advancing these promotions . How did it appear ? Was it from the letter respecting gen. Clavering 's application ? It was very natural that , between a lady and a gentleman living together on the terms these did , such a communication might take place without any corrupt view whatever . Mrs. Clarke said at the bar that she had between 50 and 60 letters of the Duke of York , and yet this was the only instance in their correspondence relating to military promotion . He was astonished , therefore , the hon . member should assert , that it was clear that the Duke of York was in constant habits of communicating with Mrs. Clarke on military matters , when there was only one solitary instance , in which it appeared to have taken place ; if there were any other instances , the house might be assured that either Mrs. Clarke , or the hon . member who preferred the charges against his royal highness , would not have neglected to avail themselves of such documents . As to Dr. O'Meara , it was to be lamented that the Duke , on such a recommendation , should have interfered for this man , or made use of the expression that he did respecting him . No such connection should have existed.—He must again recur to Tonyn 's note . He could not consider it as affecting the Duke in the smallest degree.—In his opinion , there was no proof before the house that could warrant it to inflict so heavy a punishment upon his royal highness as his removal from the command of the army , whatever censure it might , in its wisdom , determine to pass on him . The object of the Address