introduced at all into the Amendment , unless it was with a. view to the particular impression which existed on the minds of some few members of that house . But the real question was , whether the house could say , that there was no ground of charge against the D. of Y. ? It was a painful duty to declare his opinion ; but painful as it was , he could not but add , that he could not say there was no ground of charge , or that he disbelieved all the evidence which had been produced . He knew that strong objections had been urged against the credibility of the testimony ; but he had considered it all diligently : he had endeavoured to take into view all the arguments on both sides ; and he was then prepared to state to the house the strongest points as they struck him upon the most attentive examination of the whole of the evidence . He was ready to admit that Mrs. C. , the principal witness , had been influenced by resentment ; that she came to the bar of that house still entertaining that resentment ; that she had been contradicted by witnesses of credit , and had contradicted herself ; and yet he would state some reasons why he thought her testimony to be , in the main , entitled to belief . He would allow that her testimony was not to be credited except when confirmed by other testimony , and , in order to shew how far that was the case , he should state , according to his view of the case , the true estimate of Mrs. C. 's testimony . Ah objection had been taken , and 407 too much insisted on by his learned friend ( Mr. Burton ) on a former night , against her evidence , as being that of an accomplice . But , what was the true weight of an objection founded upon the consideration of her having been an accomplice , or how had she been an accomplice ? It was alleged that she had influence with the Commander in Chief ; that she exercised this influence by recommending persons for military promotions ; and that she was guilty of the immoral act of taking money for such exercise of her influence . What was there in the immorality of such conduct that could go to render her testimony invalid in a case of the highest public importance , and concerning a person of the very highest rank in the state ? He , for one , believed that there were many men , who might incur a similar degree of immorality , and yet would suffer any extremity rather than bear false testimony . There was nothing in the act , however it was to be condemned , to vitiate the credibility of the evidence of the guilty party . Here he should beg the indulgence of the house , whilst he briefly stated the rule of evidence upon tin 's head . The truth was , that the evidence of an accomplice would be received against a prisoner in a capital case ; the evidence would be left to the Jury to determine upon the credit due to it , and the prisoner might be convicted . This was evidence , however , which ought seldom to he resorted to , and should always be left to a Jury , with a strong direction and observation against its credit . The case winch had been quoted by the noble lord under the gallery on a former night was perfectly in point . In that case the parties had been convicted upon the single testimony of an accomplice . A similar case , reported in the same book , occurred the following year at the Old Bailey , in the case The King against Durham . A conviction took place upon the evidence of an accomplice , and upon reference to the Twelve Judges , the conviction was confirmed as legal . The case in which the evidence of an accomplice ought and