lose all chance of touching a farthing of his money . Then comes , to be sure , the storm of female rage and disappointed avarice . Read Mrs. Clarke 's letters to Sandon ; `` What can Spedding mean , by asking for leave to go on half-pay ? 'T is odd behaviour ; and you must think that SOME ONE thinks me used very ill ; of course , till this is fully explained , I shall think of nothing else . '' Alas , poor Spedding ! your hour is come at last . You will now indeed , be taken notice of , but not in the way you were pro- 459 mised . You have cheated the Duke and his mistress . His royal highness bad reckoned on your money , to enable him to support her establishment ; you have deceived him ; and the all powerful Mrs. Clarke vows her vengeance against you . You are undone ; you will not be allowed to disappoint her , by retiring on half pay ; you will , perhaps , be ordered on distant service , and not even the payment of the 700l . will now avail you . But , no ! this Duke , this unaccountable Duke , when he promised Spedding favour , and expected his money , he refused the very request that he desired him to make ; and now that he is enraged at him , and that his mistress `` can think of nothing '' till she is revenged , he freely grants him his request ! So it was . In spite of Mrs. Clarke 's rage for the loss of her 700l. , Spedding 's application was immediately complied with ; and , after all his attendance on Mrs. Clarke , and all her assurances , the only favour he appears to have ever received , is one that is directly contrary lo her wishes and her interests . In speaking thus of captain Spedding , I do not mean to fix on him the guilt of all these practices . My argument is , that Mrs. Clarke had thus stated the case herself ; and that , on her own shewing , there was a miserable failure , and a complete disproof of her alleged influence ; and if , indeed , captain Spedding was ignorant of this negotiation , it only strengthens the argument against Mrs. Clarke , by proving how wantonly and groundlessly she used the names of Officers , and- how probable it is , that her other charges stand on no better foundations than this . Who , then , would say that Mrs. Clarke had^ that influence she pretended to ? Were I sitting in a Court of Justice , the case of Spedding alone would be enough to enable me to make up my judgment respecting this pretended influence . Here was a failure , where there was every motive for success ; and which , therefore , could not > be accounted for , but from the utter want of power on the part of the soi disant omnipotent person . Why , then , are we to charge the Commander in Chief with the promotion of Tonyn , when it is accompanied by the disappointments of Spedding , Bacon , Eustace , Ximenes , and Sandon ? How does the case of Tonyn differ , in point of proof , from the handled others , which she confesses to have failed ? In this alone ; that a Note is produced , which an 460 hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Whitbread ) admits , `` dovetails in no where , '' and that it is `` altogether mysterious . '' Are we then , on grounds avowedly inexplicable ; on a few mysterious words , that the most ingenious , and not the least violent adversary ; of the Duke can not apply to any part or moment of the case ; are we , I say , to build an inference of guilt , contrary not only to all probability , but to