discussion , and but very few of the Irish gentlemen present , while there were many of those connected with the West Indies . He put it to the candour and justice of those who opposed the measure , if it would not be better to meet the question with fair discussion upon the day proposed , rather than attempt thus to get rid of the subject altogether ? said , it was needless to enter into the merits of the arguments that had been used , as the question was merely relative to the propriety of adjournment . The unfortunate combination of the duties upon malt , and those upon spirits , was the cause of this bill being introduced , and it was surely unfair in the right hon . baronet , and those who supported him in his amendment , thus to attempt taking the matter out of his right hon . friend 's hands . It was neither usual nor parliamentary to press a matter forward at a time not suitable to the wishes and views of the original mover . This matter had been already frequently postponed , on account of the pressure of other business , and now the proceedings of the night had encroached so Air upon their time , that it was thought advisable to postpone it to Thursday . This was rendered necessary , too , from the absence of members connected with the subject . It was quite irregular to propose flinging out one bill for the purpose of bringing in two ; but the most regular mode would be , to let the bill go into a committee , and then propose its being divided , if thought proper , and there was even no practical objection to striking off the whole of the duty on malt . It had been deemed necessary to lay an additional duty upon malt , but at the same time to put a proportional one upon spirits , so as to produce an equality of these duties , leaving out those which related to spirits distilled from sugar ; and the most proper mode of doing this had been thought to be by including the whole in one bill . Now , he believed , that no one person in the house was prepared to suggest a mode that would better suit the object in view ; so that if they went into a committee that night , they would be all disappointed . He should therefore recommend , that the bill should be allowed to proceed in its present stage upon the day stated . rose for the purpose of asking the Speaker , if it were consonant to the custom of the house , to exclude from such a bill the Malt duty entirely ; or to divide it into two , the Sugar Bill , and the Malt Duty Bill ? observed , that if the bill were committed , it might then be subjected to any amendment , for either the whole or any part of it might be left out . If it were to be put off for six months , it would amount to setting it aside altogether : the 764 rule being , that the same measure , question , or bill , should not be agitated twice in the same session of parliament . Should another bill be afterwards proposed , it would be for the house to decide whether it was substantially the same with that now under discussion , so as not to be discordant in their proceedings . was willing to agree with the Chancellor of the Exchequer for England , that it was neither usual nor decorous to force a member to bring on the discussion of a subject he wished to postpone , and with that view he would vote with the right hon . mover , and not with the right hon . baronet who had proposed the amendment ; but when he considered the increased taxes upon malt , vital to the prosperity of Ireland , it would only be postponing the fate of the measure for