love of honest fame , and merited rank , acquired in the public service , be once extinguished , the national spirit will decay , and patriotism will become palsied by inaction . Whenever the name of states-man becomes dishonourable , or even suspected , the liberties and glories of England will vanish : honesty will not enter a degraded profession : genius will not be found where it is no longer honoured ; and men destitute of talents , and patient of degradation , will tremble at the helm when the empire is sinking . But , sir , we are not , therefore , to disregard the opinions of the people . I admit we are not . I do not deprecate the Appeal made to our constituents ; I challenge it : but , if it is to be made , at least let the Country know on what grounds we are to vote . I admit that the eyes of England are directed to us ; and , therefore , I desire that they should be able to distinguish what we do . I wish to dispel the obscurity of these Addresses : and , like Ajax , I say , `` whatever be our fate , restore us , at least , to light ; and let us fall or conquer in the face of day . '' I know that our constituents will have a right hereafter to question us on the transactions of this night . It is not unparliamentary lo say , that , when we next appear before them , we shall owe them ample explanation of all our conduct ; and for this reason , among the rest , I support the proceeding by Resolution . For how can the country know w hat our sentiments are , if we do not come to a positive vote on distinct facts ? Now , if the hon . gent . should persist in pressing his ambiguous Address , which gives such opportunities of evasion , and which must necessarily be productive of so much mistake , every one , when we come to account to our constituents , may give it his own convenient interpretation . `` I voted for it , '' says one , `` because the Duke was guilty ; '' `` and I , '' says another , `` because he was innocent ; '' `` and I , '' replied a third , `` because he was neither guilty nor innocent ! '' Let us pursue the natural course of 480 the human mind , and of human operations . Let us first decide on facts , and then argue on the consequences . We may address , or not , as hereafter shall seem necessary ; but , first , let us decide the preliminary , and most important matter . Firstly : Is the Duke guilty of Corruption , or , what is the same , Connivance ? Secondly : Has he suffered , even without a criminal motive , the influence of this woman over his public duty ? And , thirdly : Ought he to be deprived of the Command of the Army ? In each of these Resolutions I desire to give a distinct vote ; and I think the Country will expect , from every gentleman , a similar course . Let us convict his royal highness , or acquit him of these things ; let us dismiss him from , or retain him in , the Command of the Army . But , let us do either boldly ; and , whatever we intend , I implore the house , in justice to the Duke , in justice to the country , and in justice to ourselves , to do it in the face of day ; and not to huddle up the question hi the endless intricacies of these ambiguous and obscure Addresses . ( Hear ! hear ! ) in explanation , and in answer to the hon . member 's question , said , he should always feel himself quite disposed to gratify even the curiosity