Here again the note is represented as one note , and must be of 200l . as stated before . Here again it was represented that it was changed , and in very peculiar terms , for it is represented here that h. r. b. got change for it , and got change for it for her , so that it may not be mistaken , but that it may be taken as a firm undoubted assertion that h. r. h. was the person to order or direct the change to be got for a 200l . bank note , at a late hour , by his own servant , her servant having failed to get it changed for her , thus meaning to identify h. r. h. with changing the note got for procuring the exchange for col. Knight . It must therefore be taken that in her first taken nation she gave clear distinct unhesitating testimony , that b. r. b. procured a bank note of 200l . to be exchanged for her at a late hour in the end of July , 1805 . In the close of her evidence , on the first day , in answer to a question whether it was the same day , ( meaning the day she was paid the money by Mr. Knight ) that she desired the Duke to get the note changed 332 for her , she says , `` I did not desire h. r. h. to get it changed for me , he wished it himself , as I could not do it . '' This closes the evidence respecting the changing the note , on the first day of her examination , —and again leaves it as the note originally spoken of , —a 200l . bank note , —and is meant to fix the getting it changed as the act of h. r. h. There is one other question put relating to this matter , which may as well be observed on now ; she is asked `` what was the name of the servant by whom the note was changed ? `` —she answers , `` I do not know —I am sure it is a very unusual thing to ask servants their names . `` —Now , sir , it is impossible to pass over this answer without observation ; and it is as well , as it falls in the way , to observe upon it now . Does it not characterize the testimony of this witness , and shew that her mind is disposed to evade the truth , by avoiding an answer to the question I Would any one conclude from this testimony that there was but one servant of the D. of Y 's who ever went to Mrs. C. 's house ? Yet that only one servant of h. r. h. ever went there is established to be the fact , not only by the evidence of that servant , but by the concurring testimony of Mrs. C. 's servants . How the name of Ludowick , the Duke 's servant , who alone attended h. r. h. in Gloucester-place , could be unknown to Mrs. C. it is difficult to conceive . But it is easy to find a reason to account for her desire to hold out by her answer that more than one servant of h. r. h. attended there , and why she wished to avoid giving a direct answer as to the name of the servant who was said to be employed in changing the note . I now return to the subject of changing the note , and I have to request the attention of the house to this ; that having stated four accounts of the changing of the note , all referring to a note of 200l . and all intended to establish that the Duke interfered to get the note changed , knowing how she had got it ; that it was got changed by his servant and by his order . There is next to be considered a fifth account , which appears in the evidence ,