father . Sure he was , that the right hon . gentleman 's candour would not dispute the fairness of this inference , that the Address he recommended to follow the adoption of his Resolution of acquittal , conveyed a hint , and something more , to his majesty , that it was desired by that house to continue the Duke of York in the office of Commander in Chief [ here there was a nod of assent from the Treasury Bench . ] Then , said Mr. T. this is the distinct admitted view of the Chancellor of the Exchequer.—The right hon . gentleman here proceeded to animadvert upon the Letter addressed to that house in the name of the Duke of York , which Letter was , he would say , the production of the cabinet . The Chancellor of the Exchequer had stated , that the hon . mover of the enquiry under consideration had got his Address drawn up by cooler heads than his own ; and he would state that the Duke of York had got his Letter drawn up by weaker heads than his own ; he would , indeed , add something worse , if it were not unparliamentary to express it . The Duke of York was , he was persuaded , too manly to subscribe that Letter , if he were aware of the base , unworthy and mean purposes to which it was to be applied . It was easy to conceive that his royal highness would have been promp to declare his innocence upon a vital point ; 651 but why not declare that at first ; why declare it upon the `` honour of a Prince , '' for the thing had no meaning . The `` honour of a Peer '' would have been intelligible . By what flourishing member of the Cabinet , then was the former phrase introduced ? He did not know who had the controul of the flourishing department , but it was most probably the Secretary for Foreign Affairs ( A laugh ) . But as to the expression of regret , that a connection should have ever existed which led to the implication of his royal highness 's name in such transactions , he would call that as it had already been described , a whining supplication at the bar to deprecate judgment ; It was as much as to say ; `` I have fallen into bad company , I admit , yet let me off this once , and I shall never do so any more '' ; but he would venture to say , that this passage was drawn up intentionally to form the substratum of the proposition which the Chancellor of the Exchequer had announced his intention to bring forward . That was the main use of this letter , combined with the undue influence which it was expected to operate . When the Duke of York was decoyed to sign such a letter , he was sure that his royal highness did not know it was to be made the ground of a request for his continuance in office . For it was impossible that the Duke of York should condescend to retain office upon such terms—upon the confession of misconduct , his declaration of contrition , and the promise of repentance . No , the Duke of York could not , when he signed it , have been aware of the meaning and object of this Letter , or that it could have been designed as the groundwork of an Address for his continuance in office.—This expression of regret , the right hon . gent . observed , was followed by a passage deprecating a decision against him , and calling for trial if not acquitted . That passage the right hon . gent . had no doubt issued from the office of a special pleader , it was so dextrously contrived—it deprecated the idea of condemnation without further trial , but it expressed no objection whatever that acquittal should follow the trial that had taken place . He had heard it observed , that