house , and of almost every inhabitant : of the kingdom out of it . said , in explanation , that he concluded the opinion which he had expressed , on which the hon . gent . had so much animadverted , must have been conveyed in ambiguous terms . What he meant was , that if the house did its duty , as he 743 thought it was called upon to do , by declaring explicitly its sentiments on that part of his royal highness 's conduct to which the Resolution applied , that it would have facilitated his retention of office , not only by making a deep and salutary impression on his royal highness 's mind ; but that it would go farther than any thing towards appeasing those public feelings which this investigation had excited ; and thus enable his royal highness to continue to execute his official duties , with less pain and anxiety to himself , and with more beneficial effects to the country . said , he had only to repeat what he had said on a former night on the subject of the Club of general officers . From the statement of the hon . member that the proceeding was founded on a letter of a garrison commander , one would think that a formal address had been proposed ; this , however , was not the case . It was merely the subject of conversation , whether it might be proper to pass a resolution of thanks to the Duke of York then or at any other time . Nothing farther was done ; so it was unnecessary for him to say that he did not second a proposition which had never been made . So far from it , no intimation of such a proposal was made till the cloth was removed from the table . It was then talked of , and it was agreed that , at all events , such a measure would not be advisable till the conclusion of the discussion now going on in the house of commons . There were at the time only thirteen gentlemen present , and the proposition was not received with acclamations . As to any thing further on the subject , he was as ignorant of it as if he had not been present . said , he understood the paper , on which the proposition was founded , was in the handwriting of sir David Dundas . There were gentlemen now in the house who were present when the information was given to him , and they could state that this was the fact as he had received it . He begged to say one other word . He should be happy to hear from the Secretary at War if the proposition was now abandoned ? said he had seen no paper in the hand-writing of sir D. Dundas . As to the other question , he could not say if the proposition was abandoned or not . said , when he first heard of the circumstance alluded to by the hon . gent . he stated , that it , bad his 744 most decided disapprobation , as being one of the most improper steps which the army could adopt . If there did exist an attempt on the part of any military officers to protect the Duke of York against the house of commons , a more culpable idea never entered into the head of man . But , on the other hand , if it was only a simple conversation at a convivial meeting , he saw no occasion to swell it up into a. matter of importance . If , however , the idea of making it a formal resolution of military officers as a deliberative body should at any time be entertained , the hon . gent . should find him one of his most determined supporters in inquiring into the business . again stated , that he had been informed the paper had been read before dinner ; and if thought necessary this fact might be inquired into . explained , that