, that in addressing those before whom he was accused he had declared himself innocent ; you would not impute it to him as an additional offence , that he had declared that the offence with which he was charged could not be brought home to him by evidence . To load him with the crime of having denied that he was guilty is a little too hard ; and I think , that if the hon . gent , had made candour and liberality as much the rule and law as he has the subject of his discourse , he would not have urged this as a topic of aggravation against the illustrious person whose conduct Js now the subject of our enquiry . When I say the D. of Y. is to be dealt with in the same manner as any other in- 243 dividual , I claim for him , without favour or prejudice , the same consideration of his case which any other individual would be intitled to . Coming to the consideration of such a question as this , I should look to the charges originally made against the party accused—to the manner in which the evidence had been brought forward against him—to the character and demeanour of the different witnesses—to the motives by which they may have been influenced—to the consistency or inconsistency of their testimony , and to the support or contradiction which they met with from the evidence of others ; above all I should examine and consider , whether any part of the case be clearly a fabrication , and by whom , because the testimony of those who appear to have invented or supported any charges which they knew to be false ought to be rejected altogether as wholly unworthy of credit . Upon these principles we should examine that part of the case which imputes to the Duke a knowledge of corrupt practices that have been proved , and which I take to be the substantive charge against him . When we have arrived at our conclusion upon this , the subsequent measures to be founded upon it admit of a very different consideration . They may be measures of policy , but this is a question of justice ; and I perfectly agree with my rt . hon . friend , that upon this first question , Whether the D. of Y. has or has not criminally connived at these practices , which we must all admit to be criminal , our enquiry is strictly judicial , and we ought to proceed in it upon judicial principles . The hon . gent . who last addressed the house was sensible of this , and before he entered upon an examination of the different charges , he felt that it was incumbent on him to take off , as far as he was able , observations which have been made , affecting the credit of the most material witness , the only one I may say by whom any attempt is made to fix this knowledge upon the D. of York . I speak of Mrs. Clarke , and to render her a credible witness in this judical enquiry was the object of his labour : over her he endeavoured to throw his broad shield , and in protecting her he was not sparing in his attack on those who presumed to invade the sacredness of her character for veracity . He seemed to enjoy the expression of my hon . friend , that those who had attempted to cross-examine Mrs. C. were foiled by her—a circumstance not much to be 244 wondered at , considering the support which she received , and to which the hon . gent , contributed his share , —the laugh of approbation which was sure to follow every impertinet observation , by which she always endeavoured to evade such questions as she found it inconvenient or unpleasant to answer . He exults in this triumph of a bold and shameful witness ; he attacks those who in the progress of the enquiry presumed to question the credibility of her testimony ; and he