letter from Mr. Huskisson to col. Gordon , on the 23d soliciting the appointment of a relative , of his to succeed col. Knight ; there is col. Gordon 's answer on the same 23d , stating that h. r. h. had on that day confirmed the exchange between col. Knight and col. Brooke . About these facts there can be no mistake , and they shew to demonstration that the thing had been completed several days before Mrs. C. pretends that she prevailed upon the Duke , by this most corrupt and infamous bargain , to accede to it . If 250 Mrs. C. had known these facts , her tale would not have been inconsistent with them . As far as her knowledge extends , all her statements are not only plausible , but incapable of contradiction , and it is only by opposing to her testimony facts against which she could not be guarded , because she was ignorant of them , that so deep laid a plan of malice and mischief could possibly be detected . But this is not the only instance in which she is discredited by her own contrivance . In order to fix h. r. h. with the odium of this bribe , she says , that she produced the note before him after dinner on the 31st of July , and prevailed upon him , as she thinks , to send out one of his servants to get it changed . Fortunately but one servant , Ludowick Orraman , ever attended the Duke in Gloucester Place—he is called as a witness and denies that he ever changed such a note . In this he pointedly contradicts Mrs. C. It is curious to observe the course which they pursue to get rid of this contradiction . They first call Pierson , Mrs. C. 's butler , who recollects the night in 1805 on which the Duke went to Weymouth , but has no recollection that Ludowick Orraman was sent out on that evening to change a note. , and he says , that some morning a little before this time , Mrs. Favory , the housekeeper , desired Ludowick to get a note changed , which he did , but the amount he knows not—this did not suit their purpose . Mrs. C. had stated , that after dinner , on the 31st of July , 1805 , she produced the note to the D. of York , and the Duke that evening sent one of his servants at her desire , to get it changed . In this she had been contradicted by Ludowick Orraman , the only servant who ever attended the Duke there . Something must be done to mend this . Accordingly she is asked , on a subsequent day , how she knows that this bill was taken out by a servant of h. r. h. 's , and not one of her own , and she then says , she does not believe that she stated that h ; r. h 's , servant had taken it out , but only that h. r. h. had something to do with changing the note , that she had conversed with Pierson , upon the subject , who told her , he remembered on the evening that the Duke went to Weymouth , he had tried all over the neighbourhood to get a large note , he thought a 50l . note , changed , but could not ; that he went into the parlour with it and the Duke said , go to my wine merchant at Stephens 's hotel , and say you come from me ; that he had before called 251 at confectioner , but could not do it there , and afterwards got it I changed at Stephens 's . This is Mrs. C.'.s ; account of what Pierson told her . Now let us hear Pierson for himself , when he is called up a second time . He admits that he had seen Mr. Wardle , and conversed with him upon the subject , since his last examination ? he had