would have little or no weight , was , where he was an accomplice in a crime , a conviction for which would have rendered him an incompetent witness . ( Hear , hear ! ) . Now Mrs. C. was not under any such imputation , and consequently , though her evidence was not to be credited , unless confirmed by other testimony , still she was neither an incompetent witness , nor to be lightly discredited . 408 As to the contradictions which had been so much dwelt upon , in the comparison of Mrs. C. 's testimony with that of others , and with different parts of her own , with the exception of that respecting the 200l . Bank note , and one or two others , he thought they were all immaterial , not undoubtedly as to her credit , but as to the facts charged against the D. of Y . In Courts of Justice where the opportunity of cross-examination gave the means of finding out and sifting all that a witness knows , and of making him contradict himself if he meant not to give honest testimony , if he should contradict himself in circumstances not material , it would not set his evidence aside , though it would impair his credit . But in such a case the witness calls God to witness his statement , and stakes his salvation on his veracity . In the examination , however , before that house , the declaration was not made under the same circumstances ; nor was the immorality the same in a contradiction at their Bar , and a contradiction upon oath . Mrs. C. , he was ready to admit , had given evidence which was exceptionable ; but he contended , that she had not shewn any disregard of truth or falsehood . Much had been said of her fascinations : but he must confess , that her first appearance at the Bar had made an unfavourable impression upon him ; which , perhaps , might have arisen from his want of sensibility . Her manner of giving her evidence was not guarded , as it would if she came to give studied testimony . She gave her testimony with a levity and impropriety of conduct which shewed that she was not misrepresenting the truth . No doubt she had been encouraged in this course by the notice the house took of her replies , by sometimes laughing at them , which she seemed to construe as approbation . But whilst the carelessness of her manner shewed the sincerity of her evidence , the knowledge that if she prevaricated she would be sent to Newgate , a visitation of which she had been sometimes reminded , operated as a sanction to make her tell the truth . The difference was obvious between her manner of giving evidence and that of Messrs. Donovan and Sandon , who obviously meant to give such testimony as might be beneficial to their own interests . ( Hear ! hear ! ) . He had made these general observations in order to shew that the objections to Mrs. C. 's testimony , though considerable , were yet not of weight sufficient to destroy her testimony entirely . The evidence she had 409 given was such as he had never either heard or read of in any judicial proceeding . She had come to their bar , supported only by the testimony of Miss Taylor , and stated cases which at first appeared incredible , not knowing of the existence of one set of documents which were afterwards produced and confirmed her evidence , and not being allowed to inspect another set of documents which she knew to be in existence in the possession of Mr. Nichols . She knew , however , that these documents would fall into the hands of Mr. Lowten , or Mr. Wilkinson , and consequently be produced , and this circumstance had given her confidence in her truth , and the correctness of her communications . It had been said , that the whole of her case had been produced