possessed , to the House : and that he stopped short in the examination of capt . Sandon , at the very point where it became the most necessary to press him . Where the right hon . gent . paused , I took up the examination of the witness . Suspicion had been excited in my mind , by the tenour of Sandon 's answers , that the note was still in existence . I intimated those suspicions to the right hon . gent . across the table . My attempts to extract the truth , were followed up by 203 my learned friend ( sir Samuel Romilly ) ; and at length the note was extorted from the reluctant witness , by the hand of power . Sir , I impute not any sinister motives to the right hon . gent . ; I am bound to believe that he acted with perfect purity . But I think his judgment failed him , when he withheld from the house the information he had then recently received , and when he stopped in the examination of capt . Sandon . At length the note was produced . Having heard that the D. of York had protested before God , that he had never written such a note , that it was a base forgery ; and relying on that solemn protestation , I looked at the paper with the greatest jealousy , and my impression at the first view was , that it was forged . I looked at it again , and I altered my opinion . I have since examined it repeatedly . I have heard the evidence which has been produced upon it , and I firmly believe it was written by the Duke of York . The examination of col. Gordon to the handwriting persuaded me it was the note of h. r. h. ; the evidence of general Hope strengthened that persuasion ; that of my learned friend Mr. Adam put it beyond all doubt . An extraordinary course was then pursued by the house , in recurring to evidence of less value ; after the hand writing of the D. of Y. had been proved , by the witnesses the most competent to decide upon it . The gentlemen from the Bank and the Post Office were brought before you . A species of testimony which would not , according to the rules at present observed in the courts ( Mr. Nesbitt tells you such examinations have been discontinued ) have been admitted , elsewhere . Their evidence all tended to confirm , if confirmation had been required , the direct evidence ; except that of Mr. Nesbitt : and he closed a long examination , in Which he was convinced that the note was not of the D. of Y . 's writing , by telling us 'that he felt himself an incompetent witness to such kind of examinations ; because his constant practice has been with regard to signatures only . ' The testimony of Mr. Bliss was very curious . He would have had no doubt on comparing the papers , of the note having been written by the D. of Y. , if he had not seen Mrs. C. 's hand-writing in some other letters lying upon your table . An observation manifestly arising out of a prejudgment of the case , in consequence of the assertion known to have been made by the D. of Y. , that the note was a forgery . 204 After all this evidence , can I believe my ears ? Did the learned judge really say , in the sight of Heaven , that he entertains doubts as to the genuineness of the note ? In the case of life , liberty or character , would he , in the discharge of his judicial functions , discard this writing as spurious ? He does still doubt . Then , neither if one were to come from the dead could he be convinced . It was reserved for the right hon . gent . to lay any stress upon such rubbish , as