by the weight of authority which he is conscious of possessing , there is very little danger of his doing it by the course of reasoning which he has on this occasion pursued . The question before the house can not , I think , be distinctly understood without separating the different parts of the address which is proposed to us . It states first , that various corrupt practices and abuses have for a long time existed in the disposal of commissions and promotions in the army : It then declares , that in the opinion of the . house such abuses could not have existed for so long a time without the knowledge of the Commander in Chief : And then it proceeds to say , that even if they could be presumed to have existed without the knowledge of the Commander in Chief , still this house are of opinion that his majesty can not safely or prudently any longer suffer the command of the army to remain in his hands ; and it concludes with expressing an opinion , that on these grounds h. r. h. ought to be removed from the command . The existence of various corrupt practices and abuses is not disputed . The material question is , whether these abuses were known to the D. of Y . The main ground of charge against him is , that they were carried on with his knowledge and approbation . Of this we ought to acquit him ; or , if we think there is good ground for the charge , to put it in a course of legal enquiry '' . The present address , instead of doing this , endeavours to fix upon h. r. h. the imputation of guilt , without affording him an opportunity of defending himself against it . Is it fit we should leave this matter so ? When the Charges were opened by the hon . gent. , he stated that he should fix upon this illustrious 242 person the knowledge of , and connivances in , practices of the most flagitious description . When such a statement , distinctly and positively made , was the foundation of the enquiry , is it consistent with justice , either to the D. of Y. or to the public , that we should step aside from the consideration of a charge so made , and come to a resolution , that the D. of Y. ought not to be continued in his present office , whether the charge be true or false ? That surely would be neither a just nor a candid mode of dealing with any man , not with the meanest person in the country , if he were charged with so serious an offence . Were he guilty or innocent I should consider him intitled to a direct decision upon the fact , and it is with me an unanswerable objection to the present address that it contain ? no such decision . It is said by those who support this address , that thinking the D. of Y. guilty , as they do , it was impossible for them to have proposed a less offensive or more lenient measure . Without considering further the mildness or justice of a measure , which leaves an infamous charge upon the party accused , and excludes him from all possibility of referring that charge to the judgment of any legal tribunal , I shall proceed to consider the grounds upon which this opinion , so unfavourable to h. r. h. , is founded ; and I am satisfied that a fair examination of the evidence will lead us to a very different conclusion . I agree that in an enquiry of this sort we are to deal with the D. of Y. precisely as we would deal with the meanest individual in the land ; but if we are to allow him no favour he is yet entitled to the same measure of justice , and surely you would not , as has been done here , make it a matter of reproach to the meanest individual