from Mrs. Clarke 's contradictions of herself , or her contradictions by others , that there was not a word of truth in her evidence ? There were then four principal points in which he thought this witness 's testimony incontrovertibly estab- 273 lished , and the first was by the evidence of Miss Taylor . The attempts made to invalidate this girl 's testimony , were , he must confess , not at all convincing to his mind . As to the chief ground of impeachment , namely , her connection with this woman , that was so naturally and satisfactorily accounted for by her relationship , that the objection to her evidence was entitled to no weight whatever . There were some points on which her refusal to answer , or her evasion , might appear to excuse some question as to her credit , but it could not be said to invalidate her testimony . Indeed , there was an internal evidence in the thing itself to which this witness 's evidence applied , which rendered it irresistibly strong . After repeating the words mentioned by this witness , and reflecting upon their character , particularly from comparison with the Duke of York 's own Letter , would not any man feel it difficult not to believe that the conversation referred to did actually take place . From this loose conversation indeed , it was fairly to be inferred , as his right hon . friend near him ( Mr. Bathurst ) had staled , that the Duke must have entertained a suspicion of Mrs. Clarke 's improper meddling in military transactions . But he would go farther than his right hon . friend , and say , that it warranted a belief that there was between the Duke of York and Mrs. Clarke a constant and unreserved intercourse and communication upon military subjects . It was asked , how it happened , that this was the solitary remark Miss Taylor heard the Duke of York ever make to Mrs. Clarke upon military matters ? and this question was emphatically put by persons disposed to discredit this witness . Indeed they seemed to argue that such a circumstance tended to produce that effect . Now , in his judgment it must have a directly opposite bearing . It is said , or at least insinuated , that Miss Taylor , as the connection of Mrs. Clarke , came before the Committee as the member of a conspiracy ; that of course she could not be much under the restraint of truth . But , if that were really the case , that she was capable of saying any thing , was it not probable that other words would have been put into her mouth ? There- were frequent opportunities in the case of Knight and Brooke 's exchange ; it would have been of great importance to a conspiracy to have had Miss Taylor state at once , that she was present when Mrs. Clarke re- 274 ceived the 200l . from Knight , and when upon the night before the Duke of York went to Weymouth , she gave the note in his presence , to a servant , to get it exchanged , after telling his royal highness how she obtained it . Upon such an occasion as this , had Miss Taylor been a person of no veracity , her evidence would have been valuable . Indeed , it would have been a clumsy contrivance to produce so many witnesses about sending a note through town to be exchanged , when the object could have been at once settled by Miss Taylor 's evidence , had she been of the accommodating character which some gentlemen would impute . And here he would ask any member of that house , or any man of common sense out of it , whether , if this story about the exchange of the note had been really a fabrication , some such direct evidence as he had mentioned would not have been adduced to support it ? —Now , as to the mysterious Note , he would observe