right hon . gentleman , himself , in candour to say , whether he has adopted that mode of proceeding , which we had a right to expect . He set out , by charging us with `` blinking '' the question —with having proposed an Address that was not couched in terms sufficiently decisive.— To that imputation , answers have been given which appear to me so satisfactory , that it does not require any further notice . But , Sir , the right hon . gentleman has so constructed his Resolution , as to make him . justly liable to the charge he made against my hon . friend , which was unfounded , as it respected him , of having gone about to catch voles . Such course lie does not in himself seem to think very blameable—and he has fortunately stumbled on the expedient of involving two questions in a manner that , to him , appears to render it impossible they should be considered separately—and the house is , upon this principle , reduced to the necessity of voting an absolute condemnation or a general acquittal . `` The distinction , says the right hon . gentleman , which has been so accurately drawn between personal corruption , and conuivance , I can not comprehend , not withstanding the references which have been made to the celebrated work of our great lexicographer , with a view to illustrate it ; and so far from thinking the guilt of connivance greatly inferior to that of personal corruption , solemnly declare , that I conceive such counivance more mean ; more foul ; and more base , than 695 direct and personal corruption ; —and , if the Duke , being acquitted of all personal corruption , should be convicted of connivance only , all those consequences which have been anticipated Hi the event of his being convicted of personal corruption , would inevitably ensue '' . This is the position of the right hon . gentleman , from which I beg leave totally to differ . If , Sir , the Duke should be found guilty of connivance only—surely it may with great truth and propriety be said , he is not so mean ; so foul ; so base ; or so low , as if convicted of personal corruption . His character is not irretrievable ; he may by the correctness of his future conduct obliterate what is past , which in the other alternative it would be far more difficult to do . The right hon . gentleman calls upon us for fairness , but he at the same time puts us in a very unfair predicament . He tells us , that after voting for his proportion , we may come to an Address on the undue influence exercised over the Commander in Chief . This is one of the steps by which he means to arrive at the point , towards which all his endeavours tend ; a declaration by this house , that the Duke of York is a fit person to continue in the command of the army . Such declaration , Sir , I can not but deem extremely dangerous . A new ground has been taken by the right hon . gentleman : he also would now convert Mrs. Clarke into the accuser.— Would you , says the right hon . gentleman , yield up yourselves as the instruments of Mrs. Clarke , the accuser—whose object is to lay the Duke prostrate at her feet ? Would you , by such conduct , vilify the house of commons I The right hon . gentleman in the large and able share which he bore in the first discussion , always treated Mrs. Clarke as the witness in support of the accusation . From another quarter , my hon . friend who brought forward this important question was represented as an `` instrument in the `` hands of an abandoned junta . `` —I beg , Sir , We may consider the evil tendency of the false insinuations which have been thrown out against that hon . member .