Duke of York , and with Mr. Corri ; they found him thus devoting his time to fulfil his duty . Mrs. Clarke shewed herself a very reluctant witness indeed when , instead of waiting for Mr. Dowler paying her a visit , upon his arrival , she went to him to an hotel , for the purpose of ( a laugh ) arranging her future proceedings : this proved her a very reluctant witness . Two very different opinions appeared to be entertained on the other side , as to the credibility of Mrs. Clarke 's testimony . One hon . member thought her evidence unworthy of credit , while a noble lord behind him considered it very credible : he was rather inclined to the opinion of the noble lord . It had been asked whether no part of her testimony was worthy of belief ? He was ready to admit that he believed Mrs. Clarke had spoken a great deal of truth ( Hear , hear ! ) and yet he would not believe her in that which rested almost entirely on her assertion , the knowledge and privity of the Duke to her transactions . She had narrated her own transactions with considerable accuracy ; and in that narration , which was also confirmed by documents , and other evidence , bethought she was worthy of belief , because she had no interest in speaking falsely . But when she came to assert that the Duke knew of her corrupt transactions , he would not believe her , because that was a thing easy of invention , which was incapable of direct contradiction , and to which she might well be supposed to be stimulated by her resentment . If she could have established the corruption of his royal high- 531 ness in any one instance , he should then have believed she spoke the truth when she mentioned other instances . She had , however , proved no such thing , and no man 's life or character would be safe if it depended on such testimony . When he believed her testimony , it was because a great part of it was a fair account of her illicit purpose , intended , as he firmly , believed , to bring home her designs against the Duke . He begged the house to bear in mind how she wished to do it with respect to colonels Knight and Brooke , where her falsehood was completely discovered . It might be said to be more so , when she described a list of persons which was affixed two days to the bed-head ; this was too extravagant for any one to believe . Then another part of her statement , was alike incredible , where she told them that the whole system was suggested by the Duke of York , to relieve her necessities , and that he told her she had more patronage than the queen . Then she endeavoured to establish her story by other sources , as in the case of major Tonyn , where she proved mistaken , and since the first day of her evidence , when she saw the likelihood of her being detected about dates , she had never recollected another dale . He contended that she had been actuated through the whole of this system of fraudulent intrigue , by deliberate malice , and if such testimony as hers could be believed , the life and character of no person would be safe . He said it was not difficult to conceive that a deliberate conspiracy existed between three or four per sons , at least between three , Mrs. Clarke , Mrs. Favery her half-sister , and Miss Taylor , whose evidence he conceived to have been well delineated by the last speaker . He asked , whether it was to be conceived for a moment , unless they considered the Duke of York destitute of common sense , that he would submit his character to the mercy of Miss Taylor . It was impossible to believe this , even from an unimpeached witness , which she