; and whether second battalions were to be raised instead of new regiments : this is the nature , nay this is the extent of the information which is proved to have been procured from the D. of Y . And is the communication of such unimportant facts as these , to the limited extent , especially , to which even that communication has been proved , a violation of public duty , upon which we ought to found so serious a charge ? Or does it afford any ground to infer any connivance whatever on the part of h. r. h. ? I have dwelt , sir , so long upon this circumstance , because I am confident , that , when the evidence and facts of this case are examined and understood , that this sort of communication is the whole of the case against h. r. h. ; and if the house should be of that opinion , and should feel that such communication was no more than the necessary and inevitable consequence from the existence of the unfortunate connexion with Mrs. C. ; the whole offence of h. r. h. will resolve itself into that connexion . In saying this , sir , I do not mean to justify , to defend , to mitigate the moral offence of that connexion . I believe , Mr. Speaker , that there is no man in this house , who , upon a retrospect of every thing that has passed , within his own memory , in any way bearing upon the offence of adultery , would feel more ready than myself to admit that h. r. h. has , by this impure connection , inflicted a deep wound upon his moral character . There is no man who can feel himself , 74 though not led by principles as I profess to be , yet , compelled by consistency , to reprobate such an offence in stronger language , or with severer animadversion than I do . I am one of those individuals , who some time since wished that the legislature should enact a law , declaring adultery a crime . There is nothing in the character of the present times , nothing that has appeared in the records of parliament , or courts of justice , that has in the least altered my opinion upon this subject ; on the contrary , every thing that has passed , and is passing before us , in the present session , in this house , and at the present time out of it , has tended to strengthen and confirm the opinion I always have entertained on it . When the bill to which I allude for making adultery a misdemeanour , came down from the other house of parliament , it had my warmest wishes for its success . I do sincerely wish at this day , that the measure I then supported , had succeeded , and that adultery had been made , as , in my deliberate judgment , it deserves to be made , a public crime . But it will be recollected how the proposition , when it came to us from the house of lords , was received in this house . The house will not fail to remember in what manner it was rejected on its principle . It was then argued , that such a measure could only have originated with some fanatical puritans , who plumed themselves upon their own superior virtue . Those enlightened and virtuous persons , as I thought then , who saw that this destructive crime was , with alarming progress , undermining the very foundations of civil society ; those wise legislators , who proved their wisdom and their policy by introducing that measure , with the most benevolent views , alarmed as they were at seeing the frequency and prevalence of this offence , and marking the ravages it was making upon the peace and happiness of families , and the shock which it was giving to virtue and morality , the precepts and laws of which it seemed to set at