business , I send you Shaw 's letter , which is nothing more than to say , that he will gratefully accept , if the Deputy Barrack-Mastery can be obtained with the rank of lieut.-col. , and go there in three weeks . I explained that , and also , that if it could be obtained , he would be put on half-pay , as soon as it could be done . His request is to come to London immediately , if he can succeed . '' —He does succeed , and then there is a letter from col. Shaw to general Burrard , in which he expresses himself in these terms . `` I am just honoured with your letter , and I trust you will believe , that I feel , though I shall not attempt to express , my gratitude for your present and many kindnesses towards me , and I can only add , that my sense of obligation can alone cease with my existence . I have , as far as the present time allowed , given every consideration to the proposal you have made me , and should conceive myself most fortunate in succeeding to it , and should be ready to proceed in the time you mention . I have only to request , that should the decision prove favourable , that I might be permitted an immediate leave of absence , as I should have a great deal to arrange in regard to my family . '' This is the answer of col. Shaw to sir H. Bur- 118 rard , who had been soliciting and recommending his appointment with so much zeal and perseverance . Sir H. Burrard states the fact , that his being put on half-pay , would be one of the conditions of his acceptance of the appointment ; and col. Shaw expresses , in terms of gratitude , as strong as possible , his obligation , and his anxious desire to accept the situation , although that condition was explained to be annexed to it . Now , sir , if all this be so , and no rational man can doubt it , what pretence is there upon this evidence , for believing Mrs. C , when she says , that col. Shaw was reduced to half-pay on her special application ? But then , it may be asked , how are we to account for col. Shaw 's letter ? —How are we to account for his applying to Mrs. C. at all ? or for his applying to get rid of the condition , under which he had consented to accept his office ? —There is no difficulty in accounting for this at all . Col. Shaw , no doubt , was imposed upon by Mrs. C , to believe that she had interested herself for him , and that she had influence with the Duke — as she had imposed upon Mr. Knight , as she had imposed upon major Tonyn , and many others ; and the application to get rid of the condition under which he had consented to accept his office , proceeded from a principle which frequently actuates mankind : col. Shaw had been very desirous of the appointment , and was glad to receive it , upon the terms of being put upon half-pay ; but having gained the object he was anxious to obtain , he felt as impatient as ever for fresh advantages . Having accepted the office with that condition , secure of the office , he wished to be released from the condition . This , sir , is the plain and obvious meaning of col. Shaw 's letter . And I do protest , that I leave this case with a perfect confidence , that no man who understands it , will ever refer to it again , except for the purpose of disproving the evidence of Mrs. Clarke . The next Case , which it will be necessary to advert to , is that of Mr. Dowler , I incidentally mentioned this case yesterday . It is not one in which h.