introduces no such qualification . Now observe , when this conversation is said to have passed . It must have passed , if it passed at all , early in the spring of 1805 , for the levy was put an end to on the 16th of April , 1805 ; that is very near four years ago . Now , if the principles which I have laid down ; if the doctrine which I have derived from the most pure legal sources are well founded as to recent declarations , as to words spoken within a short time and under circumstances which excite accuracy of recollection ; they are much more suited to affect the credit due to an account of words spoken at a very distant period under no particular circumstances , not likely from any cause ever to have been called up in the witness 's memory , and never brought to her recollection by any conversation , or any other course , until three weeks before the evidence is given , and then brought to her recollection by Mrs. C. , after the accusation had been instituted , and while it was proceeding ; when the impressions arising from the proceedings were calculated to mislead the witness , and to induce the accuser to create or encourage a false impression . But this is not all ; the manner in which this is brought out , I mean the manner in which Mrs. Clarke 's reminding Miss Taylor is brought to the knowledge of the house , is most material . Miss Taylor is examined on the 9th of February , the first time . She then gives an account of the conversation , but there is not in that day 's evidence one word of her having had any conversation with Mrs. C. upon the subject . On the 22nd of February she is examined a second time ; and being asked , `` If at any time afterwards she had any conversation with Mrs. C. relative to the Duke 's observation on French 's business . '' She answered , `` Not till within these three weeks or a month . That Mrs. C. asked her , if she recollected the D. of Y. mentioning col. French 's name in her presence ; and she said I immediately recollected the 346 circumstance and told her . '' And she there goes on to say , `` that she does not recollect what Mrs. C. said upon it . '' Here then there is distinct evidence of two things , most important in the consideration of evidence of this description . First , that during all the intermediate period that passed , now three years and eleven months ago , she never had mentioned it to any body , that even at this time , that is three weeks or four weeks since , she does not suggest the subject from her own memory . But it remains there , dead and inanimate , until it is revived by a question from Mrs. C. Is evidence to a verbal declaration , which passed in a conversation at such a distance of time , likely to be correctly what passed at that time ; or more likely to partake of the character which would be given to it by the person who received it ? Can evidence , the most weak and uncertain , the most discouraged for that reason in all criminal proceedings , be held sufficient , in any respect , to fix guilt , of so mean a sort , upon such a person as the D. of Y. ; or could it be permitted , in any case , in any court , to have the least influence as confirmatory testimony . But there is still something behind , still farther to destroy the effect of this weak and most suspicious of all evidence . On the day on which Miss Taylor was examined last , the 22nd of February , Mrs. C. is likewise examined , and she was examined before Miss Taylor ; so that Mrs. C. could not then