request , and partly as it went to express more satisfactorily and clearly the sentiment he had from the commencement wished to convey . But the noble lord had said , as the motion went to acquit his royal highness , as well of connivance as corruption , it had placed him in a situation of great embarrassment and difficulty , and that he should be obliged to give a vote contrary to his feelings . Now if that noble lord would only attend to what he had to offer , he would see that the grounds of his objection to the motion as submitted , were no grounds at all , but had originated in a misunderstanding . The noble lord felt that he could not consistently say that there were no grounds for supposing his royal highness was not to a degree cognizant of those practices , which had been proved to exist . The motion did not call upon him to make that declaration , as it only said there were no grounds for charging his royal highness with corrupt participation and connivance . The noble lord too seemed to think , that if the word sufficient had been introduced , it would have qualified the term no grounds , and might have insured the votes of those gentlemen who thought with him . For his own part , he conceived that to be a distinction without a difference , as to say there were no grounds , meant that there were no 692 sufficient grounds whereon to charge the Duke , and he trusted the noble lord would feel himself released from the necessity of voting against his royal highness , after the explanation he had given . Here too was the objection of the noble lord consistent with the argument early used in the debate , namely , that the house should pronounce its opinion , aye or no , upon the guilt or innocence of the Duke ? The motion , in his mind , was calculated to meet that idea with all possible distinctness , and as in courts of justice a jury would pronounce a verdict of not guilty , so were the house of commons called upon to say , that in their opinion there were no grounds for charging the Duke of York with corrupt participation and connivance . It was all the house could say upon the matter at issue . At the same time he would distinctly admit that gentlemen voting for that proposition were not precluded from opposing the Address , consequent upon that proposition , if not worded agreeably to their wishes . It would , therefore , be open for the noble lord to point out what other shades of offence there appeared in the proceedings before the house , and particularly that of undue influence , if he should be so disposed . Besides , the hon . gent , ( the member for Berkshire ) had stated , that , whatever might be the fate of the present motion , he would take the sense of the house upon the subject of undue influence . With regard to what had been said about connivance , as originating out of the cases of Dr. O'Meara , general Clavering , and major Tonyn : though it might be argued that his royal highness had permitted Mrs. Clarke to apply to him on their behalf , yet he would deny that there appeared a particle of evidence to prove that the Duke had the smallest knowledge of the corrupt dealing Mrs. Clarke was carrying on with those parties ; and when the noble lord talked of the feelings of the illustrious personage , whose character and honour were so materially implicated , he would ask him if he saw the effect of finding his r. h. guilty of that connivance . In his mind , whether he was convicted of Corrupt participation or connivance , it was the same ; even that connivance , which had been described as voluntary blindness , for considering the relationship in which the Duke stood to Mrs. Clarke at the