be acceded to , '' col. Gordon said that no more was meant than that a stoppage till further inquiry could be made ; he said , that if further inquiry were to be made , he should probably say `` to be considered , '' and then he said , that he would very probably say , `` can not be acceded to . '' That this phraseology might be understood at the Horse Guards , I admit ; but that it could be understood in the sense ascribed to it by col. Gordon any where else , I deny , unless it was to be contended that words of direct refusal implied only consideration . But as if it had been thought that the words `` can not be acceded to , '' were not sufficiently strong , it was added , `` h. r. h. does not approve of the exchange proposed . '' If I had been a party in the transaction , I certainly should not have expected any further inquiry to be made , after being told that the proposal could not be acceded to ; and every person asking a favour must have taken these words as a complete denial . In a subsequent document , it was said , that h. r. h. was of opinion that the services of col. Brooke could not but be favourably considered . But the services of col. Brooke were stated in the paper on the table , where it appeared that he had served four months as a cornet in the 8th dragoons ; and that , out of twelve years in the army , he had been seven years on half-pay . But col. G. assured us , that the request was complied with on the ground of his services . These , however , were such as he had stated ; such they were when the request was refused ; and such they were when it was 10 granted . Col. Gordon did not recollect any person of whom he had made inquiries after the refusal ; and when gentlemen recollected the accuracy of his memory , was not this extraordinary ? I ask then , what made this officer eligible for the command of a regiment of cavalry ? The situation of an officer who might have the command of a cavalry regiment was a very difficult one , and required considerable experience in that particular service , of which experience col. Brooke had but little . Col. Gordon had said , that by a rule of the Commander in Chief , no officer could be promoted to the rank of a field officer under six years service ; an excellent rule , and highly honourable to the Commander in Chief , and one which would have been of essential advantage to the army if adhered to . But was it not extraordinary that one who , out of 12 years , had been only five upon full pay , should be selected for a field officer of a cavalry regiment , he having only served in the cavalry for four months ? This militated against the rule , for here was an officer with the full knowledge of the Commander in Chief appointed upon five years service to a situation which , according to the rule , he could not have held till he had served six years . It might be argued , that the event had proved that col. Brooke was well worthy of the situation ; that might be ; I do not know col. Brooke , but probably he may have proved a meritorious officer . That , however , was nothing at all to the question , for col. Gordon could have had no strong ground for the recommendation , if ever he did recommend him , about which he appeared somewhat doubtful . Taking into consideration the whole of this case , I do contend , that no reason whatever has been shewn to satisfy the house , that the exchange was carried into effect through any other medium than the influence of Mrs. C.