Duke of York of any real knowledge of those transactions , of any direct corruption or participation in it ; but still he could not , under the impression of the evidence , say , that he could conceive that his royal highness could be utterly without suspicion on the subject . After the scenes which had been disclosed at the bar , and exposed to the country and to all Europe , it was absolutely necessary that the house should express its sense of these abuses ; and the motion of his honourable friend he considered as wise , prudent , moderate , and just . He thought , moreover , that it was necessary to make some reparation to public morals and decency , and that the public safety required that the house should communicate to his majesty , that in their opinion , the command of the army could be no longer with prudence or safety confided to the Duke of York.—It was customary in that house to call things by very soft and gentle names . That which used to be called 'adultery , ' was now only 'living under protection . ' It was in this way that when religion and social order were attacked in France , we heard of ' a mother without being a wife . ' The applying those delicate expressions to acts of immorality , was striking at the root of the morals of this country . The house had been now sitting , day after day , in the consideration of those transactions , and in tearing of the veil which covered them . If , when they were now laid bare , the house was to abstain from passing an opinion upon them , they would do an irreparable injury to the morality of this country . It would be found throughout the page of history , that religion and morals were the best preservers of States , and that when they were upon the decline in any country , it was a sure prognostic of that country 's approaching fall . He would not say that the charges were of that nature that it was absolutely necessary to bring forward ; but when the house had been compelled to take notice of them , he did not see how they could avoid coming to that conclusion which was impressed on their minds by the evidence which had been stated . He should read an extract from an author who was not considered either as a religious or moral authority , but who was eminently distinguished for political knowledge and sagacity . Machiavel had stated , that `` the rulers of all states , whether kingdoms or common-wealths , should take care that religion should be honoured , and all its ceremonies preserved inviolate , for 591 there was not a more certain symptom of the destruction of states , than a contempt for religion and morals . '' As to the slight censure conveyed in the Resolution of his right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) , he really thought it would have been better not to have touched upon the subject at all , than to touch upon it so lightly . It seemed as if the laws of courtesy were more to be attended to than the laws of God . As to the confidence that was expressed in his royal highness following for the future the illustrious example set him by his royal father , that was an extraordinary degree of confidence , for which he would be glad to know the grounds . The noble lord behind him , in adverting to the influence of mistresses , had naturally turned to the time of Charles the second . This called to his recollection the circumstance , that when Charles H. conducted himself improperly in Scotland with respect to a loose female , a deputation from the Kirk was sent to remonstrate with him . Their spokesman , Douglas , having left the rest of the deputation at a considerable distance , went up to his majesty , who expected