to come forward on account of the production of his own letters , to do away their impression against himself , or to reconcile by an effort , that must be overstrained , the contents of those letters with his former testimony . Upon the whole , on his review of this subject , he felt himself called upon to vole for the motion of the boa . gentleman opposite . was authorized to stale , that if the duke of Argyle had been permitted by the house of peers to be examined , be would have confirmed the impression which general Clavering had stated was on his mind , with respect to the evidence he had at first given , and of his having no wish whatever to deceive the house . observed , that among the many precedents of the committal of persons for the improper manner in which they had given their evidence at the bar , the witnesses * were in such cases generally committed for prevarication , and not for contradiction . Now , gentlemen on the other side seemed to think that there was no difference between prevarication and contradiction ( A cry of No ! no ! ) . He begged pardon if he misunderstood them , but to him there did appear a distinction , and an obvious one ; prevarication was a sort of shuffling ( Hear I hear ! ) . Now , he did 788 think this was not exactly the character of general Clavering 's evidence , for , if gentlemen would examine it , they would find that every answer was direct , and therefore could not justly be characterized as prevaricating . Now , if the house did not think he had prevaricated , they would in voting for his committal , be establishing a new precedent ; for the general ground for committing a witness was his prevarication . He thought , too , that if the rank and consequence of general Clavering were not allowed to be of service to him , they certainly ought not in themselves to be injurious to him . It was evident from the mode in which general Clavering had given his answers throughout , that he was by no means accustomed to an examination of that kind ; besides , gentlemen ought to bear ill recollection the long , tedious , and embarrassing examination he had undergone . In stating what he had done in vindication of the General , he denied that he was influenced by motives that ought not in such a question to have any weight , since the person so interested in that question was to him a total stranger . Sir ; of the family of general Clavering I certainly do know something ; and if it were possible that my mind could be biassed to the prejudice of my duty to the public , I should certainly be disposed to extend to this unfortunate gentleman the utmost indulgence . Sir , I am not one of those who would , in any instance , push a charge against a man ; but in executing the important duty which , as a representative of the people , I owe to the public , I can not go out of this house without declaring my unreserved sentiments ; I contend , Sir , for even justice ; and would put out of the consideration of this question every thing relating to the rank of the offender . I would wish that it might be considered as the case of A . B. or C. D. ; of a person unknown to us all , and of whom we had never heard any thing even by report , whether he was of the highest or of the lowest rank . From every consideration which I have been able to give this case—aud I have indeed examined and re-examined the printed minutes of the evidence repeatedly—it does appear to me , that if the whole of the evidence of gen. Clavering had been given at one examination , the house could not have balanced in opinion