mention subjects of this nature . And every candid and honourable mind will allow that it is impossible in the intercourse of life that men should be tied up to such strictness , or that any body , in the least acquainted with the world , can impute such conversation as a matter of crime . Sir , I shall trouble the house no farther than merely to state , that these views of the different parts of this extensive question satisfy me , that in a case of this nature , the principles of substantial justice render it much more fit to proceed by Resolution than by Address ; that the proceeding by resolution leads to a decision on the justice of the case , without being obstructive of any ulterior measure . But in address you involve the question of justice and of policy ; by resolution you separate them , and by separating justice from policy in the first instance , you do not exclude the exercise of your discretion as to any ultimate measure , by address , or by any other course consistent with the rules of Parliament , and the principles of justice . said , that many observations had been made on the conduct of the house towards the hon . mover of this business . That of the gentlemen with whom he usually acted , he thought perfect- 354 ly right , and was ready to defend it . The hon . gent . had entered on the affair without concert , Lad therefore taken on himself all the responsibility , and with the exception almost exclusively of the noble lord ( Folkestone ) , who had subsequently afforded him much assistance , was entitled to nearly equal merit and praise . Many and serious impediments had , by powerful persons , been thrown in his path ; it had been unfairly attempted to terrify , and even to brow-beat him ; but all these things he had manfully resisted and despised . He had set a noble example , and deserved well of his country ; but it did not follow from thence , that it would have been proper for those who were generally supposed to act together in opposition to the present administration , to have taken up as in a body , the accusation of the royal Duke ; nor did he think that such conduct on their parts , would have been deemed right , or even decent , by the public.—Much has also been said of the influence which the general opinion ought to have on the decision of this question in the house , and though the point was delicate , he was ready to declare his sentiments . He had always been and still continued a firm and a zealous advocate for Reform in Parliament , and would be ashamed to leave the adversaries of that important measure in full possession of one of their strongest and most favourite arguments ; that those who owed their seats to popular elections , would always be afraid to stem the tide of popular opinion , though they should be convinced of its opposition to justice.—He believed that on the present occasion , the most severe sentence would be the most popular ; but he thought it his own and every man 's duty to use the advantages which his situation afforded him for forming the best judgment in his power , and then to act upon it ; trusting , if he suffered for the moment , that the good sense and candour of his constituents , would eventually do him justice also . But he should then be especially careful to free himself from every other bias ; as , if any influence whatever were to be permitted , it ought without doubt to be that of the public sentiment in infinite preference to any other ; that , even if mistaken , would probably be honest and uncorrupt , at least ( which some others might not ) and therefore least likely to injure the general welfare.—The evidence has been so fully discussed on