her evidence upon this part of the case , must be in the recollection of the house ; but this , sir , is a contradiction in which not only Mrs. Clarke , but Mr. Dowler also , is most materially involved , and , therefore , I feel it necessary to bring it particularly under the consideration of the house . It must not be understood , that I am not ready to admit that there might be fair excuse , both on her part and that of Mr. Dowler , for their wishing to conceal some of the circumstances which the questions , if truly answered , would have disclosed . That they should have answered them therefore , with great reluctance , was natural : but it is not the withholding of the truth of which I complain , but the falsification of it , and that for the purpose of giving a different character to Mr. Dowler 's evidence . The house can not but recollect the manner in which Mr. Dowler was introduced , and particularly that part of his evidence which relates to his appointment in the commissariat . The fact came out as if by accident , as if to the surprize of the examiner . The hon . gent. , the mover of this enquiry , had closed his examination of Mr. Dowler ; the witness appeared to be retiring from the bar , when up gets the noble lord ( lord Folkestone ) and apparently anxious to know something of the history of the witness , as possibly his credit might depend upon it , he asks what situation he is in ; and finding that he is in the commissariat , pursues his question 81 to learn by what means he obtained his situation : he answers , he bought it for 1,000l . of Mrs. Clarke , who procured it for him , through the D. of York . This witness , it must be remembered , is the gentleman who the moment before had told us , how strongly he had remonstrated with Mrs. Clarke upon the impropriety and danger of her conduct , in procuring money by such means ! And all this examination was so managed , that it might appear as if it was undesigned ; as if the noble lord had not heard every syllable of the story from Mrs. Clarke or Mr. Dowler , before ; as if the mere dint of his happy questions had extracted this fact from an unwilling witness , who would fain have retired from the bar without having disclosed any thing upon this subject . After this , Mr. Dowler is cross-examined , and great part of his cross-examination would be most material to be attended to , if what I am about to observe was not fully sufficient to destroy his credit , and with his , the credit of Mrs. Clarke at the same time . It became material , when he had stated the fact respecting the purchase of his office , to learn what communication he had had with Mrs. Clarke . Let me entreat the attention of the house to this part of Mr. Dowler 's examination . `` You arrived from Portugal on Sunday last ? '' — '' Yes . '' When did you see Mrs. Clarke since your return from Portugal ? `` — '' On Sunday last . '' `` Have you seen her since ? `` — '' I saw her just now in the witness-room . '' To stop here for a moment , what would the house understand from these answers ? Undoubtedly that the witness had seen Mrs. Clarke only once , since his return from Portugal , until he met her in the witness-room . But this is not all ; his examination goes on . `` Was any body with Mrs. Clarke when you saw her ? `` — '' I waited upon her to request that I might not be called upon as a witness , seeing the circumstance of Colonel French 's levy in the newspaper ; I saw her