such frequent postponements , for he deemed it their duty to act . with severity to any person who prevaricated , cither before a committee of the whole house , or a committee above stairs ; and it was even of the utmost utility to inflict the requisite punishment immediately , and with promptness . It was to be treated as a contempt of the house . In the present case , the only clause of delay was , that gentlemen thought they had not had a sufficient opportunity of considering the evidence which general Clavering gave upon a former day , and latterly it was thought proper to postpone it till the other question was determined , and the papers printed . It appeared , therefore , that the matter was entirely taken out of his hands ; and it was for the house to determine , whether or not it was consistent with their dignity to take it up now , when the opportunity was offered ; for it was not a matter that could admit of postponement , on account of additional testimony , as was required . in explanation , said , he 776 only meant that general Clavering 's friend should be present at the discussion , but not as a witness to be examined . allowed that the postponements which had already taken place were by no means imputable to the hon . gentleman . He maintained , however , that the grounds which had been stated by the noble lord were sufficient to induce the house to consent to the postponement proposed . He did not think it would be well that it should go forth to the public , that such a cause for delay as the absence of individuals , whose evidence was necessary to the accused , should be stated in that house and overruled . denied that it was the absence of witnesses : it was the absence of members . The absence of witnesses would have been a very different consideration . said , in explanation , that he understood the duke of Argyle was to have been called to the bar , to give testimony in favour of general Clavering , but as no witness was meant to be called , his observation fell to the ground . said , that in his view of this subject the offence was of the nature of a contempt of court , and consequently no testimony could be usefully heard . They were not in their proceedings to follow the rules of any inferior court . trusted the house would defend its own character , by dealing out impartial justice to all witnesses who gave evidence at its bar , and that would go a great way towards disposing of the Amendment for the purpose of delay . As to the idea of many members being likely to be present on Tuesday , who were absent now , he hardly thought there was much in that expectation ; he saw no reason the house should not decide the question now , as well as on Tuesday next . He was as anxious , and had , perhaps , as much reason to be anxious as any member of that house , to go out of town , having a great deal to do at the Quarter Sessions . But he must perform his public duty in the house of commons , before he attended to any thing else ; and he could not , consistently with his notion of that duty , assent to postponing the present subject to Tuesday next , because lie believed that was a mere prelude to postponing it to the next session , and then for ever . One witness was already sent to 777 Newgate , and had been there some time . He did not mean to inquire into the hardships of his situation , but they were not more than another should endure if he deserved them as much . Equal justice was at all events what he should vote for , and he did not think he went further than he