there are circumstances which render it impossible so to connect it . The note from Mrs. C. to Sandon , received the 17th of August , 1804 , shews that she had not taken any such mode of stopping the promotion , but if she had taken any , she took it in conversation ; and that she had no means of accomplishing it . Now the cover which accompanied the note , as Sandon slates , is dated 23rd August , and as the promotion was then both made and published in the Gazette , it was too late , by that means , to have been of any use . It must apply , therefore , if applicable at all , to some point of time which does not suit the money transactions , and is to be placed as proof of mere interference . In that view , ii falls within that head of the subject which is proposed to be taken up by the right hon . gent . on the floor ( Mr. Bathurst ) , to which I shall now take the liberty of calling the attention of the house . The proposition of the right hon . gent . is ushered in with a positive declaration of the Duke 's innocence , as to all pecuniary corruption , either by participation , knowledge , or connivance : but he considers it necessary to resolve , that there has been a dangerous interference in matters of military promotion by Mrs. C. , and this ought to be particularly marked by the house . It is impossible , sir , to consider this in any light , but one as a motion to remove the royal Duke from his office , as Commander in Chief : because , certainly , if the resolution which he proposes were to pass , h. r. h. could not remain in office under such a stigma . The question then is fairly this : are the three cases of interference , which are said to be proved , and there are but three , 350 enough to warrant such a proceeding , when taken against the whole strain and tenor of his official life . There is the case of Tonyn 's promotion , which the note may be said to bring home to h. r. h. , as a mere matter of interference . There is the case of the letter about Clavering , from which it appears , that she wrote to him , and that he answered her , and did not find fault with her for writing to him on military appointments . But , farther than this , it proves nothing ; for the terms of the answer set aside the application ; and , lastly , the case of that poor young man , Carter , whose case seems as it were by unanimous consent to have been given up from pity , and which in mercy should never have been brought forward at all ; a case in which the application had been made by an officer , at a former period , and whose natural son gen. Rochfort represents Carter to be ; whose letters prove his education to have been excellent , and that he has been only brought back to a rank in life from which he had been driven by misfortune , and by the poverty of his real and reputed parent . Sir , I have been no adulator of the royal Duke ; whenever my duty has required it , I trust that I have stated , with the respect due to his rank , but with the firmness due to truth , and to an honourable discharge of my duty , what appeared to me to be fit and necessary . I trust that I shall not now be considered to flatter , when I say , that it would be strange indeed , to visit such services as the D of Y . 's , for such and so few causes of improper interference , with such severity as the right hon . gent