she so effectually sustained against the learned gentlemen on the other side , as to set them all fast ; and in which she must have been so confident of her own superiority , that I think when she next wants legal advice she will not apply , as she did at the outset of her examination , to the crown lawyers : acute and ingenious as she has shewn herself , she is a very bungling conspirator , a miserable instructor of a witness . The conversation would have been more direct , or it would have been supported by others , confirming it . To me it bears the character of truth . —Sir , I have given , as I hope , a dispassionate , deliberate , and candid account of all 220 the circumstances attending the witness , Mary Ann Taylor , and of the evidence given by her . I can not forget the general tenour of all the questions put to her , nor the last question of her first examination . The whole , I believe , has excited a feeling of great indignation in the public mind : for a credible witness and an innocent member of society has been brought to him . I can boldly say , that I am divested of all the feelings of an advocate , and that it is my wish to act in the impartial character of a judge . I do here then most solemnly declare my belief that Miss Taylor has spoken the truth . Independent of this testimony , which , if true , makes the Duke of York an accessary to the corrupt practices of Mrs. C. ; ( for I can not admit of the forced constructions attempted to be put upon the words she has recorded : ) the infamous Levy of col. French bears the strongest marks of corruption from the beginning to the end , and of the connivance of the Commander in Chief in that corruption . Here , Sir , we have the fact that the influence of Mrs. C. over the Commander in Chief was hawked about for sale . Cockayne informed Sandon that business in the army might be accomplished through a person who had power with the D. of Y. Cockayne introduced the parties to Corri the music-master . Corri , with a proper degree of mystery , introduced one of them to Mrs. C. Great pains have been taken to shew that Mrs. Favery was the sister of Mrs. C , that Miss Taylor was intimately acquaints ed with her ; but it would have been much , more material , if it could have been done , to have shewn that some previous intimacy or acquaintance had existed between col. French or capt . Sandon and Mrs. C. , to have accounted for her interference on their behalf , and to have taken out the sting from the evidence of Miss Taylor.—No such thing has been attempted . Let me pause , however . Perhaps I do not sufficiently respect the urgent motives that are said to have justified the Letter of Service to French and capt . Sandon . Col. French was known to be an able recruiter ; men were wanted , and men must be had . Why ! we have no proof that col. French had at any preceding period rendered the essential service described to the army by his ability in recruiting : therefore no advantage can be allowed to the assertion , which I have also heard flatly contradicted . But we have had proof that all the officers opposed themselves strongly to 221 the issue of the Letter of Service . It was obnoxious to them all . Gen. Hewitt , lord Cathcart , gen. Taylor , all declared their marked disapprobation of it either in its origin or its progress ; but the influence of Mrs. Clarke for a time surmounted every obstacle . The Letter of Service was signed . Extraordinary indulgences were from time to time granted . The bounties were increased , the standard reduced , the limitation of