gentleman in the city , and then altered as if it was for himself ; in which sense the latter draft stands ; and this latter does seem in all probability the one which was sent . I make these observations , because it is only in the first draft , that there is any reference to a place , as in connexion with the loan . Besides this , col. Taylor says , he believes the letters were not shewn to the D. of Y. , though he dares say , that he acquainted him with their substance ; and if the letter copied from the first draft was not sent at all , or was not distinctly explained to the Duke , there is nothing whatever in this , but that the man who had offered to provide a loan for the Duke , did , in communication with col. Taylor by using sir H. Mann 's name , procure col. Taylor to influence the D. of Y. to second sir H. Mann 's application for a place for him ; that he did so apply ; that that application failed ; that he renewed it for another with equal bad success ; and at last , that col. Taylor having learnt that he was a man of bad character , communicated that information to the 122 Duke , and that h. r. h. as soon as he had heard it told col. Taylor to have nothing more to do with him.—Now , sir , not knowing what is to be said upon this case , I must leave it here , and I trust the hon . gent , who is to take it up , will deal fairly and candidly by it . Till those observation * are made , of course they can not be replied to , and I must therefore leave them to be observed upon , by those who are to follow him . With respect to the Case of Elderton , the hon . gent , was equally short in his observations ; and , perhaps , it might be sufficient for me merely to observe that this case not only does not concern any appointment in the gift of h. r. h. , ( being for a Paymastership , ) but also that there is not the slightest trace of any money having been received by Mrs. C. or any one else , as connected with the appointment . But amongst Mrs. Clarke 's letters which were brought from Hampstead , there is one connected with this case , which it is extremely important to observe upon . It is a letter from Elderton , thanking the D. of Y. for having confirmed the leave of absence from his regiment granted him by gen. Abercrombie . I conceive this , sir , to exhibit another and a striking instance of Mrs. C. 's mode of imposing on persons , and making them believe she had those means of influence which she certainly did not possess . The D. of Y. had nothing to do with granting or confirming this leave of absence : It rested with the commander of the regiment . Yet Elderton writes to the D. of Y. , that it is impossible for him to express his obligations to the Duke upon this subject . Where is this letter found ? It was not in its proper custody ( as lawyers express it ) ; it was not found where it might have been expected , and where it would have been , if it had ever been delivered to the D. of Y . It is a letter without a cover , the direction is on the same sheet , and there is not , nor ever was , a seal on it . What then is the inference which is to be drawn from these circumstances ? The obvious inference is , that Mr. Elderton intended to forward this letter to the D. of Y. , through Mrs. C. ; that he sent it therefore under cover of a letter to her , and left