of opinion , that the Paper ought to be produced for the information of the house . was willing to admit the force of the objection that the paper contained matter that ought not to be made public , but could not admit that which rested upon the sufficiency of the admission of the fact by the noble earl.—The question was then put and the motion negatived . rose to make some observations on what had fallen from an hon . bait , ( sir C. Pole ) on a former evening , respecting the increase of emolument to Pay-Captains of Marines , and some new naval regulations . The hon . bart . had slated that their labours and compensation were not at all proportionate . But the hon . bart. , perhaps , did not know that the persons selected for such situations , were generally men who were unfit for other service . Their duties were by no means burthensome . It was not required that a Pay-Captain of Marines should serve afloat , or even aboard . The only case in which their attendance on board was required was , whenever courts martial took place . Under such circumstances he did not imagine the provision made for those officers was at all defective . With respect to the deductions from the pay of Marine Officers , they were applied , he said , to Chelsea Hospital , and the same benefits resulted to the officers of Marines , as to the Officers of the Army from such application . Whatever deduction was made from the pay of Marine Privates , was applied to Greenwich Hospital , and they were benefitted in the same manner by it as the Navy . Some stoppage in a Marine officer 's pay was given generally to the Commissioners 645 of the widows ' pensions , for the Army : and of consequence , the widow of a Marine Officer derived the same advantage from that fund as the widow of an officer in the Army would . The lion , member said , that in his opinion the retired officers of Marines were , in every way , on the same footing with those in the Army . said , if the hon . gent , had given this explanation as to the stoppages of pay before , it would have altered his own view of the subject . But he still held the same opinion with respect to the situation of the Pay Captains . He was well informed they had a regular ledger account to keep with every man and boy in the Marine service , for which they had no remuneration , although the Captains of Marine Artillery , for only paying their own companies , had 2s . per day additional pay . Besides those old officers , in any branch of the service , would have been entitled to majorities , and many of them now would have been old field officers . Any advantage , therefore , which could be given them , without great expence to the public , ought not to be witheld from a brave class of men , whose existence was scarcely known to their country except by their brilliant services in her cause . suggested the propriety of appointing a distinct Compassionate List and Widows ' Fund for the Marines . He expressed , also , a desire , that the clause which seemed to admit of the construction of which his hon . friend ( sir C. Pole ) complained , ought to be immediately amended . said it was the intention of the present Board of Admiralty to afford to the Marine Corps every practicable and reasonable indulgence . But there was a mistake with respect to the stoppages from the pay of Marine Officers in general for the Widow 's Fund . No such stoppages were now made but from officers who retired on full pay ; and the widows of the Marine Officers received their pensions at the War Office , paid by the public . With respect to the situation of the Pay Captains