insulted with the praises of Mrs. C. 's veracity ? Let me now call your attention , sir , to another instance of malevolent misrepresentation , on the part of this woman , when she states , `` That the D. of Y. sent her a message , that he would put her in the Bastile , or pillory ; and that he sent it by a particular friend of his . '' When she was asked , who this particular friend of h. r. h. 's was , she replied , with that malignant emphasis which we all remember , `` One Taylor , a shoemaker in Bond-street . '' Of Taylor , I only know that she thought it a disgrace to be acquainted with him ; and , therefore , she so represented the D. of Y. ; and I could not but observe , that the house received the alleged fact with strong marks of indignation . So far Mrs. C. 's object was fulfilled ; but further inquiry has dispelled the imputation . It is now proved that this Taylor , the friend and ambassador , as she said , of the Duke to her , did not , in fact , bring any message from the Duke ; he came from Mr. Greenwood : but he was not even this gentleman 's messenger , but Mrs. C. 's own . She had sent Taylor with a note to Mr. Greenwood , and Mr. Greenwood had returned an answer by 440 the same messenger ; and , on this foundation , she had dared to call her own messenger , Taylor the shoemaker , the messenger and friend of h. r. h. The expressions , too , of the message she states herself to have received , are almost too absurd for serious contradiction : they have , however , been contradicted ; and , in the whole story , it is now apparent , that there was not one single circumstance of truth , and that it was produced for the sole purpose of casting a temporary disgrace on the character of the D. of Y.—What , now , are we to believe from this witness ? What fact did she allege mere boldly than this ; and what was calculated to excite greater indignation , and what , in fact , did produce a more unfavourable effect ? Yet it is false , notoriously false ! false , by Mr. Greenwood 's evidence ; false , even by her own confession . But her chief object , that at which she the oftenest laboured , and , for a long while , with the greatest success , was to persuade the house , and the public , that , from the very nature of her establishment , the D. of Y. must have been aware that it was supported by corrupt and dishonourable means . I say , sir , that in exciting this belief she had some success . I hope , sir , ( if that success has not been already destroyed ) that , by showing the circumstances of proof which she adduces to be altogether false , or entirely discoloured , I shall remove any hesitation that may linger in the mind of the house . First , sir , she states that h. r. h. allowed her but 1,000l . per ann . for the support of her entire establishment ; and that he gave her 500l . at first to purchase plate , linen , and other immediate necessaries ; and , she added , that even this sum of 1,000l . per ann . was hardly ever regularly paid . But , besides this 500l . for plate and linen , she had forgotten to state , that the Duke had paid 1,320l . for plate alone . It appears , too , that he sent in large quantities of wine ; and had given her , as she owns herself , occasionally , various sums of 100l . and 200l . over and above the 1,000l . per ann . ; and she states ,