of the hon . gentleman opposite ; and I do most sincerely regret that this unfortunate circumstance prevents my giving to the Duke of York that triumphant vote which I otherwise would be the first to propose . Had this fact not intervened , the triumph of his royal highness would have been unclouded and complete ; but though I feel thus on this subject , yet it is one of by no means such a nature as to prevent our pronouncing a complete and honourable acquittal of all corruption , and of all shades and degrees of corruption . I shall probably be asked , what measure of censure I would inflict for the indiscretion which I do not deny ? Sir , this is not yet the moment in which I ought to answer that ; but I will say , that , before I proceed to any censure of his royal highness for a venial error , I will take into my consideration all the merit which he has to plead in mitigation : I will recollect what the army was , and I will observe what it is : I will not forget sixteen years of diligent and useful service : I must recall to my mind all those regulations , so generous in their motive , so admirable in their detail , by which , at the expense of his own patronage , his royal highness has provided for the advancement of the deserving and the support of the destitute , I must feel that 473 he has founded an Asylum for the Soldier 's Orphan : I must applaud his assiduous repression of abuse ; of the very abuses laid to his charge ; and his still more assiduous promotion of merit ; of that merit which , diffused through the ranks of the army , is now waiting for its patron 's acquittal with grateful anxiety . All these circumstances , and many others of equal force , I will well consider , before I can venture to decide what censure it may be expedient to pass on the indiscretion of one who has such substantial claims to our gratitude and applause . Having thus far , with the indulgence of the house , and after the example of those who preceded me , considered the question with reference to the Duke of York , I must now be permitted to make some observations on that which happens to be more immediately the object before us ; I mean the form of our proceeding ; and however gentlemen may differ as to the sentiments we are eventually to express , I own I am surprised to find any doubt as to the manner in which , whatever they may be , we should express them . The question is not , in this stage , the guilt or innocence of the Duke of York , but it is whether we should , in the first instance , give our opinions on these points , by agreeing in an Address , or by voting distinct Resolutions . For my own part , I am decidedly for the latter ; and that , upon every reason of justice and expediency : it is , I think , the most parliamentary course ; I am sure it is the most natural , and the least intricate . I should , in any case , prefer the precision of a resolution to the prolixity of an address ; but in this judicial matter , when we are about to decide on interests dearer than life , it becomes us to see that all cur steps are clear , that all our motives are precise , that all our opinions are distinct . To resolve on the evidence , is to give our verdict ; to address the king upon it , is to pronounce sentence . Let us , therefore , first decide whether the Duke is guilty , and to what extent ; and , if it is necessary , let us then go up to the throne , to demand his dismissal . Nor can