declaration he should now make . It was this , that the charges against the Duke of York were fully proved , —proved not perhaps in strictness of law or according to the rules of legal evidence ; but sufficiently proved to satisfy the conscience and understanding of any plain , honourable man . The evidence , if not as good as could be wished—if not the very best , was yet the best that the nature of the transactions would admit . It was , besides , corroborated by other evidence , and by evidence of that kind , which , next to the confession of the person accused , was reckoned the best evidence : he meant the hand-writing of the Duke of York . To that evidence he could not refuse his assent . Combining all its parts—seeing how they supported and confirmed each other—it carried complete conviction to his mind . It was objected , that the evidence of many persons heard at the bar was not entitled to credit . It might be so . But were there not persons heard whose evidence was entitled to credit ; and did not these corroborate the testimony of those of suspicious characters ? But why not credit their evidence ? Some of these persons ruined themselves by their evidence . They had no interest in coming forward ; quite the contrary . Prevarication was not 667 an objection to evidence . In opposition to this evidence , sufficient , in his opinion , to establish everyone of the charges , there was nothing but inference , hypothesis , and assertion . Against these they had hypothesis and assertion to oppose ; they had something better—written documents admitting important facts.—As to the merits of the Duke of York as Commander in Chief , he was not disposed to deny them , or to withhold his tribute of praise for the services which he was stated to have rendered the army ; but mere evidence to character was good for nothing , except in mitigation of punishment.—He could not help noticing the subdued tone , in which gentlemen on the other side now spoke of the motives which induced his hon . friend to bring forward these Charges . When the subject was first mentioned , they endeavoured to raise a cry of Jacobinism . By this cry they hoped to pervert the feelings of the country , and prejudge the question . They were disappointed in this expectation . They shewed little judgment in attempting to revive this mad cry . The great magician , who first raised it , possessed commanding powers , and was able to give it effect , and keep it up ; but persons who were not endowed with such great talents , were not competent to so mighty a work . No successor to this Prospero , no inferior magician , should attempt so dangerous a spell . He felt himself in some measure taunted into the Vote he should give on this question . The hon . members on the other side flung down the gauntlet , and absolutely defied him into a declaration of his opinion . They went the length of saying , that what he did , he did in compliance with popular opinion . He had a better opinion of his majesty 's ministers than to suppose they were unanimous in their opinion on this point . He did not coincide in the opinion that the moment a member of that house became a servant of the crown , he became unworthy of credit . With the leave of the house , he would draw another precedent from former times . He should quote nothing that did not appear on their Journals . In i6S0 two Resolutions were passed by that house . The first ordered that a List of the Monies or Pensions paid to members of that house out of the fund appropriated to secret services should be laid before the house . The second provided that no Member of that House should accept any place under the crown , without the previous consent of