, that he wore no livery , and received no wages . The hon . gent , indeed has described him not only as a foot-boy , but that he had lived in that capacity with Mrs. C. for twelve months . This is , evidently , a mistake ; it was in May , 1804 , that the commission was given him . Mrs. C. 's establishment in Gloucester-Place did not begin till some time at the commencement of the year 1804 ; so that instead of his having been there twelve months , he could not have lived with her there above four months . Under these circumstances then , what is it that h. r. h. has done by the grant of this commission to an unfortunate lad , which is hostile and injurious to the honour , and character , or feelings of the army ? Application had been made in his favour at a period considerably prior to h. r. h. 's connexion with Mrs. C ; the D. of Y. had probably forgot the recommendation altogether , but having engaged in this most unfortunate connexion with Mrs. C , he meets with this young lad , and he is reminded of the Former application , and of his own promise : and he does that , which instead of offending the army , reflects a lustre , as it appears to me , on the character of h. r. h. and exhibits his humanity and generosity in a light which the army must be differently constituted from what it is , if they do not approve and applaud rather than condemn . He rescues this unhappy , unfriended youth , from the humble and degraded station in which his poverty had un him ; he revives those hopes which his birth and education might justly have led him to cherish , and which his own promise to capt . Sutton had encouraged ; and he removes him to a situation for which he had been long before recommenced , and recommended as the son of a brave and meritorious officer , who had bled and died in the cause of his country . Now , sir , I would appeal confidently to the feelings and justice of that very army , whose feelings are supposed to be offended by this appointment ; I would appeal to the feelings of the house and of the country , whether an act like this is to be imputed to the D. of Y. as a crime ! If a man is to be punished for his vices , it may be well ! but let him not be punished for his virtues ! —and this act , I feel confident , that every humane feeling that can or ought to influence the mind of an honour-able and good man , will dispose us unani- 128 mously to approve and applaud as a virtue . I do not wonder indeed , that when this case was first mentioned to the house , it should have excited a considerable sensation , and that there should have been a disposition to attach blame to h. r. h. , for raising unto the honourable rank of an officer , in the British army , a lad of obscure birth and immoral connexions , with no other pretensions than the recommendation of such a woman as Mrs. C. : I do not wonder that it should have given rise to sentiments of indignation ; but satisfactorily explained as it has been , and when all the circumstances attending it ( circumstances so honourable to the D. of Y . ) have been examined , I should indeed be surprised if the house should view it in an unfavourable light , or should fail to set it down , not amongst the crimes , but high amongst the merits and virtues of h. r. h. , as an act marked by nothing but the liberality and benevolence which prompted it . That the commission , which was given to this young man , was not disposed of to a person unworthy of his