the counsel had probably no previous knowledge . Can these reasons be alledged for the torture of Miss Taylor.—Aperto vivere vote , which was formerly the privilege of virtue , was now incidentally become in a considerable degree a salutary restraint upon vice . How , then , came it to pass that all the multitude of assessors , collectors , surveyors , inspectors of taxes , parochial and general , windows , houses , and property-lax , with all the runners of the police offices , all the Townshends and Macmanuses , and other myrmidoms of Bow-street , had never been able to establish against this poor unfortunate female , one single distinct proof of misconduct , to authorise the insinuations against her ; if so , with what humanity or justice had she been pointed at with the finger of scorn , as a mark of infamy ? was it a crime generally to be a witness ? or only for an humble individual to appear against a Prince ? If so , it ought to have been recollected that she was forced thither , and was reluctant for a very powerful reason ; `` she had three brothers in the Army . '' However in contending against this principle , the hon . member meant to declare it as his decided , and he believed impartial opinion , that neither in Miss Taylor 's nor in any other evidence , he could find sufficient ground to convict the D. of Y. of corrupt participation in the practices of Mrs. C. But going thus far , it might be asked 357 of him , on what ground he could wish the removal of the Duke from his high situation ? In this he saw no inconsistency ; sufficient reason for that measure seemed to him still to remain ; in the interference which he had permitted in official matters , proved beyond all doubt to the just offence , and perhaps to the great injury of the army . The extreme scandal of public decency , the thoughtlessness and folly at least , which pervaded the whole transaction , and which those who felt themselves bound to acquit h. r. h. of the other branch of the charge , were compelled as an unavoidable alternative to admit ; to all this the country neither , could nor would shut their eyes , and if the house were so disposed , they could not thereby save the Duke 's character , though in the attempt they might lose their own . It had been said that the house had no concern with the mere vices of public men , nor ought to take upon itself the office of a Censor Morum . This he thought true as to conduct merely private and personal . With this it would be unwise and absurd in Parliament to interfere ; but when these vices were so intimately mixed with the official conduct of men in great public situations , the house he thought was bound not to pass them by ; if on such weakness in high places , that house could not act as censor , vigilant for the interests of society , where could any such power be found ? —It was of the utmost importance to distinguish between indulgent allowance of private failings , and that indifference to all matters of this nature , when the notice of them could not be avoided , as tended to debase that standard of public morals , which ought to be maintained as high as possible , Altius ibunt , & c. `` They highest reach who for the summit strain . '' Men whose notions were not corrupted , might recover from great failings , but none could ever attain to great excellence , who did not set out with a lofty aim , and if once the springs of morals were vitiated , and whenever the mounds of law were transgressed ; a torrent equally foul and rapid would oversweep the land . Was it not by personal as well as political corruption , that Charles II . was reduced