of the Duke of York . ( Hear , hear ! ) paid a tribute of applause to the fair and manly manifestation of his opinion by the gallant general . It was the general opinion of the house that the right hon . gent . 's motion was unnecessary , if not objectionable ; and the only difference was , whether it should be negatived or withdrawn . He could not consent to put the special circumstances of this case upon the records of the house in official characters ; the house was to look to nothing but official duties ; and never to be influenced by personal considerations . He objected therefore , to the motion of the right hon . gent. , as being a foundation for limiting and confining their future views of the subject , and trusted , that the house in official characters would recognize nothing but the official character , without looking beyond that to find the son of a king , or any other person . He did not object to the motion being withdrawn , but would rather wish it to be negatived . justified the Duke of York and col. Gordon from some imputation that had been thrown out on a former night , relative to keeping back a letter . said , he had never received any favours from his royal highness , but he could not help thinking that if the army were to lose him as Commander in Chief , it would experience a loss almost irreparable ; any resolution therefore that went to justify his royal highness in the eyes of the public should have his support . then desired to know , whether it was the pleasure of the house that his motion should be withdrawn ? Although he rather wished to have it withdrawn , yet he begged not to be understood as unreasonably pertinacious against its being negatived . He requested it might be recollected that there was some advantage in withdrawing it , because it might be supposed to contain an idea which he did not intend to convey . His reason was this , that when he first made the proposition , it was misunderstood , and he had endeavoured to explain and take away the obnoxious part the moment he was aware of the circumstance . It was therefore to prevent misrepresentation that he was anxious to withdraw his motion altogether ; if he was allowed to withdraw it , he would 663 propose another , which better expressed his meaning ; if not , he must move an Amendment so as to leave no room for misrepresentation . ( A cry of withdraw ! withdraw ! from ail quarters . The Resolution was accordingly withdrawn . ) The Chancellor of the Exchequer then proceeded to propose an amended Resolution , on the subject of the guilt or innocence of his royal highness as to the charge of corruption and connivance . He would not enter upon the grounds of this Resolution at any length now , as he had sufficiently explained himself before . It had been thought that he intended to convey a censure on the mover of the Inquiry , when he said that there were no grounds whatever for the charges . In order to obviate this , which he by no means intended , he would propose a Resolution , stating , that there was no ground of charge against the Duke of York ; that was , that there was no ground of charge that could warrant any farther proceeding of that house . The words he would submit were , `` That it is the opinion of this house , after the fullest and most attentive consideration of all the evidence reported to this house from the Committee of the whole house , appointed to investigate the conduct of his royal highness the Duke of York , that the said evidence affords no ground for this house to charge his royal highness , in the execution of his official duties as Commander in Chief , with the personal corruption alleged against him in