indispensible . Much has been said on the subject of party spirit , which , in the course of all the debates has been specifically imputed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer to gentlemen on this side of the house . I contend , Sir , that if there ever was a question , justly free from such imputation ; this is that question . My hon . friend who brought forward the Charges , at the commencement of his proceedings , actually stood alone . He has not been supported by any of the parties into which this house is divided . Of one of those parties , I suppose the Chancellor of the Exchequer is to be deemed the head . Of another my right hon . friend who sits near me is the leader . A third , the right honourable gentleman who has this night moved the Resolution we are now discussing , may be said to conduct . Another party in the house is distinguished by an appellation which it is not now necessary to repeat . 739 Which of all these parties has assisted my honourable friend ? or with what justice has it been said by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that this question is a party question ? With almost all the principal persons of all the parties voting against him , my hon . friend has had the satisfaction to find one hundred and twenty three members of the house adopting his opinion to the most unqualified extent . Sir ; It has not been the cause of any party , but the cause of the country ! There is , Sir , one important object , which will , I hope and trust , at length be effected . I mean the annihilation of that party which has existed for more than forty years , secret , invisible , but possessing power so great , as to have drawn from the great lord Chatham the assertion that `` there existed something behind the throne greater than the throne itself '' This hidden , but irresistible power has upset various Administrations . It still exists , and at the head of it , if any credit is to be given to a pamphlet most audaciously published last summer , and which has hitherto escaped prosecution , is the Duke of York . An end must be put to that mischievous party , which falsely assumes to he composed of the king 's friends . The claim of exclusive right to such title , is either a libel on the rest of his majesty 's subjects , or an acknowledgment of devotion to the crown , without regard to the rights and privileges of the people . If we are to believe report , the last ministry was displaced , and the present ministry established by the contrivances of that party . I am not , however , without hope that the eyes of princes will be opened to the peril to which the royal family is exposed by such intrigues . To the existence of such secret , evil , unavowed counsellors under the princes of the house of Stuart , may be traced the downfall of that family , and the elevation of the house of Brunswick to the throne . It would be well for those who countenance such intriguing factions in the present day , to bear in mind a remarkable passage in the Memoirs of Sir William Temple . That great statesman has recorded of Charles II . that , on a certain occasion , he announced to his council his determination to prorogue his parliament for a twelvemonth , and added that he would hear no reasoning or argument against it , upon which he ( Sir William Temple ) told the King , that his humble advice to his majesty was , that he would in his affairs be pleased to make use of some council or 740 other , and allow freedom to their debates and advices : that if he did not think the persons or number of his present council suited