I omitted to notice in its proper place , where I should have observed , that I ought to know something of the nature of evidence , or I am but ill qualified for executing , so frequently as i do , the office of a Grand-Juryman and the functions of a Magistrate , at the Quarter Sessions . But it is , in fact , absolute nonsense to talk of legal evidence in this house ; for the whole of our proceedings have been conducted on the principle of coming at the truth , in the best manner we could , without being fettered or restricted by the ordinary rules of legal 792 evidence ; and I am sure that , if we had not adopted this mode of proceeding , which in our inquisitorial capacity we had a right to do , the house would never have known those facts which have at last come out , by degrees , accidentally , and most unexpectedly . Sir , I will detain the house very little longer : whether the offender be high or low , the offence certainly is the same . For my part , I confess I think the prevarication of general Clavering to be even greater than that of captain Sandon . He came with the intention and determination of ruining the testimony of Mrs. Clarke . But we will take the offence to be of the same degree of turpitude , and they both demand punishment . I admit , with an hon . gent. , that great offences are not more incident to the great than to the little , and if they come before us judicially , we must estimate the offence by its own quality , independent of the rank of the offender ; hut , morally speaking , I do think , that if a man of education , high rank , and noble family is. , guilty of so mean and disgraceful an offence as that of prevarication , which is only one degree from perjury , such a man , having a superiority of knowledge , station , and character , his offence is more rank than that of a man who does not possess the same distinguishing advantages in society . I mean this observation to apply generally ; and beg to be so understood . The vote which I shall give this night , I shall give with great . pain , and much reluctance ; but I should be wanting in my duty to my country and myself , if i did not declare that I am of opinion That general Clavering has been guilty of prevarication at the bar of this house . said , that he would detain the house but for a short time . He had felt most severely the part which he was compelled to act upon this occasion , towards an individual of such rank and connection , but it was his duty , as a member of Parliament , and therefore could not be avoided . An hon . gent , had said , that the house never committed but in cases of prevarication ; if that were the case , the standing order of the house was a mere dead letter , which stated , that if any witness should give false evidence before them , he should be punished . If there were any thing in the evidence that carried a doubt as to whether general Clavering understood the questions proposed to him , or not , he would say , that the word of a general '' officer , that the word of a person descended ; 793 and connected as he was , should outweigh all probabilities against him , and acquit him of the charge ; but after a most mature investigation of the subject , after a consideration of the evidence , again and again , he could raise no doubt in his mind as to the prevarication with which he had charged general Clavering . The manner in which lie came forward he ( Mr. W. ) considered of great weight