left to say from inference and presumption that this can not be true ; all the facts of the case utterly disprove it if the D. of Y. had been capable of looking to the profits of Mrs. C. 's scandalous traffic for defraying the expences of the establishment in Gloucester Place , is it possible that your inquiry should have been confined to four instances of such contracts . Your table would have groaned under them , and you would have had , not four , but 400 or 4,000 instances . Sir , having thus stated my reasons for thinking that Mrs. C. is a witness who can not be believed when any motive can be fairly imputed to her for concealing the truth , it remains to be considered whether you can trace any motive which is to affect her testimony with regard to the D. of Y . And here , sir , we are not left to inference or conjecture , the conversation with Mr. Knight , and the letters to Mr. Adam , prove beyond a possibility of doubt the malice and resentment with which she was determined to pursue the D. of Y. in case he did not comply with her demands . But it is said that in many most material points the evidence of Mrs. C. is confirmed by other testimony , and that however little credit may be due to her when unsupported , you can not fail to believe her in those instances where she is corroborated by other testimony . I entirely agree with this proposition . The first instance , and perhaps the most important , is the note of the D. of Y. in which it is said , ' I have just received your note , 'and Tonyn 's business shall remain as it 'is . ' I believe this note to be the handwriting of the D. of Y . It is plain upon the evidence , and is indeed admitted , that this note could not be written upon the occasion and for the purpose stated in capt . Sandon 's testimony . I can very well account therefore for the mistake in h. r. h. 's mind , as to this note , from his having coupled it with the purpose im- 294 puted to it by capt . Sandon . Knowing that there was no such purpose he believed there was no such note . I consider this note as conclusive evidence that the D. of Y. did listen to Mrs. C. on the subject of major Tonyn 's promotion ; but as it can not apply to the occasion referred to by capt . Sandon ; and as many meanings may be applied to it in which , it would be perfectly innocent , it can upon no principle be received , unexplained and unintelligible as it is , as evidence of the Duke 's knowledge of Mrs. C. 's corrupt motive in this transaction . The circumstance next in importance as corroborating Mrs. C. is the evidence of Miss Taylor , and I will take the liberty of referring particularly to it . She is asked , 'Were you 'in the habit of visiting in Gloucester Place when Mrs. C. was under the protection of the D. of Y. ? Very frequently.—Did you ever hear the D. of Y. speak to Mrs. C. respecting col. French and his levy ? Once only.—Relate what passed at that time . The Duke 's words were , as nearly as I can recollect , I am continually worried by col. French , he worries me continually about the levy business , and is always wanting something more in his own favour . ' Turning to Mrs. C.I think `` he said , 'How does he behave to you , Darling ? ' or some such kind words as he 'used to use ; that was all that was.said.— ' Do you recollect any thing further passing 'than what you have stated ? Mrs. C. 'replied , 'Middling—not very well ; 'that was all that she said.—Was that the 'whole of the conversation