it is the opinion of this house , after the fullest and most attentive consideration of all the evidence reported to this house , from the Committee appointed to enquire into the conduct of h. r. h. the D. of York , that there is no ground for charging h. r. h. , in the execution of his official duties , as Commander in Chief , with the personal corruption alledged against him in that evidence , or with any connivance at the corrupt and infamous practices which are therein disclosed . '' If , Sir , the house should agree to this Resolution ; if they should think that the evidence before them justifies the conclusion 112 which I draw from it on the charge of corruption , something more , however , will , in my opinion , be still necessary , in respect of what is due to the character and the feelings of this house . We ought not to pass by unnoticed , that which we have had proved at our bar ; and which , as we can not but lament it most deeply , so we ought not to omit to express our sense of it . The hon . gent. , indeed , from the address which he has moved , appears to be of opinion that even if there has been no corruption on the part of h. r. h. , yet that we ought to press for his removal . Now , sir , there I differ most entirely from the hon . gent . When I consider the services of the royal duke ; the services which he has for so long a period been rendering to the army of this country : when I consider that we can not reasonably hope that the country could be supplied with an officer who would be able to perform all the important functions of that high situation so usefully to the public as h. r. h. ; I do think that we should be doing an act of great injustice to the country , if we were to remove him , unless under circumstances which rendered his removal necessary.—But address , to remove him , I admit we must , if his conduct has been criminal . But if there has been no corruption in his conduct , no connivance at the corruption of another , no official guilt ; we may express our concern and regret at all those circumstances relating to Mrs. C. 's connection with h. r. h. , in such a manner as may be consistent with what is due to our own characters , without necessarily bringing upon the public the loss which his removal from office would occasion . But it is obvious , that , if to prevent his removal be an object which we ought to look to , we must so express ourselves as not to render his continuance in office impossible . The mode in which I conceive we may obtain this object , is , by adopting an address to his majesty , which shall first inform him that we have come to a conclusion of our enquiry and are satisfied of the innocence of his son ; —in the following terms : `` That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , humbly representing to his majesty , that in consequence of serious charges against the conduct of h. r. h. the D. of York , in the office of Commander in Chief of his majesty 's army , his faithful Commons thought it their indispensable duty , without loss of `` time , to enquire into the same in the most 113 `` solemn and public manner ; and that , after the most diligent and attentive consideration of the evidence , by which those charges have been attempted to be supported , his majesty 's faithful Commons , considering the deep and lively interest which his majesty must naturally feel , in any enquiry into the conduct of a person in so high and responsible an office , as that of Commander in Chief , more