place in higher life , is soon known in every circle of society , but the transactions which were now under con- 593 sideration had acquired an extraordinary degree of publicity , and the public could not avoid feeling that this profusion was supplied from their money , which bad been granted for different purposes . As to the public opinion guiding the determination of that house , it was a principle that be should not contend for ; but he reminded the house that their strength was in the strength of the people , and that it was from this force of public opinion that government , which were somewhat popular in their form , had the greatest energy and vigour . The house would probably this night divide upon the question , whether an Address to his majesty , or a Resolution , such as that proposed by his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer should be agreed to . He hoped that no consideration , even of the delicacy of the subject , would prevent them from discharging , to the utmost , the duty which they owed to their country . rose and spoke as follows : —However I may differ on many points from my lion , friend ( Mr. Wilberforce ) , who has last addressed the house , I cordially agree with him in the sentiment which lie expressed at the conclusion of his speech , that in the vote to be given this night the character of this house is deeply implicated . And if I have taken a different view , from that which he has taken , of the nature of the vote , in which this house ought to agree , I trust my hon . friend will believe that , in my view of such a subject , I am guided equally with himself , by a sense of what appears to me to be most consistent with the character of the House of Commons , and with the tit discharge of its duty to the Country . I have listened with the most patient attention to the whole of this debate ; distinguished as it has been not more by the unexampled length to which it has been protracted , than by the ability with which it has been conducted on all sides : and , having yet taken no part in the discussion , I may venture without impropriety to say , that whatever the decision of the House may be , the attention with which the question has been discussed can not but be as satisfactory to the country , as it is creditable to the house itself . I have deferred till this late period of the debate taking any part in the discussion , because I was desirous of collecting the opinions which had been formed by other members , and of comparing my own judgment with the result of their de- 594 liberations . I agree with my hon . friend , ( Mr. Wilberforce , ) that no question ever was proposed to this house , upon which , both in the discussion and in its ultimate decision , it was more incumbent upon us sedulously to banish from our view every thing foreign to the merits of the case before us . If there was a man in the house from whom I more confidently anticipated such a sentiment than another , that man was my hon . friend . I have therefore waited for his speech with peculiar anxiety . I looked to him not only for the most accurate deductions and inferences from the evidence , and the strictest and most logical reasoning upon it ; but I expected to find this information in the speech of my hon . friend wholly unmixed with other topics ; pure , and untainted by any thing like prejudice or passion ; and uninfluenced by any of those contrivances and managements which sometimes I am afraid are to be suspected in the votes and divisions of the House of Commons . I felt assured I should not find