and the particular grounds of the belief which produced the proposition he was about to submit.—At the outset of this discussion , he could not help disapproving of the doctrine , which seemed to be held , that the house should shut its eyes against any sort of defence . For himself , he would say , that he did not think that an entire defence had or could be made out for the object of the accusation ; but yet when the house assumed a judicial character , it was fair to let in any defence that might be offered . His opinions as to the propriety of the house assuming such a character at all were well known . His wish at all times was , that they should studiously avoid acting in such a character . For he could fairly say , that whenever they had acted in that capacity , they had seldom done themselves honour . In the case under discussion , however , they had decided differently , and acting as judges , the accusation and the defence were to be fairly and fully weighed from the evidence before them , and from that evidence the house was bound to decide . Upon the nature of that evidence , he had heard many extraordinary doctrines . He was particularly surprised to hear it seriously laid down , that because some of the witnesses had in some instances contradicted themselves , or were contradicted by others , that it therefore followed they were entitled to no attention whatever ; that the house should not 272 decide from any part of their evidence ; What ! was the house to be precluded from considering and discriminating the parts of a witness 's testimony , which was credible , and the parts which were of an opposite nature ? He really thought his right hon . friend , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , quite erroneous in his argument , that because certain witnesses were exceptionable in some parts of their testimony , that testimony should be blotted out altogether . Was that the rule in any court of law or elsewhere ? was it in fact a rule in either our public or private affairs ? Did it follow , or was it an opinion any where entertained , that because a person tells many falsehoods , that person tells no truths ? No : such a rule should not influence the house , whose duty it was to examine the whole of the evidence , and to extract from it carefully so much as was credible and applicable to the question at issue . This was the rule of a court of law , where no witness was ever thrown aside , however prevaricating or contradictory in some respects his testimony might be , if in any respect it bore internal evidence of credibility , or was supported by corroborating circumstances . Applying this principle to the examination of the evidence before the house , every gentleman must be enabled to form an opinion as to the degree of credit due to each , and how that credit should operate upon his judgment , in the decision he was come to upon the whole of the case . With regard to the witnesses to whom his right hon . friend would apply his rule of exclusion , he was free to confesss that the principal ( Mrs. Clarke ) did appear to him to have very little regard for truth . In fact , he hardly ever saw a person to whom truth and falsehood were so indifferent ( a cry of hear , hear , from the Treasury Bench ) —but yet , were not many material parts of this woman 's evidence corroborated by other and indisputable testimony ? —What was to be thought of the documents so unexpectedly found ; of the Note , he would not say so miraculously , as applied to such a thing , but certainly , in so extraordinary a manner preserved and produced to the house ? After such discoveries and corroborations , did it follow