it was now legislating in the dark . stated , that he had not said that abuses did not exist to a great extent . He had only said that they did not exist to so great an extent as had been imagined ; and this he believed to be the case . With respect to the time of bringing forward the bill , the house would recollect that he had given notice of his intention long before the noble lord had proposed the further consideration of the Report of the evidence . The house , he observed , was already in possession of the mode in which these abuses were carried on ; and the remedy would apply whether the extent was small or great . With regard to the prosecution to which the noble lord had alluded , he said that these persons would have had an equal right to have refused to answer questions that might criminate themselves before as after the prosecution ; and besides , it was satisfactory to know , now , that they had not been wanted on the late inquiry , and therefore no inconvenience had in fact arisen . As to the co-operation in the offence of these men , he agreed that it would have been most improper to have tempted them to commit a crime which they would not have committed had it not been for the temptation . But they had been before going on with these offences ; and us to the application of the public money in this way , he saw nothing improper in it . As to the remedy not applying to a case like that of Mrs. Clarke , it was exactly the sort of case to which it would apply most particularly . said , that the allegation of his noble friend was , that upon examination different plans for carrying on these abuses might be discovered , to which the bill would not apply , and therefore he had thought this an improper time for proposing the law . sad , that the benefits which had been experienced by the late extension of inland navigation in Ireland , in consequence of the Act of the Irish Parliament , to which he desired to call the attention of the Committee , were so evident and striking to every one who was acquainted with tire progress of internal im- 825 provement in Ireland , within the last seven or eight years , that it was unnecessary for him to expatiate on it ; he would venture to assert , that no other species of internal improvement , nor any other medium through which public bounty might be bestowed , could produce such marked and decided national advantages as had arisen from the operation of the Act to which he had referred . The increase of agriculture in Ireland ( the prime object of inland navigation ) was a benefit not merely bestowed on that country , in the spirit of liberality , but a measure of sound and necessary policy for this country to adopt ; and one upon which , if any man could heretofore have doubted , the present political and commercial state of Europe and America would furnish sufficient arguments to bring conviction to his mind . It was an uncontroverted fact , that the agriculture of Great Britain had not for many years been equal to the production of grain sufficient for her own consumption ; and that we had , for several years past , most lavishly and improvidently expanded millions in improving and extending the agriculture of foreign and hostile nations , by purchasing their corn , while we suffer the fertile lands of Ireland to remain untilled , for want of a cheap and easy conveyance of their produce to market . It was also admitted , that the deficiency of capital in Ireland was so great as to render it impracticable to obtain an extensive inland navigation , without considerable Parliamentary aids ; and if he was founded in these points , the only thing that remained to be considered was , in what manner