to your terms you 'would expose him ? ' She says , ' I told Mr. William Adam , in a letter , that if he did not fulfil his promises and the Duke 's , by paying me the annuity for which Mr. Adam was the guarantee , and which Mr. Adam promised me should be regularly and punctually paid me , that I should be necessitated to expose h. r. h. 's letters , that was all.—Have you never said ; that if h.r . h. did not come to your terms , you would expose him ? No , never in my life.—Never to any one ? Never to any one whatever , nor is it 'willing at all in me now , I was very angry 'in that letter , and perhaps Mr. Adam will produce it , that goes to the worst part 'that ever I said , or acted.—Is it only in one letter that you have threatened to expose h. r. h. ? Two I have written to ; Mr. Adam , that is all to any one.—Were there threats in both the letters ? They are not threats , I solicited.—Did you I say in those letters that you would expose ; ' h.r . h. ? Mr. Adam I suppose has the , letters , and if he is in the house will per- haps produce them.—Did you accom- pany your solicitations by saying that if they were not complied with , you would 291 expose the Duke ? —I do not recollect that I did , but you had better ask for the letters.—Did you never make any de- duration of that sort to any other person ? ' No , never.—Did you never state to any other person , that if your term ? were not complied with , you would expose the Duke , or use any terms to that effect ? I have told you before I did not.—Are you quite certain of that ? Yes , quite . ' Is not Mrs. Clarke here , therefore , flatly contradicted by a most unimpeachable witness . The hon . gent . whose speech last night made such an impression upon the house , stated , that there was no contradiction between Mrs. Clarke and Mr. 'Knight , but the hon . gent . had certainly overlooked the material parts of their evidence . Now , Sir , the next case in which she is contradicted by an unimpeachable witness , is that in which she is contradicted by the hon . gent . who has taken the lead on this enquiry . Mrs. Clarke was asked by the Attorney General on Wednesday , the first day of her examination , — ' Did you see col. Wardle yester- 'day ? ' She answers , ' I think I did.— ' Have you any doubt , are you not cer- 'tain that you saw him yesterday ? No , ' I did not see him yesterday.—Are you 'certain now , that you did not see him yes- 'terday ? I think that I am , I do not 'think I was at home all day . ' Now , Sir , how does the fact stand , according to the testimony of the hon . gent . who leads this enquiry . He states that he called upon her on that Tuesday about eleven or twelve o'clock in the forenoon , that he then went with her , in her carriage , to the end of the King 's road , that he called upon her again about three o'clock in the afternoon of that day , and staid with her about half an hour , and that he afterwards saw her , in her drawing room , about nine o'clock that evening . Now , Sir , can it be believed that Mrs. C. who had seen this gentleman three times in the course of that day , could the very next day have forgotten that she had ever seen him once . And it is not plain , more especially to gentlemen who witnessed the mode