; the remainder he has , as he informed us , in his pocket . I have not had the benefit of seeing them . I am therefore quite unable to discuss them . But it is fair and candid to suppose , that the learned gent . has put forward those which made the strongest impression upon his mind , and appeared to him of the greatest value . I will examine them . They amount to this , that Mrs. C. having been asked , whether she ever passed herself for a widow , or for the wife of Mr. Dowler , flatly denies that she ever did so : in which she is contradicted by different respectable witnesses . By whom is her testimony upon these points impeached ? By witnesses who are all unimpeachable ? By no means . Unless the being called on the part of the D. of Y , can purge off all impurities , and impart veracity and integrity . First , I will consider the evidence of that tremendous witness , Mr. Nicholls , upon whom so much stress has been laid ! Before I agree in the opinion expressed of his purity , I must revert to the manner in which he became possessed of the letters which he produced ; and to the fact , that , having possessed himself of them in the clandestine manner proved upon him , he dared refuse to give them up to the right owner ? He knew they were sent down to be burnt . He knew their contents ; for he had read them after the investigation began . He knew that they affected the character of Mrs. C. and were material to her support . According to the evidence given by Mr. Lowten , he trusted him , Mr. Lowten , with a slight examination of the letters , which Circumstance he did not mention himself . Now , sir , after such conduct , I can not assent to the perfect purity of Mr. Nicholls . Does he prove what the learned judge asserts , that Mrs. C. made him believe that she was married to Mr. Dowler ? There is a positive contradiction to his own testimony out of his own mouth , as to his belief of her being the wife of Mr. Dowler , because he has stated , that he never applied to Mr. Dowler for the satisfaction of his debt . We must not forget the 184 acute question put by my noble friend with which that part of the examination was closed : `` Did you ever apply to Mr. Dowler for the satisfaction of your debt ? '' and the short conclusive answer `` Never . '' Sir , when Mr. Nicholls has so positively contradicted himself , by such an avowal , I must be excused for not laying very great stress on the parts of his evidence , which go to the contradiction of another witness ; especially when I consider that amongst all the letters , found in his possession and elsewhere , there is not a single scrap of paper addressed to her under the name of Dowler , and that Nicholls himself says she never was called , or Went by the name of Dowler . In corroboration of the evidence of Mr. Nicholls , ( which was quite needful , ) we have the master and the waiter of Reid 's hotel , who tell you that for the purpose of meeting together at that hotel , Mrs. C. pretended to be , and was supposed by Mr. Reid and his servant to be the wife of Dowler ; and that he should not otherwise have suffered her to come into his house . Upon a review of the conduct of Nicholls , respecting the letters of Mrs. Clarke ; I am not uncharitable in doubting , whether she ever told him she was a widow . That he did not believe her to be Mr. Dowler 's wife , he has convinced us . As to what passed at Reid 's Hotel , when the