not ( which might so easily have been done ) obliterate it ( hear ! ) . I do not mean to say , that there is any great merit in not having done wrong ; but when the noble lord throws out an insinuation of something like forgery , it is but fair to show that the fact , which excited his suspicion , is the very fact that proves that it was groundless ; and if any deductions are to be drawn from this circumstance , they are entirely to the advantage of col. Gordon , and the complete refutation of the noble lord . The next case in which col. Gordon is attacked , is that of capt . Maling ; and here there is almost a charge of prevarication against him . The noble lord has said , that col. Gordon , when asked about capt . Maling , instead of answering with reference to the capt . Maling who was in his office , and whom he must have known to be meant , answered about another , who was 448 not at all inquired after . This , sir , is another of the noble lord 's candid representations ; he may forget , but does the house forget , that the reverse of what the noble lord states is the fact . About whom , in truth , was col. Gordon questioned ? about whom was the charge itself made ? Why , about a Mr. Maling , who was a clerk in Greenwood 's office ; and who had obtained three commissions in rapid succession , and who finally was a Captain in the Royal African Corps . And with regard to this person , who was actually the subject of enquiry , col. Gordon answered . What was it the noble lord would have had col. Gordon say ? He would have had him reply concerning a person , to whom none of the circumstances applied ; who never was in Greenwood 's office ; who had not received three commissions in rapid succession ; and who is not , and never was , in the African Corps ! This style of answering in col. Gordon would , to be sure , have satisfied the noble lord , who , indeed , is greatly enamoured with the very similar style of Mrs. C. Of course , sir , I am not at all surprised that the noble lord , and those who think Mrs. C. 's evidence incontrovertible , should also think that col. Gordon 's is liable to suspicion . I am not surprised that the hon . bart . should agree with the noble lord ; but I shall deeply regret , if they can influence any other persons in the house to entertain the same opinion , I am not surprised they should cling to the testimony of Mrs. C. , who would discredit at once the humble veracity of Mr. Nichols , and the high-minded honour of col. Gordon . They despise morals in the low , and integrity in the exalted ; and will believe only this woman , who had neither integrity nor morals . But to whose evidence will the house ( under all the circumstances of our inquiry ) , give the preference ? In Courts of Law witnesses are sworn , and they speak under the sanction of sacred obligations , and the peril of future , as well as temporal , punishment : before us , witnesses are not on their oath ; they are only bound by considerations of reputation and character : of course , then , the higher the rank , the greater is the sanction under which their testimony is given . Whom , then ( exclusively of other considerations ) , should we believe , col. Gordon , who speaks with all the responsibility of his high character ( a responsibility not inferior , in honourable 449 minds , to that imposed by legal forms ) , or Mrs. C. , who is neither bound by the sanctity of law , nor restrained by any deference