capt . Tonyn ) to be gazetted , and is fearful it will be done ere he can stop it ; he will be at the office tomorrow , and , if not too late , will stop it . He assured me it was entirely owing to me that he thought to do the best , by putting him where two Majors had left , Astlett and Bligh , and he would of course be two steps higher . I hope to see you to-morrow , when you will be able to give mc the answer from Tonyn . I shall be in town about five . `` —Now , sir , this information , which she pretends to give , is false . There was no regiment from which majors Astlett and Bligh had been removed . It must have been therefore mere invention to impose upon Sandon and Tonyn , or both for the moment , to induce them the more readily to believe that she had been instrumental in procuring the appointments from the Duke . But how can you apply this letter to the note in question ? The words of the note are , `` I have received your note , and Tonyn 's business shall remain as it is . `` The letter which I have just read , from Mrs. C. to Sandon , was written on Thursday the 17th ; it was sent by the Twickenham post , and received in town the same evening ; and she says in it that she is to be in town at five o'clock the next day . The D. of Y. was to go to the office on Friday , to try and stop the promotion . It is not stopped . If this note then was written at this time , `` it shall remain as it is , '' must mean that it should go on . But this would be inconsistent with the supposition ; for if he went to the office under a promise to stop it , and found he could not , that it was too late , —he would have said , `` but it must remain as it is , '' —not , `` and it shall ; '' the language of the note implies giving effect to the wish which he was desired to execute . But suppose we ascribe this to a little inaccuracy of language , yet if , in consequence of his own promise made to her in person at Weybridge , he was giving her an account of his inability to perform it , he never would hare begun by saying , `` I have received your note ; '' he would have referred to their conversation at Weybridge , and not to a note which upon this supposition , could never hare been written . All the evidence , therefore , which we have the means of applying to this note , leaves it wholly unexplained ; not only does it not afford a clue to understand it , 110 as capt . Sandon would explain it , but it is utterly inconsistent with that explanation ; if we are to endeavour then to interpret it by conjecture ; if we are to let our imagination loose upon the subject , without either written evidence or parole evidence to assist us ; we may invent an interpretation which may render it perfectly innocent . Mrs. C , wanting to impose upon capt . Tonyn , may have pretended to the . Duke that he was an old friend of hers , and that she had seen him , and found that he had heard some story which had alarmed him , lest the promotion which h. r. h. had promised him was to be stopped , and was extremely anxious about it . `` If there is no ground for this a arm , merely write me a short note about it : if you only say that his business shall remain as it is , it will be sufficient . `` —The Duke , on the receipt of