been spared the shame , and the public the disgust , too fatally attending this whole proceeding . Irritated as she must have been , reasonably irritated , against the D. of Y. , did she preserve the materials with care , by which alone she could have carried her plans into execution ? Would she , in that case , have given her letters in heaps to the landlord of the house where she lodged , to have been burned ? some of them have been preserved in an extraordinary manner , and were produced , not by herself , but against her ; nevertheless , confirming many of 179 those parts of her evidence , which appeared the most improbable and extravagant . Sir , I do not find , in the evidence which she delivered at the bar , any indications of such feelings of vengeance . Did she immediately and eagerly produce the fatal manuscripts of the royal Duke , which are now recorded upon the Minutes of evidence ? Did not a circumstance of a most important nature intervene , between the first examination of Mrs. C. and the production of those letters ? Had not gen. Clavering voluntarily appeared at the bar , for the avowed purpose of impeaching her credibility ? This witness introduced himself to the house , by a formal application to the Attorney General ; stating that he had something of great moment to communicate . We were all anxious to know what this communication , could be No one doubted , but that its effect would be the destruction of Mrs. Clarke as a witness . It very soon appeared to the house , that the General had not very correct ideas of the nature of evidence , and that the ground , upon which he attempted to impeach her credibility by the assertion she had made to him relative to her living with a Mr. Mellish , was not tenable . But he flatly contradicted her , as to his canvassing some members of parliament at her instance , to vote for a particular measure ; and he asserted , with the greatest solemnity , that he never was acquainted with any person , who ever asked Mrs. C. to use her influence with the Commander in Chief , on the subject of army promotions . It has been well stated by an honourable member , that he who ventures to impeach the testimony of another , should himself come with clean hands . That gen. Clavering came with clean hands all must have agreed ; and although , when scrutinized , his evidence amounted to nothing in point of falsifying the testimony of Mrs. C. , the language of the hour was , that general Clavering had thrown discredit upon her ; the prevailing opinion in the house , the triumphant statement of the friends of the D. of Y. was , that after such an attack on the part of a person of high honour and consideration , who had been acquainted with her for some years , no faith could be given to any thing she said . Then , and not till then , did Mrs. C. produce the letter from the D. of Y. , which mentions the name-of gen. Clavering , and disproves the assertion he had made at your bar . Then , and not tilt then , did she 180 tell the story of her having made an application to the Commander in Chief , on the behalf of that very man , who had officiously presented himself to impeach her credibility , whilst she had in her power the means by which she afterwards proved , that he , and not herself , had given false witness . Then , and not till then , did she produce under the D. of Y . 's hand-writing , a confirmation of the improbable tale she had related , about the recommendation of Dr. O'Meara to a bishopric . Who for a single moment believed that story when it was first told ? Who did not treat it as a fiction