highness . '' objected to the course proposed by the right hon . gentleman ; for if the Amendment were received on the Journals , there would appear no ground for any further proceeding beyond that of the acquittal of the Duke of York from the charge of personal corruption and criminal connivance . That the house should have decided in favour of proceeding by Resolution instead of Address , was to him a matter of regret , because much might be conveyed in an Address which could not consistently be stated in a Resolution . The character of the Duke of York , he considered as public property , because the public were interested that a person so near the throne should not be tainted with any crime , or the suspicion of any crime . It was , therefore , in the highest degree essential to ascertain the conduct , and establish the character of a person so circumstanced . If the Duke of York should prove to have been guilty of personal corruption , a bill of exclusion must naturally follow . In an hereditary monar- 648 chy a person of corrupt and vicious character might happen to occupy the throne ; but if such character were previously known in this country , parliament was armed with the power of averting the evil . For himself , he would say , that his opinion decidedly was , that the charge of corruption had not been brought home to the Duke of York : that the evidence before the house did not establish the fact . He had no objection to declare a negative to that charge . He should say , that corruption was not proved ; but did it follow , that that amounted to a complete acquittal ? No ; that was yet to be determined . According to the opinion of the public , the case had been already disposed of . The general impression was , that the Duke of York had had a full acquittal by the house of commons ( a cry of no , no ! ) . Sure he was , that according to all he heard without doors such an opinion did prevail . Now what did the Chancellor of the Exchequer propose ? Why , that the house should , by a preliminary Resolution , pledge itself to decide upon a certain part of the case before it . As far as this Resolution went , he did not object , because he concurred in the allegation , that the evidence did not bear out the charge of personal corruption ; but he wished the Resolution to go farther . After disposing of the charge of corruption , as it affected the Duke of York 's character , in his royal station , the house was then called upon to consider his conduct as a public functionary ; and if a member of the royal family accepted a responsible situation , he was as liable to answer for his conduct in that situation as any other individual whatever who might happen to hold it . Now , viewing the Duke of York as a public functionary , could it be maintained , that although acquitted of personal corruption in the transactions disclosed to the house , there were no other matters worthy to inquire into ; would the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer maintain , that there were not various circumstances and disclosures in the evidence which demanded the most serious attention of the house , as well as the charge of personal corruption in the Duke of York ? There evidently were . Therefore it was necessary first to acquit the Duke of York of personal corruption ; and , secondly , to consider his conduct as Commander in Chief . Had the right hon . gent . any objection to that course ? If he had not , why confine his Resolution to the mere object of corruption , in order that it should 649 go out to the public , that that alone was under the consideration or within the jurisdiction