, at variance with the evidence of others and of herself . I shall confine myself to the exposure of some calumnies , and the refutation of some pointed insinuations against the D. of Y. ; which course , while it does justice to him , will also exhibit in the strongest light the incredibility of Mrs. Clarke . I own , sir , I have net seen and heard without deep indignation the credit and the applause which this woman has received , the praises we have heard of her talents and her wit ! Sir , her talents are audacity , and her wit falsehood ! and any other person , who would equally dare to cast modesty and truth as far aside as she has done , would merit the same eulogies . I do not mean to say that she is altogether unartful in her falsehood , or thoughtless in her audacity . I do not mean to say that she has not had cunning advisers , and that she does not execute with some show of success their concerted projects . I believe she does ; and to this it is that we owe the apparent reluctance with which she appeared at our bar . She was , I doubt not , informed , and very truly , that the voluntary evidence of an accomplice would be received with great caution ; and to give a contrary and false colour to her testimony , was therefore her earliest care . Her first attempt at this delusion was her denial of having had any intercourse with the hon . member opposite ( col. Wardle ) , on the day previous to her examination : 'She had not seen him at all on that day : ' and she gave her reasons for being so positive in her recollection . The hon . member did not at first contradict her so decidedly as might have been expected ; but , after a day or two , he begged leave to correct his evidence ; and then indeed the opposition between them became pretty direct ; —she saying that they had not seen each other at all ; he owning at first , to two , and , on being pressed , to three , interviews . Nor was it a falsehood into which a defect of memory could have betrayed her , because it occurred during an examination on the Wednesday , relative to what had passed the very day before ; and further , it appears that on that very morning of the Wednesday , she wrote a note to Mr. Donovan , stating 'that she had seen col. Wardle the day before , and that they had had conversations about this business , and advising Donovan not to be backward , in considera- 435 tion of which he should not be pressed on other subjects . ' This needs no comment . She denies a fact that is incontestably true , and which she must have remembered , merely that she may impose upon us , and receive a degree of credence , to which , if the truth had been told , she feels that she has no claim . The noble lord says that Mrs. C. has been in no one instance contradicted by a credible witness ; she is here contradicted by the hon . member ; is he credible ? But it does not even rest on his credit , for her own letter is decisive against her . Again , sir , she would have persuaded us that she is so entirely adverse to this proceeding against the Duke , that `` if she had guessed that Mr. Wardle had meaned to make this use of her information , she would have denied it all : '' rather than bring the Duke to this shame , she would deny it all ! This , indeed , is the height of magnanimity . The Duke ill treats her , the Duke discards her ; yet she has no wish to injure him in return ! Why , sir , had this