instead of exposing her and her plot , or proving her falsehood , should also corroborate and confirm in many material circumstances her statements : and what was more wonderful , circumstances past , and of which she had lost all recollection , seemed still to be within the reach of her influence , and presented themselves when least looked for to support her plot . The Attorney General , after exhausting all his professional skill , in a worrying cross-examination of several hours , at last gave up ; defeated by the superior skill of Mrs. C. in disguising falsehood , over the Attorney General in detecting it ; so that Mrs. C. and falsehood were left to triumph over truth and the lawyer . Mrs. C. must indeed be a wonderful genius if she was capable of getting up such a drama as this ; and he should just as soon believe her capable of writing Macbeth as of devising ' such a tale , and contriving to get it supported by such evidence as the charges before the house had been . But this supposition was in itself so extravagant , that he should not have adverted to it , if it were not to show that they who were for denying Mrs. C. all claim to credit are forced to have recourse to such preposterous suppositions . A great deal more than appeared to him to be necessary had been said about the laws of evidence ; he would make on this point but one remark ; the most general rule of evidence , with which every one was acquainted , was that in every case the best possible evidence should be produced , and it must depend upon the nature of the case ; 369 for the law compels no one to an impossibility . In matters which are from the nature of them secret , the same sort of evidence can not he expected as in plain open transactions ; the same proof can not be expected of corruption as of the signing of a deed or transmitting an estate . He wished them to apply this general rule to the case before them , and to say whether they had not now before them the best possible evidence the nature of the case admitted . ( Hear ! hear ! ) Putting now out of the question the credibility of she witnesses , lie asked what more could they expect to have heard on those Charges than they had heard already ? He would say for his part , that there had been much more direct proof than he had thought could have been possibly produced . Let the house consider that all evidence must be according to the nature of the case . And did they in the present expect to have it proved that the money had been actually put into the hand of the D. of Y. ? Impossible ! Did they think that if the D. of Y. had been in the habit of those corrupt practices that he invited witnesses to the knowledge of them ; or held levees and days of audience to give them notoriety ? Would he not rather use the most circumspect caution , to avoid the possibility of proof , and baffle justice , should he at any time be questioned for such practices ? Taking all these things into consideration , the evidence before them did appear to him the best possible the nature of the case admitted , and went far beyond what he could have believed it possible to have adduced . He did not believe that it would have been within the scope of possibility to have brought these charges home personally , as they were , to the Duke ; and it was with pain he saw too convincingly in the Duke this open and apparent shame . The Chancellor of the Exchequer had begun his speech in defence of the D. of Y. , by an appearance of candour , very usual with the gentlemen of the long robe , making thereby an impression in their favour