of all influences supposed to prevail in that house , popular influence was that against which they had the least occasion to be warned . It was that of all others the least suspected to prevail . There were indeed other sorts of influence which it might be supposed by some to be more necessary to guard against . It was suspected , out of this house , that wealth , power and emolument , and the hopes of wealth and power , and all those low interested motives which operate upon the minds of ordinary men out of this house , and even of members of this house when not within its walls . He said , it was generally suspected by those out of doors , who were not so well acquainted with the purity of our motives as we are who have the good fortune to sit within these walls ; who do not know , as we do , that all motives but those of pure disinterested patriotism are shaken off in the lobby , when we shake the dust from off our feet , and are not brought into the house with us . He said , that persons out of doors , who do not know , as we do , that nothing but pure patriotism and honour , and love of our country determine our votes , such persons are suspicious that our vote upon this occasion may be influenced by those ordinary motives , which , out of this house , influence in common affairs of life ordinary men ; and do look at us therefore with jealousy , fearing , from the rank and interest of the party , that we shall not do justice . But he was persuaded the people wanted nothing but justice : they had no desire to see the D. of Y. or any body else oppressed . The people of England had always been distinguished throughout the world for their love of justice ; and if they looked with any jealousy to the conduct of the house upon that occasion , it was only from the suspicion that justice would not be done : and so convinced was he of that being the case , that if the Chancellor of the Exchequer would but get up , before we come to the vote , and request of those gentlemen on the treasury bench with him , and others around him who hold offices of emolument under the crown , or whose immediate relations do ; if , said sir Francis , he would but rise and request of those persons to have the goodness to follow him out of the house , before we come to the vote , I have no doubt but that vote , though probably of a thin house , would nevertheless give more satisfaction than any vote from the time of the Revolution down to 393 the present moment . The people would be completely satisfied , whether the D. of Y. was acquitted or otherwise ; because they would believe that honest justice had been done . ( Hear ! hear ! ) The defenders of h. r. h. had condescended to employ on his behalf the last resource of a desperate cause , an appeal to general character . But here , unfortunately , they as eminently failed as in every other part of their case . Tine regulations , it had been asserted , were made in the army . We had seen that those regulations , like elastic bands , could be made to fit all h. r. h. 's purposes : but even adulation had not pretended that a single feather from the eagle 's wing adorned h. r. h. 's crest , nor would this over be otherwise : For 't is highest Heaven 's command That vicious aims should sordid paths pursue , That what corrupts the heart , should curb the hand , And virtue 's faithless foes be false to glory too . Whether he considered the circumstances , the documents , the proofs , the defence , or the character