the original Address only in one word , that is , as far as respected the material parts . In the first , his royal highness was accused of a knowledge of the corrupt transactions ; in the second , suspicion was substituted for knowledge ; for his part , he could see no difference between those expressions ; it was a fine-drawn distinction , too minute for his glance . The Amendment , so far from recommending itself by its greater lenity and forbearance , was , if possible , worse than the original Address ; it was not so direct , so plain , so manly . A noble lord and an hon . bart , had inculcated the necessity ' of coming to a decision with unprejudiced minds ; it would be well to do so ; but he had his apprehensions ; he could not help conceiving , that there were persons who would take strong views upon that subject ; who , thinking that government was disgraced by prostitution would transfer their sentiments unavoidably into the matter of that night 's debate , and the feeling of that night 's decision . This he could not help thinking , and he was of opinion that such persons were as likely to came with prejudiced minds , as they who believed in a principle of human nature , which would not easily permit it to descend . He was of opinion , that they were as likely to act from prejudice , as those who had imbibed higher ideas of the integrity of mankind at large . It had been proposed , that all who held places should quit the house on the decision , as if the possession of a place could preclude men from the possibility of coming to a just decision . They had sufficient evidence before them to acquit the Duke of York ; whatever might be the termination of that business , it had done the House of Commons great honour ; and whatever feelings the people might , for a short while be impressed with , he was confident that but a little reflexion , and a little time , would be necessary to convince them of the justice of that line of conduct which he hoped the house would adopt . in explanation , said , that if his memory served him rightly , he did not represent Mrs. Clarke 's testimony alone as sufficient to convict any person ; 490 but he bad said , that her testimony , corroborated as it was , had nothing in it that should render it incredible . He had been accused of saying , that any one who voted upon the other side , must be influenced by prejudice ; but he had only said that a right hon . gent . opposite , in excluding all the evidence that made against the side he espoused , appeared to him to be labouring under something of that description . said , that he wished to offer a few words upon the evidence , but would not detain the house by going at any length into the detail . He wished to refer to some points , more particularly to the case of Kennel . It had been said , that the Duke of York applied to him ( Mr. Long ) for a place for that gentleman . He denied that any such application was made from that quarter ; in the first instance application had certainly been made to him through sir Horace Mann , and the Duke of York , he believed , seconded it . An hon . gent , opposite had said , that this was the strongest proof of Mrs. Clarke 's credibility , and slated farther , that the Duke of York must have procured sir Horace Mann , a respectable member of parliament , to lend his name to the transaction , and become an instrument of his corrupt designs . In this he ( Mr. Long ) could not concur . There was a letter , applying to the Duke of York ,