this nether world , in which we men of business are versed and agitated , I can well conceive with what compassionate contempt he must regard those petty conflicts to which we are exposed , and from which he himself is free . But never did I conceive that my hon . friend could think so ill of us , 617 as to imagine that we had no guide or motive in our whole conduct but political animosity . If to employ men of another party be a presumption * of guilt in the employer , I am as guilty as any man : and the fault , or the virtue , be it which it may , which I have occasionally practised myself , I know not why Mr. Brook Watson should not have practised , in the case of Mr. Dowler ; sprung though he were from the loins of Deputy Dowler , the most hostile , in political opinion , to the worthy Commissary himself . `` Dwells such a mighty rage in little men ? '' or is it possible that my hon . friend can have meant gravely to state this as the reason which operates upon his mind to convince him of the Duke of Yolk 's share in this appointment ? Sir , the whole of this matter was new to me ; the whole of this scene of high life below-stairs in politics ; upon which my hon . friend lays so much stress . I did not know what were the politics of the worthy Deputy : but this I certainly did know , that Mr. Commissary Brook Watson had a wooden leg ; and if the Deputy had not one , I confess this accidental difference would have appeared just as conclusive to my mind , against the appointment of Dowler 's son , as that which my hon . friend has so solemnly proclaimed and exaggerated . As a proof of guilt in the Duke of York , either of these surmises would be precisely of equal value . But my hon . friend tells us that all the world knew of this connexion ; that it was matter of notoriety that the Duke of York was living in this state of disgraceful concubinage with Mrs. Clarke . I do assure the House , in the most solemn manner , that I did not know it ; and that the first time that , to my recollection , I ever heard the name of Mrs. Clarke , was in this house , from the lips of the hon . gent , who is the accuser upon this occasion . I may be giving a great proof of my ignorance of what is going on in the world , by this declaration : but upon my honour it is true ; and that of which I was ignorant may have been equally unknown to others . This utter ignorance it was , coupled with the utter disbelief which I felt , of the Duke of York 's submitting to the sort of traffic imputed to him , ( a feeling which I should entertain in its full force , if I were to hear the same charges to-morrow brought against any honourable gentleman on the opposite benches , ) that extorted 618 from me , on the night when the hon . gent , opened his charges , those expressions of indignation which I have so often , in the course of this debate , been called upon to retract or to explain . Sir , I have nothing to retract on that score ; nothing to explain : but I have something to deny . I did say that `` infamy must rest somewhere '' , but I did not say that it must rest `` either on the accuser or on the accused '' . I affirm this with confidence ; not only from my recollection of the words , but from my recollection of what was the state of mind in which I spoke , and what the scope and purview of my statement on that occasion