of whom a list , amounting to thirteen in number , has been given to me since I entered the house . The motion was seconded by the Secretary at War himself , ( as I have been given to understand ) , and my further information is , that with the opposition of only one general officer , it was received with acclamation . That it was , in consequence of that opposition , withdrawn ; that the proposition was not set aside , but deferred , with the probability of its being revived . Sir , I have reason to suppose that this is not a solitary instance of an intention to present an Address to his royal highness ; because having accidentally met with a very respectable person in the street , a bookseller well known to the gentlemen on the other side ; ( Mr. Stockdale we apprehend ) he communicated to me a singular application that had been made to him by a clergyman , who wished to find some person who was qualified to correct an Address to the Duke of York , paying him many just compliments , and at the same time suggesting to him the impropriety of his resignation . The good sense of the gentleman I have alluded to , led him to dissuade the person who addressed him from a measure so improper , and of such dangerous tendency . If the first step had been taken , the contagion might have spread far , and the consequences might have been fatal . I am 742 not in the least afraid of this now . To have mentioned the intention is sufficient to prevent its being carried into execution . As Caesar stopped his mutinous legions , simply by addressing them with the term `` Quirites , '' the bare statement of the disorderly nature of the proposition which was entertained , will prevent its adoption . I have the satisfaction to see several gentlemen of high military rank in their places , and I am sure , whatever their feelings relatively to the Duke of York may be , they will agree with me in the propriety of what I have said . In this instance , I feel the advantage which results from the proper admixture of persons of the military profession in this house : they are capable of assisting our deliberations upon important questions , and they form a most useful channel of communication of the popular feeling to the body to which they belong . Sir , I do not foresee from the resignation of the Duke of York , those evil consequences anticipated in a former debate by an hon . officer ( gen. Loftus ) . I can not believe that it is necessary for a son of the Sovereign to hold the situation of Commander in Chief , for the protection of the army against the intrigues by which ministers would in other hands make it subservient to their purposes in this house . What a picture does the hon . officer draw of the state of the country , of the corruptions existing in the government and the representative body . Sir . I hope it is unjust . But even if it were not , of the two evils I should esteem it by far the greatest , that a Commander in Chief could be continued in his office in defiance of such accusations , and so supported , against him , as those which have been so long under the view of this house . None but a person so connected , could have been in the situation so long and so improperly retained by the Duke of York , for two days even after the exhibition of the charges . With the resignation of his royal highness , however tardy , I am satisfied . My hon . friend may be satisfied with the issue of the enquiries , and with the situation in which he stands . I am sure he has the thanks and good opinion of most of those whom he values in this