the grounds on which lie bad voted . It was with the greatest regret that he felt himself obliged to give a vote against any branch of the royal family , but an imperious sense of duty compelled him to declare , that he thought enough had been proved at the bar to justify the original Address . said , that the full conviction on his mind , after the most diligent perusal and consideration of the evidence , was , that it would not warrant an opinion that the Duke of York was guilty of corruption , or of participation in corruption , or connivance in corrupt practices . After declaring this to be their opinion , as he thought the house must do , it would he deserting their duty if they did not come to a decision upon the other matters developed in the course of the investigation . There were two parties before the house , the Duke of York and the country , and justice must be rendered to both . They were called on , in justice to the Duke of York and to the public , to pronounce a sentence upon him for the crimes committed against society . as an honest man intended to vote upon the question . He had considered the case fully and fairly , and was of opinion that the Duke of York had not been guilty of any corrupt practices whatever . There were documents upon the table , which shewed that to be the fact , and he therefore thought it to be his duty to support the proposition of his right hon . friend . said , that he never had received nor ever expected to receive a favour from the Duke of York . The vote he had given he gave from the most disinterested and unbiassed motives . He had been influenced solely by a sense of common justice to his royal highness . The hon . bart . then commented on what bad fallen from the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) , who thought there was no corruption or connivance , and yet had something to censure , to which he could give no name or description . ( knight of Kerry ) from the importance of the question before the house , should not feel satisfied with himself , if he gave a silent vote on the occasion . No hon . member of that house could stand clearer of any connection with the royal family than himself , jet no person would more keenly feel for the degradation of any part of that family than he should ; but there was a duty which he owed to the public , and that duty obliged him to say , that the royal Duke did not appear to stand , by any means , clear of the charge of connivance , if not of corruption . He had felt it his duty to vote for both the Addresses ; but in doing so , he declared that no hon . member who had voted in either of the Majorities against those Addresses could possibly have felt greater pain than he would at the disgrace or degradation of any branch of the illustrious family to which the royal Duke belonged . He objected to the Resolution of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , because it was professedly to end in an Address , supposing he had no objection to the matter contained in that Resolution . He had voted for the Addresses , because he approved of the matter , though he thought an Address was not the most desirable mode of proceeding , and that for two reasons ; one , that he did not think that house was to call in the aid of the crown to do that which they were sufficient to do themselves ; and another was , that an Address on such a subject did not appear to him to be the best mode of consulting the feelings of a sovereign and a father ; yet even with those