arose a mixed cry of order ! order ! hear ! hear ! ) He was stating what impression such conduct , according to his view of it , was calculated to produce ; and he would go further , and avow that such had been the effect upon his mind . It had been said that the hon . member who had brought forward these charges had embarked in a small skiff on a tempestuous sea ; the sea might have been tempestuous , and for aught he knew the skiff might have been small ; but however violent the tempest , or however small the size of the vessel in which he had embarked , he had fixed his eye steadily on the polar star of truth , and found her hallowed influence sufficient to light him through the perils of the deep ; through the angry conflicts of the winds and waters , and to guide him ultimately to the haven of security and honour . In coming before the representatives of the people to complain of public grievances and corrupt practices , the hon . member had met with a reception as ungracious as it was unjust ; he had been threatened with infamy in case of failure in the 366 proof of the corruption he complained of ; he was unfairly placed in this dilemma . Infamy , it was said , must attach somewhere , either to the accuser or the accused . Did it , he would ask , rest with the accuser ? or now that the evidence had been gone through , that every man is in possession of the case , was there any doubt in the breast of any man that the hon . member who had brought forward these charges , had , in the prosecution of them , acquitted himself with frankness , integrity , and honour ? ( Hear ! hear ! hear ! ) this being the case , then , he left the right hon . Secretary hanging on one or other of the horns of this dilemma ; somewhere the infamy must rest ; and if he could place it no where else , he must be content to let it rest upon his own shoulders . The hon . and the learned Chancellor of the Exchequer had made a very elaborate , and , perhaps , a very ingenious , but certainly a very injudicious and a very weak defence for the D. of Y . That speech had received great praise , which it was not for him to censure as improper ; but he did confess himself at a loss to know what part of that speech , or of its character , had any just claim to approbation . It could not be its sandour , for never was any speech more uncandid ; it could not be its fairness of reasoning , for never was speech more sophistical ; it could not be the comprehensiveness of its views , for never was there a. more confined view taken of any question ; it could not be its impartiality , for it regarded only one side and one party ; it could not be its accuracy , for it omitted many things and unstated more ; it could not be its propriety , for instead of summing up as a judge , it pleaded as an advocate . What it was , therefore , that constituted the excellence of that speech , he left to those who had bestowed their praises on it to discover ; unless it will be contended that the character of the advocate , in which the hon . gent , had appeared throughout this inquiry , was that which became him , and which he ought by preference to have assumed : in that case , he did acknowledge that the speech in that point of view , as a professional effort , as the speech of an advocate anxious in behalf of a client , was entitled to the praise , whatever that might he , of ingenuity : but even then it