great deal of honour , and which also did much honour to Mrs. C. This case , then , fully proved the almost boundless influence over h. r. h. possessed by this woman ; for it was one of the last things that could have been listened to , had it not been for this circumstance , and if the whole had been known , it would have been regarded as a personal affront by every officer in the regiment to which he was appointed ( Hear ! hear ! ) . The fourth case was that of Dr. O'Meara , which proved that the influence of Mrs. C. was not confined to military promotions , but extended to instances where all decency was outraged . The fifth case was that of Mr. Elderton , where her interference was proved by his own letters ; while the step taken by the D. of Y. , in mentioning him to Greenwood , shewed his knowledge of the transaction . He had seen little in Mrs. C. that added to the great objection against her , which arose from her situation , but his vote would have been the same , though her evidence had been expunged.—Mr . Wynn then replied to the objections against the evidence of Mr. Dowler . This gentleman appeared to have been the favourite paramour of Mrs. C. and had expended considerable sums of money upon her , and on that account it had been asserted that he was not to be believed when 429 he said that he had given her 1,000l . for his place in the Commissariat . But why should his having expended a great deal of money upon her be an argument against his giving 1,000l . for this appointment ? It had been said that this was more than the appointment was worth . Perhaps so ; but was it incredible that Dowler should , with a view to favour Mrs. C. , persuade his father to give more for it than it was worth ? He had not , indeed , confessed his having slept with Mrs. C. But , surely , something was to be allowed for that feeling of decency which did not altogether abandon even the most profligate persons . Dowler had stated at the bar , that he had got the appointment solely through the influence of Mrs. C. In opposition to this , it had been said that he himself had affirmed that he had got it through the interest of Sir Brook Watson . This , however , was explained by the circumstance of his having a constant desire to conceal that he owed the appointment to Mrs. C. If he had got the appointment through the influence of Sir Brook Watson , was it not extraordinary that no traces of this could be found in the papers of Sir Brook , a man who was remarkable for his accuracy in all his transactions ? Was it not extraordinary that no traces of it should exist in the Treasury or any where else ? All these things confirmed the evidence of his having got the appointment through the influence of Mrs. C. with the D. of Y. Dowler 's father besides followed a different line of politics from Sir Brook Watson ; and upon the whole , if any person was to be in future in the situation of Mrs. C. , the officers of the army could not easily be convinced that she would not have similar influence , and might go and offer her money . The Chancellor of the Exchequer 's proposed Address went to express the confidence of the house , that , from the regret which h. r. h. had stated himself , as feeling on account of his connection with Mrs. C. no such connection would be formed in future . In that confidence he was sorry he could not join , and the letter of h. r. h. did not express any general regret for his conduct ; but merely a regret that he had ever formed a connection which had been attended with such consequences .