however I may have a preference of one over the other . I speak , of course , of the forms of proceeding , not of the opinions , by which they may be accompanied or intended to ; be followed , with all of which it will not be possible to concur , because many , of them are in contradiction with each other . There is , however , a higher and more general question of proceeding , paramount 495 to those just enumerated , which it will be necessary previously to discuss , and which I shall endeavour to explain.—There seems to be an intention of calling upon the house to resolve the great subject before them into certain issuable points upon which separate decisions should be taken , and then upon the decisions so taken , and as a consequence derived from them , to ground an Address , expressing the opinion of the house as to what ought further to be done . However plausible this may sound , and however true it may be , that such is the course , which each individual will pursue in forming his opinion , I am clear that , as a mode of judging to be adopted by this house , or by any other tribunal consisting of numerous members , it is as little true in theory , as it is conformable to general and established practice . With respect to practice , it is obvious , that it is not in this way that the house determines the numerous complicated questions that are continually coming before it . For the purpose here considered , it is of no consequence , whether the question is of a judicial nature or of any other . The laws of reasoning and the rules by which one truth is deduced from another , are the same in all subjects . A question of peace and war may involve in it a great variety of subordinate questions , such as , Whether the war projected is consistent with the good faith of the country , and with subsisting treaties , whether it is consistent with its commercial interests , is likely to prove conducive to its object , & c. & c. Yet the house does not come to a separate decision upon these points , and then from these separate decisions , derive its general conclusion upon the whole . It goes at once to the general conclusion , leaving to each man to adjust in his own mind the value to be attached to each of these separate considerations . In fact , in the very plan now proposed , we 110 sooner lay down the principle , than we feel ourselves compelled the moment afterwards to abandon it : for if we did not , when we are deciding the question of guilty or not of participation , & c. , we must say , guilty or not of participation in the case of San-don , in the case of Knight , and so on in each case to which the question of participation can apply . I protest , therefore , against the whole of this mode of proceeding , and declare beforehand , that should it be adopted by the house , and should I concur , as I certainly shall , in acquitting the Duke of York of participation or connivance , I 496 shall not feel myself precluded from taking into account , the presumptions established in those very charges , cu which t have so acquitted him , in deciding upon the general question , of Whether or no the Duke of York should be advised to withdraw ( or the king be advised to remove him , ) from the situation of Commander in Chief ? When I shall have pronounced a verdict of acquittal on all and every one of these charges , I shall have said nothing , that would be inconsistent with the opinion , that the Duke ought , notwithstanding , and with respect to those very charges , no longer to remain in his situation at