as well of oral evidence as of various documents , has convinced us that such corrupt practices and abuses have unquestionably existed.—To assure his majesty that it is highly satisfactory to this house to find no ground in any of these proceedings for charging his royal highness , the Commander in Chief , with personal corruption or participation in any profits derived through undue means ; but that while we readily do justice to the exemplary regularity with which business is conducted in 279 his department , and the salutary regulations which have been introduced by his royal highness , some of which are calculated to prevent such practices as have been brought under our review , we are obliged to express our opinion that such abuses could scarcely have prevailed to the extent to which they have been proved to exist , without having excited the suspicion of the Commander in Chief ; and we humbly submit to his majesty , even if it can be presumed that abuses so various and so long continued , could have prevailed of his royal highness , whether the command of the army can with propriety be continued , or ought in prudence to remain any longer in his hands.—To express to his majesty that the abuses , which have been disclosed during the progress of this examination , have unveiled a course of conduct of the worst example to public morals , and highly injurious to the cause of religion , which if not discountenanced by his majesty and by this house can not fail to have a pernicious effect upon those main springs of social order and well regulated society , which it has been his majesty 's uniform care to support and strengthen by his counsels , and to illustrate by his example . '' observed that the distinction taken by the last speaker , appeared to him to be one of the most extraordinary that he ever recollected since he had the honour of a seat in that house . He felt the greatest confidence that the house would come to a just and conscientious decision on this subject , which was one of the most important that had fallen tinder the cognizance of parliament within his memory . There were many members , who , in their capacity of magistrates , must have acquired a very competent knowledge of the principles of the laws of evidence , and it was upon these principles only that they could decide respecting the credibility of the evidence they had heard at their bar . That house he would always consider as the representative body of the empire ; and though there might be occasions in which it might be proper to defer to popular opinion , yet he was certain they would never sacrifice their own dignity and the principles of justice to any popular cry . He felt confident , therefore , that the ultimate decision of the house would be satisfactory to the public.—There were two questions before the house . The first was , Whether his royal highness the Duke of York was 280 implicated in these transactions of personal corruption or corrupt connivance . A question would arise upon this , as to what the proceedings of the house should be . The second question was , Whether , even in the supposition of his royal highness being acquitted of corruption or criminal participation , there was not sufficient evidence before the Committee that his conduct had been incorrect , and was therefore liable to censure . These two questions , in his opinion , embraced the whole of the proceedings before the house . The Address moved by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wardle ) related to the first question ; the Amendment proposed by his right hon . friend the second . That Amendment proposed to lay aside any vote of an Address , but to come to certain Resolutions on the most material part of the case . The first of these Resolutions proposed , indeed , to come to a distinct vote on the subject . The object of the