of another class he 707 could no longer behave towards him with the same consideration . Sir , I will detain you no longer ; although the question has been involved in great difficulties by the number of Amendments which have been proposed : but I hope we shall be able at last to come to such decision as will preclude the possibility of the Duke of York 's continuing at the head of the army . thought himself called upon to say a few words respecting the meeting of general officers to which the hon . gent , had alluded . There was some foundation for the statement of the hon . gent , but it was only this , that there existed in this town a club of military gentlemen , of which he was an unworthy member . That club had lately met ; and at the meeting , some conversation had arisen respecting the conduct of the Duke of York as commander in chief . The conversation turned upon the services rendered by his royal highness to the army ; and the members of the club thought themselves bound in gratitude to testify to his royal highness the high sense they enterlained of the eminent advantages which the army had derived from his able administration of the military affairs of the country . These sentiments they bad resolved to express to his royal highness in the form of an Address , but their proceedings in this respect had no reference whatever to the circumstances of the present moment , or to what was now passing in that house , nor was it ever intended that the Address should have been presented till after the proceedings in that house should have closed . thought it necessary that some Amendment should be proposed , of the nature of that moved , and he must therefore persist in it . was of opinion that the authority of that house should be maintained ; and that if any meeting of general officers , such as that described by the lion . gent , had taken place , it could not be approved of ; on the contrary , by adopting improper means , it could only tend to place the cause of the Duke of York in a bad light , and counteract that which it was no doubt their real intention to promote . said he was a member of the military club which had been alluded to , but he had never heard any thing of their intention to address the Commander in Chief till that instant . disliked the distinction which some gentlemen seemed disposed to draw 708 between the different descriptions of persons who were members of that house . He was one of those who were described as country gentlemen . He hoped that the country members would continue to maintain the character of independence , but in so stating he was by no means prepared to say that other descriptions of gentlemen in that house were not equally independent . explained the ground of his vote , ( which would also be against the Chancellor of the Exchequer 's Resolution ) to be a similar wish to negative that Resolution , with a view of substituting another , in which one part of the Resolution which should have been negatived would be introduced . He wished gentlemen to understand , that in voting against the Resolution of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , they in fact gave themselves the only opportunity which they could have of amending it . They might , by a new Resolution , acquit the Duke of personal corruption , and leave out the part which acquitted him of connivance . expressed himself on the same side . expressed a disposition to postpone it till Monday , on account of the lateness of the hour , and the impatience of the house ; and the Chancellor of the Exchequer urged the adjournment of it . Mr. Whitbread , Mr. Tierney , and others , insisted that the motion of Mr. Bathurst ought at least to be made , and that