or the same shackles as other courts of justice , which had not subjected their proceedings to the same consequences of a verdict , so that it might affect the life or property of a fellow subject . He had said thus much in order to bring the house to the consideration of this question with the same deliberate , cool , and considerate attention to the matter submitted to them , as belonged to a judge or a jury . But having said this , he would contend that his duty as a member of parliament was not to punish an individual , but to watch over and guard the public safety . In this view , he contended , that the object of the proceeding then before the house was not to punish the Duke of York , but to save and protect the public from the consequences of the abuses which the Puke of York might have permitted in his department , and which were the subject of inquiry . This was the ground of ins negative , because , looking to the whole of the proceedings , and considering the evidence which had been laid before them , he could lay his hand upon his heart and say , that , he could not find in that evidence any thing to warrant him in saying that the Duke of York had not connived at those abuses into which the house had been inquiring . As to the character of the evidence , he agreed with his learned friend ( Mr. Burton ) that it was loose ; but loose as it was , it was capable of being sifted as well as any other evidence . That evidence , however , had been so supported as to intitle it to credit , and he confessed the manner in which it was supported appeared , to his mind , greatly to strengthen the whole mass ; because , in every instance where it admitted of being supported by documents , it had received that support , and in no one instance had it been contradicted by a single document . He had listened with attention to the able and ingenious defence , which had been made by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer ; but the parts which appeared so ingenious in themselves , when taken together , were contradictory to each other . 688 When the right hon . gentleman commented on the Note respecting major Tonyn 's case , and argued against the credibility of Miss Taylor 's evidence , he shewed his ingenuity in endeavouring to establish the fact of a conspiracy , and to shew that both were the contrivance of superior heads . Yet , at first , he did not consider the Note of much consequence , and contended that it might have been written by the Duke of York with very innocent intentions . But afterwards , when the right hon . gentleman wanted to establish the conspiracy , he endeavoured to shew that the Note was forged , and by shewing the means that in such an event would be placed within the reach of the conspirators , at the same time that so little use was made of them , established in his mind the strongest proof that the Note was not a forgery . He agreed with his right hon . friend as to the distinction which he took between different degrees of connivance , and was ready to contend , that corruption or deliberate connivance was not the same as blind connivance or resisted inquiry . This latter species of connivance was unquestionably not equally criminal , but still it was such as to require the removal of any public officer who might be guilty of it . Having stated that to be his opinion of connivance , how , he would ask , could he vote for the Resolution acquitting his royal highness both of personal corruption and connivance , when there was not a tittle of evidence that could bear him out as to the latter ? Those who could pursue