taught a tale which would have better answered the purposes of her instructors . Had she rehearsed a part , it would have been a part of more importance . If she were privy to a conspiracy , would she not have come for- 574 ward with a detail of facts and circumstances that would have struck much more home at the Duke of York than the evidence she gave ? While he admitted , however , that her evidence was in his opinion free from suspicion , he contended , that it by no means went to convict the Duke of York of corruption . `` How does French behave to you , Darling ? `` could not , in his mind , be perverted to mean `` How does he pay you ? `` If the Duke of York was corrupt , he either made Miss Taylor a party to his corruption , or he did not . If he did make her a party , was it credible that this was the only phrase of the kind which Miss Taylor would have recollected his royal highness to have used in her presence ? If he did not make her a party , was it credible that he should have uttered even this single phrase before a female in whom he placed no confidence , and who , for ought he knew , might , and probably would , relate what she had heard ? But although Miss Taylor 's evidence did not go so far as to convict the Duke of York of corruption , it fully convicted him of permitting Mrs. Clarke to interfere with his official duties , and to recommend her friends to his notice as Commander in Chief.—He would proceed , however , to the next evidence that had been adduced in support of the charge of corruption , which was the large establishment at Gloucester place , and the deduction , that as Airs . Clarke evidently expended six times her allowance , his royal highness ought to have known that she must have had recourse to improper practices to make up the deficiency . This he could not allow . In judging of the characters of others we must not always be guided by our own . A banker or a merchant who kept regular accounts would , perhaps , not easily understand how the Duke could be so irregular ; but for his part he would rather conclude his royal highness guilty of extravagance than corruption ; he would rather conclude that his royal highness conceived he was running in debt than that he was aware of the stratagems of his mistress to procure money by corrupt means . Nor was this in the slightest degree improbable . The establishment at Gloucester-place was certainly very splendid and very magnificent , and if pecuniary affairs had gone on smoothly and regularly , it might have been urged that his royal highness ought to have known that such splendour and such magnificence could not be maintained with the sums which Mrs. Clarke received from him . 575 But what was the fact ? That his royal highness frequently saw Mrs. Clarke in great distress : that he found she was compelled to pawn her jewels : that there were repeated executions in the house : that she told him several times that she was in danger of complete destruction . Under such circumstances , how could his royal highness imagine that she resorted to undue means to support her establishment , when it was continually evident to him that the expences of that establishment were not defrayed ? If any one should say that the Duke of York ought to have been more regular in his payments , and that he ought to have seen that the expences of the establishment in Gloucester-place were actually defrayed , he would readily admit the justice of the observation.—But the fact was , that his royal highness had never paid any attention to his own pecuniary affairs , and therefore could not be expected to attend much to the pecuniary affairs of another . He