to every part as it passed successively under his observation , both with respect to the evidence , and the variety of commentary that evidence had called forth ; because it was his wish , as it unquestionably was his duty , to avail himself of every possible advantage , that could enable him to come ultimately to an opinion at once impartial , and correct . And in the first place , before he proceeded to observe upon the case itself , he could not help adverting to the impression he felt at the time when the charges were first brought forward . Here he must frankly confess , whatever may be the shame of the acknowledgement , that he had his full share in participating in those prejudices in favour of the accused which had been felt and acknowledged by others ; for the charges did appear to him to be so extremely improbable , that the hon . member who had originated them must forgive him when he said , that he not only felt it extremely difficult to believe that they were founded in fact , but was almost satisfied that they could not be substantiated . The result , however , of the investigation , upon his mind , had been such as to shew , that though he could not altogether get rid of those prejudices , he had not suffered them to interfere so far as to bias his affections , or influence his judgment . In the view which he took of the question , it appeared obviously to divide itself into two parts . The first and grand one was , whether the Duke of York had been guilty of corruption , or of participation in the corruption of others , or of criminal connivance at that corruption , and in what degree . The next was , as to the course , which , as members of that house , it would be proper for them to resort to , upon a full consideration of all the matters and practices 579 that had been disclosed in the evidence before them . As to the first part , as far as related to tire criminal connivance of the Duke of York at corruption , or his participating in that corruption , he could not help staling , that it did appear rather astonishing to him , that his royal highness could have been wholly without suspicion of the nature of the corrupt transactions which were proved beyond a doubt to have taken place . Was it not somewhat strange , that the Duke never received any intimation of such transactions , from any of his numerous military friends or acquaintances ? and was it not still more so , that the Duke only , should never have once heard that a very prevalent idea of corrupt abuses in army promotions had gone forth , and was very generally credited ? These things were not done in a corner . The charges had been open and avowed ; and , whether founded or unfounded , groundless or malicious , they certainly had not been urged either ambiguously or latently . These charges had made their way into print ; they had appeared expressly in pamphlets , which , though they might never have met his royal highness 's eye , had excited a lively attention on the part of the public , were very industriously circulated amongst military men , and therefore must have been necessarily very generally spoken of . And yet were they , in defiance of such strong probability , to conclude , that the Duke atone was unconscious of what he himself was most interested in , and what occupied the attention and tilled the conversation of every other man ? But even supposing that a close attention to the important and arduous duties of his office , had prevented the Commander in Chief from coming at the knowledge of these transactions himself , yet he most undoubtedly must have been informed upon the subject by his friends , whose communications he could not fail to have received