royal highness the Commander in Chief , is the testimony of the offender herself.—That this testimony has received partial confirmation from collateral and circumstantial evidence ; that many statements which were at first sight thought incredible , have been confirmed , either by the testimony of others whose veracity is not questioned , or by letters produced by herself , or accidentally discovered , I readily allow ; but nothing , independent of her own testimony , has proved the privity of the Duke of York . My hon . friend ( Mr. Wilberforce ) dwelt much on this part of the subject , and particularly on the almost providential detection ( as he would have it to be ) of the Letters in possession of capt . Sandon ; which Letters , he says , ( rather incorrectly , ) have been carefully evaded by all those who have spoken in defence of his royal highness . Does he know how many there were of those Letters ? Let him refer to the printed volume of evidence . There are forty-two . Does he know how many of these were commented upon yesterday , in great detail , with laborious particularity , and with convincing clearness , by my hon . friend , ( Mr. Croker , ) the effect of whose commentary was so completely satisfactory as to make it worse than useless to follow him ? Why , exactly thirty-one . This is surely a complete answer to the charge , that these Letters have been studiously left unnoticed . But neither is it true that these Letters , or any accidentally-discovered evidence , has gone to confirm the testimony of the principal witness and criminal , in respect to the privity of the Duke of York . It is incontrovertibly true that the charge of the Duke 612 of York 's privity to Mrs. Clarke 's corrupt practices rests on the testimony of Mrs. Clarke alone . I say her `` corrupt practices '' for with respect to her interference , without rebuke I can not deny , and have no wish to excuse , the fact , that the Letter respecting gen. Clavering affords a decisive proof : but of corruption , or of the knowledge or suspicion of corruption , there is no proof at all ; nor any thing that can , by the most uncharitable inference , be taken for proof . The other piece of evidence which is thought to corroborate the testimony of the accusing witness , on this point , is the note respecting Tonyn ; and this is the particular , with respect to which ( as I have said ) I entertain a different opinion from that declared by my right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer . ) He thinks that Note a forgery . I certainly believe that Note to be genuine . After the most impartial consideration of what has been said for and against its authenticity , I am convinced ( in my own judgment ) that it is the Duke of York 's Note . But I think , at the same time , that a most exaggerated importance has been given to this Note . The doubts of its authenticity , and the attempts to disprove it , may , perhaps , have contributed to this exaggeration . If I am asked , how I can explain this Note innocently , I answer frankly , that I can not explain it at all . I do not pretend to understand to what it refers . It is without date ; it is an answer to a question , or a letter , which is not forthcoming ; it contains three hurried lines : and in this total obscurity , and absence of any grounds of reasoning , or even of conjecture , I see nothing extraordinary in the not being able satisfactorily to explain it . The witness herself did not pretend to know any thing about it ; nor , I dare say , would his royal highness . But , sir , I must protest on