or an hon . friend of his ) , had moved for in this house . Nor could he profess that he was satisfied with any of the explanations that had been offered ; though , here again , he should say , that those explanations were not so insufficient , nor the vices of the measure so evident from the beginning , as to make the adoption of it impossible except for some unworthy and sinister purpose . The other case was of a different description , of a description indeed , peculiar to itself , and upon which , therefore , he should say a few words . It was the case so much insisted upon of Samuel Carter . There was no case in which the Duke of York lay so much at the mercy of his accusers , but upon which he might so much have hoped for that mercy , which however he certainly had not found . It was a case for which there was no defence , but for which , in every generous and liberal mind , he should have thought , there would have been all possible excuse . Was there a bad motive to be found in it from beginning to end ? Mrs. Clarke had here none of those interested motives , which were apparent and were avowed in other instances . She had no money to make ; no favourite to serve ; no one whom she could wish to benefit but from motives that did her credit , and which belong to that part of character which is often found not to be lost when other virtues are no more . Had the Duke of York ' any bad motive ? A compliance with the wishes of a mistress is surely not criminal , where those wishes are such as would do no discredit to a woman the most virtu- 511 ous . But the thing itself , it would be said , was wrong . It was an indignity and insult to the army , to put among its officers a person taken from the condition of a servant , and that too , a servant in the family of your mistress : a sentiment , which would probably in conversation be expressed in shorter and more forcible terms . The observation would be more just , if it could be added with truth , that such a principle had ever for a moment been avowed : but what is done clandestinely , and with a purpose of being for ever concealed , though it may be an injury , can hardly , even in propriety of language , be called an insult . As for the injury , it must here , as in every other instance , be estimated by the peculiar circumstances of the case ; and who shall say , that there are not daily admitted into the army , and unavoidably admitted , persons more discordant from its character and manners , than ( it might happen , ) the person here in question ? He is stated to have been well brought up , to have been well disposed : He was probably , though illegitimate , the son of an officer , and of an officer who had claims upon the service , and who , though too poor to educate this young man as his own son , had not so entirely neglected him , as not to have qualified him in some sort , for what fortune might do for him . While those who wish to depress him to the utmost , with a view of giving to the charge every thing that can be most invidious , are studiously characterizing him as a foot-boy , they are not aware , that what they mean as the greatest aggravation of the act , is in fact , a mitigation of it . To have been a foot-boy is much less than to have been a foot-man . The circumstance of the duration of the time is not a little ; no one can be a foot-boy