be , as truth requires . If the house thinks his Royal Highness guilty , they must say so . I do not wish them to conceal their sentiments ; but , on the contrary , to declare them . If , however , they think , with me , that his royal highness is innocent ; why be afraid to do him justice ? Why address his Majesty for the purpose of removing him from office ? It would be very strange , indeed , if , after weeks of sedulous inquiry , the only determinations we can come to are , doubt and uncertainty with respect to the existence of guilt or not , and , therefore , an Address to his Majesty to dismiss his Royal Highness , if he pleases . The King certainly may dismiss him if he pleases ; but he does not need the House of Commons to approach the Throne for the purpose of telling him this truism . Has the mountain been so long in labour only to produce this ridiculous mouse ? I contend , therefore , that , instead of this dubious declaration and half-measure , the house should endeavour , first , to come to a positive decision with respect to the disputed points ; and not bewilder itself with so various a choice , and such conflicting 477 opinions . An Address , from its very form , must include many things on which great differences might prevail : but Resolutions , by their nature , not only admitted , but secured , perspicuity and precision . If our Resolutions should convict his Royal Highness , then an Address for his removal will be framed without difficulty , because the offence would be on record , and the consequent course will be defined as well in form as in substance . Should a majority of this house find him guilty , I can then have no objection to vote for an Address to his Majesty , to dismiss him from the Public service ; but I can not , in conscience , vote for this punishment till judgment has been given respecting his criminality . I can not vote for such an Address , and at the same time allow him to be innocent . And if he is guilty , either of the Addresses is too feeble to convey to the Throne the sense of the house . The hon . mover ( col. Wardle ) , if he thought the facts of guilt established against the Duke , had a fair ground for moving an Address for his dismissal ; and if guilt was recorded in a Resolution of the house , I should not merely vote for such an Address , I would go still further ; but in no case whatsoever could I concur with the other hon . gent. , whose proposition is so comprehensively erroneous , that it can fit no case , and yet is to be applied to all . The hon . gent . should have selected his road , before he chose the sort of carriage he would employ ; and not have acted as absurdly as one who , having a mind to go to Greenwich by water , should throw himself into a post-chaise , or should set out for Dorsetshire in a wherry on the Thames . ( A laugh . ) This , really , sir , has been the honourable gentleman 's course . He had irrevocably selected his vehicle , before he knew which way he was about to travel . His Address was meant to meet not only alternative , but even contradictory cases . If the Duke of York be guilty of the basest Corruption , what proceeding shall we take ? `` My Address . '' But if he be guilty only of the minor offence of `` Negligence , what then ? `` Why , my Address . '' Well ! but if he be not guilty of either , and be entirely acquitted , what course have you then ? `` Why , truly , still