in my mind , there is proof of connivance ; and if my vote is demanded , to acquit him of all corruption , it is not in my power to give it . When we say there is substantial proof of the charges , and that there is just ground to advise his majesty to dismiss the Commander in Chief , from his high office , we are called upon to move impeachment . I have no hesitation in saying , that there are very strong and obvious prudential reasons against an impeachment . I would neither propose it , nor vote for it . A great deal , Sir , has been said by the right hon . gent , on the subject of morality . Unless the errors of princes affect the public weal , I should no more feel disposed to inquire into them , than I would into the errors of private men . But , Sir , the appeal made to our consciences , the call upon us to examine ourselves before we proceed to the condemnation of the 699 Duke of York , has no true foundation in morals . Are juries , impannelled to try whether a prisoner is or is not guilty of an offence charged , to be put upon their trials previously to their entering upon their functions , to find out whether each member of it is free from the offence imputed to the person arraigned ? To talk so is a mere mockery of our understanding . Human society could not proceed in that manner . Is A . B. guilty or not guilty I that is the question to be decided : the verdict is to be returned upon the evidence . I wish these scenes had not been made public ; I fear a spectre has been carried into many private families , such as never before was presented to their imaginations . That old attachments will be loosened , and habitual respect diminished . Sir , the right hon . gent , intended to call upon the house to vote a grave moral lecture to the Commander in Chief , and yet the right hon . gent , would , after having so exposed him , retain him in his command . Hypocrisy is always odious ; the hypocrisy of a government is most detestable . Would he , who knows that a proclamation against vice and immorality , is publicly read at every Quarter Sessions of the peace throughout the kingdom , for the benefit and improvement of all his majesty 's liege subjects , wherein the king declares his determination to discountenance and punish all offenders , and calls upon all his commanders by sea and land to further his gracious intention under pain of his high displeasure ; would the right hon . gentleman , I say , who certainly knows of the existence of such a proclamation , if others of his majesty 's ministers do not , would he , after voting for his own address , recommend the King to continue the Duke of York in his office ? With what emotions shall we hear the clerk of the peace gabble over the proclamation I have mentioned , at our next Sessions , if the Duke of York shall continue to have the chief command by land I That the Commander in Chief is dear to the army I have never been disposed to deny : but , the mode which has been adopted to shew his military merits , has been , in my opinion , as injudicious as every other step taken by his defenders . A right hon . Secretary , on a former night , gravely asked us , what we should say to a jury , who , having tried a man upon a charge , should acquit him of the offence laid in the indictment , but declare him guilty of some other offence , not under their cognizance : wishing us 700 to believe , that such was the conduct the house of commons was called upon to adopt . I