that the Duke was a party to such an absurd proceeding as this ? Those who entertain such an opinion , must imagine that his royal highness was fool enough to put himself in Spedding 's power , with no other object than to provoke the exercise of that power , by disappointing expectations which he himself raised . I am not now to defend the Duke 's morality , I am not here to vindicate his honour ; but , if he was guilty , could he be without the feeling that always accompanies guilt ? had he lost all wish for concealment , all fear of detection ? I will appeal to human nature , I will appeal to the judgment of any observer of mankind , whether it is possible , that the Duke , knowing his mistress 's engagements with Spedding , promising to ratify them , and having himself pointed out the course which Spedding was to adopt , should , without motive or measure , defeat his and her prospects , and exasperate Spedding , by what would have been at once injury and insult . It is morally impossible ! What then , in fact , is the cine to all tins confusion ? What is the solution of this combination of extraordinary circumstances ? It is this ; that this artful woman and her associates , by a variety of devices , kept her dupes in suspense and expectation for long periods ; and took the chances of their being promoted in the mean while , by their own natural interests or merits . She tells you she had hundreds and 458 hundreds of applications ; and her instances of alleged success are four or five . Like insurers in the lottery , she took her chance of what might turn up in the thousands of names that are annually gazetted ; some of her tickets might be drawn . The shortest time that any person appears to have been on her books ( except Knight , whose case is admitted to be clearly explained ) , is six months ; and with all this delay , and all these chances , what success had she to shew ? In August 1804 , the height of her favour and her traffic , a gazette came out , containing upwards of 200 promotions ; and , fortunately for her , Tonyn 's name was in it ; that , to be sure , was a prize of 500l . But , unfortunately for her purse then , and for her credit now , a greater prize , viz . Spedding , lay undrawn at the bottom of the wheel . What ! in such an augmentation of the army , in the promotion of 200 officers in one day , Mrs. Ctarke , the favourite , the accomplice , of the Duke of York , pretends even to have made but one ! But one ! and that , one , whose father , an old general officer , had had a promise for him ; one , who gave her only 500l. , when she says that many others had promised 700l . for the same promotion ; one , in short , of the hundreds that applied to her , and of whose money she declares herself to have been in such pressing want . It must be allowed , that it was a most unlucky day 's drawing , and one that ought to have taught those who had insured with her ( if such persons were to be taught ) , that her lottery was , of all lotteries , the most fallacious and delusive . But she had not yet done with Spedding : his name might come up next ; and , accordingly , his patience is protracted , by various devices , to the month of November ; when finding that this Duke , who had promised so largely , is doing nothing for him , he applies to his Colonel to procure him leave to go on half-pay , by which step Mrs. Clarke would