, but in joke , except once to Mr. Sutton , at a court-martial . '' That assertion was clearly a direct falsehood . She gained credit with Mr. Few , by talking of her late husband . To Mr. Nicholls , she said her husband had been dead about three years . She was asked whether she ever represented herself as Mrs. Dowler , to which she positively replied in the negative : but it is proved , that to some persons she was known in the character of Mrs. Dowler , and no other . She was so received into Mr. Reid 's hotel : he knew her only by that name , and heard her called by it . By that name the waiter had introduced her : she had answered to that name , and was not affronted at being called by it . The porter had carried wine to her in Bedford-Place , directed to Mrs. Dowler , which she had received without objection ; and there was another instance of wine being sent to her by that name , in Westbourne-Place ; nor at either was it denied that Mrs. Dowler lived there . But above all , it can not be forgotten that she made Mr. Nicholls believe that she was married to Mr. Dowler , whilst she was lodging at his house at Hampstead , and where Mr. Dowler actually cohabited with her , but that it was to be kept a secret , as the duke of Y. would send him abroad , if it came to his ears . I am desirous , however , to avoid tiring the House with repeating instances that must be fresh in their memory ; I have only to assert , that I have in my pocket a list of twenty-eight , which any gentleman is welcome , to inspect ; and the witnesses contradicting her are twenty in number . Thirteen of them are unimpeached characters . In several instances she is contradicted by two , and in some , by so many as four , if not more . Testimony such as this , like that 32 of Mrs. Favery , I am bold to assert , would not be deemed credible against the meanest of his Majesty 's subjects , in any court within the realm of England . Certain I am , that sitting judicially , I should have thought it my bounden duty to declare to a jury , that so far as concerned the person accused , this testimony ought to be laid entirely out of the case . Having thus , then , disencumbered the case of extraneous matter , not within the proper limits of our enquiry— of irrelevant , of hearsay , and of false evidence— the next step was to apply the scanty remains ( for most scanty and insufficient will they presently be found ) to the several charges . In doing this , it will not be my endeavour to enter into a minute detail of the evidence ; that I must leave to others of stronger memory , and who enjoy that blessing of which I am bereft ; contenting myself with a few observations upon the more prominent features . It is undeniable that abuses had existed . Mrs. C. and her accomplices have confessedly been guilty , up to the present time , of many foul practices ; but how are any of them to be imputed to the Duke of Y. ? that is the question . The first charge was that of Colonel Knight 's Exchange . Now it can not be forgotten that this appears to have taken place according to the regular course of official business . Upon lieut.-col. Knight 's original application , it was signified to him that permission would be granted , when ever a proper substitute could be found . Lieut.-col. Brooke being afterwards proposed , it appeared that this gentleman had been seven years upon half-pay . An enquiry into his fitness was consequently necessary , and this gave occasion to some delay : but no sooner had the result