. 's censure . Is it to be said , that because a person , living in the connexion in which Mrs. C. lived with h. r. h. , had a slight influence , or a slight interference , in the disposal of a few commissions , that this , is to stamp him with a crime , and to operate his removal from office ? Is it possible in human nature to prevent a person in that situation from having the knowledge of many things that are proceeding in a manner the most innocent , and to prevent such a person , if she is so inclined , from availing herself of such knowledge ? Is it possible , that what occupies a person during the day should not make part of his conversation in the evening , and that he should not , in a moment of relaxation , or from feelings of affection , express himself innocently , respecting persons who have been the subject of his consideration during the hours of business ? I trust , sir , that there is still liberality enough in the world to see this subject in 351 this light ; and that it would be too much to say , that fourteen years of incessant labour , for many many hours in the day , and every day of the year ; admirable regulations for the comfort of the soldiers , for the education and support of their children , and for the military education of officers ; the laws for which brought forward by the royal Duke fill your Statute-book and lead your table ; that the constant , and conscientious , and pure discharge of his duty , from 1795 to 1804 without spot or fault ; again , during the two years when Mrs. C. lived in Gloucester-place without spot or fault , unless these three instances are to be considered as such , and from that time to the present , with equal diligence and with equal honour , with so extensive a patronage never misused ; that all this , set against the two instances in which he answered her letter and note , and the single instance in which he promoted Carter , supposing it to be at her desire , should not avail ? I am sure this is not the way in which this house and this country have been accustomed to judge . Sir , I have now concluded my observations upon this most anxious , most interesting , and most unprecedented proceeding ; in which the conduct of the royal Duke has been sifted in his most unguarded moments . His conversation , and his declarations of the most unreserved nature , brought in every shape , and from every quarter against him ; and I feel satisfied , that I have staled grounds for my judgment in this case , which would guide my conscience on the most solemn occasion . I have omitted many topics , on which I might Lave observed , but I trust that the house will consider this as a tribute due to them for their kind attention , and not from any feeling that I have not strong reasons to give for my conclusions of innocence on the points which I have passed over , as well as on those on which I have been observing . But before I sit down I can not forbear mentioning an anecdote which discloses at once the correctness of sentiment , the justly laudable anguish of feeling , and the firmness of mind , of h. r. h. in respect to this most distressing , unfortunate , and calamitous proceeding , which shews , that his anxious attention to his official duties , to the interests , and even to the gratification of others , were unabated , while his mind was torn and agitated with the accounts of this proceeding ; and while it displays his attention to the interests of a most gallant and meritorious officer , it serves to explain , by 352 a most apt illustration , how innocently h. r. h.