him on account of the early incidents of his life thus accidentally made public . ( No , No , No ! ) I joyfully receive these symptoms of the feeling of the house . I have stated my sentiments as strongly as I could , for although the appointment of Samuel Carter shews the wide , extent of influence exercised by Mrs. C. , I wish it had not become a subject of discussion ; and I would ward off , if I could , all the injury he might otherwise suffer from it . In examining the case of the exchange between Brooke and Knight , it is impossible for me to persuade myself that there are not , independent of the testimony of Mrs. C. , many circumstances which ought to induce a belief that her influence was exerted for the purpose of forwarding that exchange ; and that the D. of Y. knew the terms upon which that influence was obtained . Sir , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , in order to invalidate the whole of this case , endeavours to shew , and I will admit that he does so with success , that the account of the dates given by Mrs. C. as to the period of the application , said to have been made to the Duke of York , for the purpose of forwarding the exchange , and the appearance of the official confirmation of it in the Gazette , is inaccurate ; and therefore , that no such application or interference could have taken place . Sir , I admit the premises , but I deny the conclusion . Mrs. C. 's account of the dates is erroneous , but she may nevertheless have interfered . The right hon . gent . calls for a degree of official regularity from Mrs. C. , which is not , I think , necessary to render her evidence credible ; and he does not take into his account the loose nature of such business ; that this transaction took place between three and four years ago , and that Mrs. C. enters a general protest against an accurate recollection of days and dates . That Mr. Knight had 198 found his brother 's promotion was stopped , for some reason or other in the office ; that he imagined , upon the suggestion of Dr. Thynne , that Mrs. C. could remove the obstacle ; that the exchange did , after Mr. Knight 's application to Mrs. Clarke , proceed ; that it was effected ; and that Mr. Knight thought it was effected through the influence of Mrs. C. there can be no doubt . Mr. Knight has proved it : and that he actually paid her the 200l . Another circumstance , if unexplained , would go to strengthen the evidence . I mean the pencil memorandum which has been so much alluded to . The terms of that memorandum , `` Can not be acceded to , his royal highness does not approve of the exchange proposed , '' would naturally lead any one who reads it , to suppose , that the whole matter was then at an end . But col. Gordon , whom I hold to be truth itself , has informed you , that these words did not imply a decisive and final refusal ; only , that further inquiry should be made ; which further inquiry having been made , and the result appearing favourable , the exchange was in the common course allowed to proceed . After this declaration from col. Gordon , I can lay no stress upon words which otherwise would have appeared to me so important . They were written by colonel Gordon , and intended only for his own information . They can be properly construed by no one but colonel Gordon : as the hieroglyphics which I have in my hand , whereby I have noted such parts of the speech of the right hon . gent . as I wish to remark upon , can be understood and explained only by myself who made them . There is