our detestation , and , while the eyes and ears of mankind are captivated by the scene , to engage their hearts in the abhorrence of similar atrocity , `` Delectando pariterque monendo ; '' while the dramatis personœ of Mrs. C. find , not only their acting , but their crimes applauded ; and encouragement and success , instead of punishment and defeat , are extended to every malignant feeling of our nature . I am now led , sir , to observe on some parts of Mrs. C. 's evidence , in which she , by the discolouring and exaggeration of facts and circumstances , endeavours to raise , against the Duke , suspicions the most unfounded and injurious , and to cast upon him imputations the most false and odious . The first instance of this class , with which I shall trouble the house , is that in which she would persuade us , that the Duke must have known of her having received 500l . from col. French , became he paid the balance between that sum , and the price of a service of plate , which she had bought ; and , lest it should be supposed that he might have paid it without knowing to whom , or for what , she fixes the delinquency on him by two falsehoods , namely , that he paid it by bills of his own , and that he told her so . Now , sir , supposing that the Duke did know that Mrs. Clarke had credit in her tradesman 's book for 500l . did it , of necessity , follow , he must have known whence it came ? Indeed , the hon . member and Mrs. C. were not themselves very accurate on this point ; for it was stated , on opening the charges , that this 500l . came , not from French , but from Tonyn . This , however , is but a trifling consideration ; and , though every surmise and inference is taken as good evidenced for Mrs. Clarke , I am aware that nothing but the strictest facts will be received in the Duke 's defence : for that part of the Duke 's defence , which may be in my hands , I have no objection to be so restricted . The price of this service of plate was 1,360l . ; so that , of course , the house would expect , 439 from Mrs. C. 's statement , that the Duke 's payment was only the balance , viz . 800l . ; whereas , in fact , the Duke paid 1,320l . being , with a fraction , the whole amount of the plate , and , therefore , he might see the service on his table , without any surprise . But did he pay this sum himself ? Did he tell Mrs. C. of it ? Did she never see the bills , as she alledges ? The money was paid by bills , drawn by herself on the Duke ; who , it appears , never inquired any-farther into the matter . It may be very true , that Mrs. C. paid her silversmith 500l . ; but she forgot to tell us , that , besides the service of plate , she had gotten divers small articles to about that amount . The Duke paid for the service of plate , which he saw and used ; but is it likely that he surveyed and reviewed every lesser article in her butler 's pantry ? I appeal to the house , whether the impression intended by Mrs. C. was not , that the Duke must have known that she had a service of plate , towards the buying of which 500l . had been paid out of the produce of corruption ? Is not that impression , if ever made , now removed ? Can a doubt remain , when we see the Duke paying the full amount of this plate , and not a balance remaining due ? and are our understandings to be still