manifested , that by the Resolution of this house he is declared to be acquitted of direct and personal corruption , I must most seriously and solemnly protest against the general assertion , that the innocence of his royal highness has been clearly manifested in the enlarged and extended sense of that expression , as it was introduced and applied by the right hon . gent . ; for , Sir , it must be apparent to every gentleman in this house , that the complete and absolute innocence of the Duke of York on every part of the charges against him has not been substantiated . The discussion before the house was not terminated , and if the Chancellor of the Exchequer had not made the communication we have heard this night , the house was prepared to proceed on a very strong and material point ; I mean , Sir , the conduct of Mrs. Clarke , whose interference a very large proportion of this house appears to have thought utterly inconsistent with that cautious purity of official conduct which the public had a right to expect from the Commander in Chief of the military force of the British empire . This , Sir , was a part of the accusation which had not been disposed of , and on which we should have unquestionably come to a vote . Can it then be said , Sir , that the innocence of the Duke of York has been already fully proved ? Sir , I wil1 not pretend to say , what might have been the vote of this house on that question ; but I do affirm , that the facts do not bear out the statement of the innocence of the Duke of York having been fully proved . The influence of the Duke of York had been used by 732 Mrs. Clarke to obtain the unwarrantable appointment of improper persons ; and until that accusation be disposed of , it is too much to tell the house that the innocence of the Duke of York is fully proved . Sir , the Chancellor of the Exchequer having , as he conceives , made good his ground by the assumption of this false position , proceeds consecutively to inform us , that it can not be supposed that the resignation of the Duke of York was produced by any apprehension of the consequences of this discussion . Sir , the correctness of this assertion I will not take upon me to doubt ; but this I will say , that it would have well become the advisers of his royal highness to have refrained from any thing which could be construed into a tone of defiance . Sir , it would have been more decorous to have recommended his royal highness to have admitted , that his resignation was not wholly uninfluenced by the strongly avowed sentiments and opinions that have been expressed not only in this house , but throughout the united empire ; that his resignation was not ex mero motu , not the result solely of his own pleasure , but in some degree , however inconsiderable , in deference to the sentiments of a considerable proportion of this house , and to those of a very large majority of the British public . Sir , it would have been no disgrace to the understanding of the Duke of York , or his advisers , professed or otherwise , to have said , `` I bow to the opinion of the country , on the incompatibility of my retaining the high office of Commander in Chief in opposition to the voice of the people ; they have generously and justly acquitted me of that accusation , under a conviction of which life would have been an insupportable burthen—direct and personal corruption or participation ; I therefore withdraw myself from a situation which I can no longer fill with satisfaction , because it is not in unison with the feelings of the country . '' The people , Sir , would have felt this ; and it is not easy to appreciate the effect