be perfectly conversant in the scale of expence , but the learned gent , has entirely overlooked , that disagreeable consequences perpetually arose , which forced the consideration of expenditure and resources upon h. r. h. : nay , sir , they are represented so strong , that Mrs. C. was obliged to pawn her jewels , and can it be supposed , that a lady of that description would undeck herself of such baubles , which were her only distinction , and for which , reputation , character , and every thing was sacrificed . Sir , I can not suppose h. r. h. could be ignorant , that the expenditure more than doubled the allowance , and some means must be resorted to , to support and continue it . I can not suppose him insensible to the feelings that must arise in every man 's mind , he could not wish to continue partaking of what must involve this woman , and which she had no means of discharging . This strengthens my belief of his r. h. being privy and consenting to the practices which were resorted to , to make money . Sir , I have now discharged the most painful duty that Was ever imposed on me . I feel in common with every hon . gent , the situation of the aged monarch on the throne ; is there a parent who is not sensible what must be his feelings and affliction in pronouncing judgment against a child ? I hear it said , there is a conspiracy against the illustrious House of Brunswick , that it proceeds from the machinations of jacobinism . Who are the best friends of the jacobins ? Those exalted characters , who , forgetful of their high stations , justify the representations . Reform abuses , and you 53 will have no jacobins to fear . It was not the jacobins that befriended Buonaparté , no , sir , it was the abuses which indisposed the people . Remove these and you will have the heart and hand of every man in the country with you . Sir . I beg pardon of the house for detaining it so long : the grounds of my opinion are before the house and the country , and to them I appeal for the vote I shall give in support of the motion before the house for the removal of h. r. h. the Duke of York . —Mr . Speaker ; The attention which I have felt it my duty to give to this most important case , during the whole progress of the enquiry , made me anxiously desire to seize the earliest opportunity of submitting my opinion upon it to the consideration of the House ; and I should , Sir , unquestionably have presented myself to your notice , as soon as the hon . gent. , who opened the debate , sat down , if I had not seen my learned friend ( Mr. Burton ) prepared to address himself to the house , under circumstances which could not but make me as desirous to give way to him , as they must have made the house anxious to hear him . I felt , sir , that his situation , so perfectly unconnected with party , his judicial character , his experience , his years , every , thing , in short , which does exist in him , and which I am sensible is wanting in myself , entitled him justly to the previous attention of the house . If I had intervened , and disappointed his wish to deliver his opinion at that time , the fatigue and exhausture arising from a protracted debate , might possibly have , disabled him from addressing us at all , and the house would have had to lament the loss of all that light and instruction , which it has derived from his speech ; a speech , sir , which I will venture to say , considering the nature and object of our enquiry , and considering the weight and authority of my learned