, he meant any thing more than to suggest to the consideration of the learned bart. , and of the house , some circumstances which , in his opinion were of importance . was persuaded , that no judicial situation was more painful than that of a Commissioner of Bankrupt . Commissioners of Bankrupt were generally young barristers , well qualified for that situation , but who connected with that object advancement in their profession , and to whom therefore the administration of the Bankrupt laws soon became a secondary consideration . Pressed by their professional avocations , they were compelled to crowd into one day a number of cases which probably required great deliberation . In his opinion the Commissioners of Bankrupt should be a distinct class , to whom sufficient emolument and advantages ought to 835 be held out , to induce them to devote their exclusive attention to a subject which , in a commercial country like Great Britain , was of such extreme importance . If , instead of 75 Commissioners , the number were reduced to five , without any additional expence to the public , the object would be much more effectually accomplished . could not agree with the hon . gent , who had just spoken , as to the expediency of making such an alteration in the general administration of the Bankrupt Laws , as he seemed to think adviseable . He allowed that the Commissioners were generally made from junior barristers , but he contended that in so extensive a profession as that of the law , although many might soon obtain the due reward of their talents by great professional employment , there were still enough remaining unoccupied and perfectly competent to fulfil the duties of the important trust with which they were vested . He cordially approved of the principle of the Bill before the house , although he might perhaps take the opportunity , when in the Committee , of stating his objections to some of the details of it ; and particularly to the great extension of power which it proposed to grant to the Chancellor . expressed his obligations to the honourable gentlemen who had stated their opinions on the subject . Having no object but to improve the law , he was anxious to hear , with the utmost attention , every suggestion that could be made for that purpose . He assured the house , that since he had introduced the Bill into Parliament , he had been honoured with so many communications on the subject , that it would have occupied the whole of his time even to return his acknowledgments to those by whom they were made . He should have several alterations to propose in the Bill ; one which he was glad to feel would obviate an objection made by the hon . gent . opposite ; another which would tend to carry still further the remedy against the evil which at present resulted from the practice of assignees keeping in their own hands the property of bankrupts , speculating with that property , and eventually becoming bankrupts themselves . For this latter purpose he meant to propose a clause , enacting , that if any assignee should become a bankrupt while he was indebted above a hundred pounds to the estate of the bankrupt to whom he was an assignee , the certificate of that assignee , so become a bankrupt , 836 should not secure his property subsequently acquired from a demand to the full amount of his debt to the original bankrupt 's estate . The hon . gent , opposite had expressed great apprehension lest the importance and advantages of the trial by Jury should be lessened by the proposed measure . He did not entertain any such fears . The fact was , that in the cases alluded to the trial was a mere matter of form , and the object of his propositions was to prevent twenty actions where one petition might attain the same end . The present mode of proceeding seemed to him calculated solely for the increase of expence . With