, by proving it not to be a got up , false tale , as had been represented , without a shadow of reason . The learned gent , commenced his speech with the common professional trick of making a very fair statement , laying down very fair premises , and then , without making good one of them , coming whip round to his conclusion , trusting to want of memory or attention for not being detected in the trick . The learned gent . ( Mr. Adam ) began his speech by stating that he should , ( as he called it , ) take all the evidence from under this case except Mrs. C. 's , and hoped that if he did that , and left the case standing upon Mrs. C. 's evidence alone , we should agree with him that the D. of Y. ought not to be judged guilty of the charges brought before the house . He had assented to this proposition , and would have been happy to have acquitted h. r. h. in case the learned gent , could have made out his proposition ; he had listened to him with great assiduity and curiosity , because , however he might wish it , he could not believe it was 380 within the ingenuity even of the learned gent . to make good his proposition ; but he must say that his disappointment had been much greater than even his attention or curiosity . For the learned gent . so far exceeded the usual practice of the profession to which he belongs , that he no sooner promised us what he would do , than he forgot every part of what he had promised ; and so far from taking from under the case all the evidence except Mrs. C. 's , he attempted to take away no evidence but hers ; and after a few ingenious remarks upon the improbability of its being true , and a considerable number of remarks upon himself and his own conduct , he left the whole case , like his learned brother , Mr. Attorney General , just as he found it , and all the evidence , and Mrs. C. 's into the bargain , standing upon its legs as straight as ever . Yet the learned gent . could not believe that the D. of Y. could have corresponded with Mrs. C. on military subjects because it was contrary to common sense ; but this was no ' argumentum ad absurdum . ' Why , sir , said he , the whole conduct of the D. of Y. is contrary to common sense in this business , ( hear ! hear ! ) , and would have been thought incredible , had it not been for the complete proof , which could leave no doubt of the fact on any impartial mind . The hon . baronet then adverted to the evidence of col. Gordon , which had been spoken of in terms of such high commendation ; it had been called a most able evidence , and was said to have been the admiration of the house . Now he was really at a loss to guess at the meaning of able as applied to a witness , unless it implied the skill of steering so near the confines of falsehood as to avoid truth , and yet escape detection ; if this was their opinion whose admiration was so much excited by col. Gordon 's testimony , he thought the gallant Colonel would be less flattered by the admiration of those gentlemen than by his want of it . But really , with respect to evidence , he did not know of any distinction , except as it was true or false . Col. Gordon 's evidence had been highly praised for its extreme precision , it was a paragon of accuracy and correctness : he must say that in carefully looking it over it did not strike him at all in that light . When he first saw the gallant Colonel at the bar , with his red box