charges . If he found that the case of corruption was not proved ; that is , if he did not find it established by evidence , that the Duke of York had actually pocketed the money , but yet had strong reasons for believing that he was under an influence , incompatible with the discharge of his duty , he did not feel himself under an obligation to separate such accusations ; they were links of the same chain . After the evidence , therefore , which had been given at the bar of that house , and sifted as it had been in his opinion much too far , it was impossible for him to say that the Duke of York was innocent . He agreed entirely with the noble lord who had just sat down , that many of the charges had not been sufficiently made out , and that it was necessary to connect those that were made out with the office of the Commander in Chief . If his royal highness as Commander in Chief , condescended to make application to another department of the government , because he was to receive an accommodation for the disposal of a place in the gift of that other department , it was enough to satisfy his mind . Several opinions had been given upon the evidence brought before them , particularly that of Mrs. Clarke , the principal witness . Some said that all she uttered was true , and should be credited ; others , that all was false , and should be disbelieved ; but there were some 547 who took the middle , and , in his mind , the better course , and concluded , that though she might be discredited in some things , yet the general result of her testimony was I such as to entitle it to belief . He did not agree with the noble lord ( Folkestone ) behind him , who said , or rather ( for he was not inclined to give into the construction ) , who was represented to have said , that all she uttered was true ; he believed that the noble lord had gone no farther than to state that , taking all the evidence together , it was not false , and looking to the differences and contradictions charged upon it , it did not stand impeached in any of the material facts to which it related . Upon Miss Taylor 's evidence , which had already been so much the subject of discussion , lie begged to be indulged with a few words ; it was insisted upon the opposite side , that she who could not recollect to have seen col. French , could not possibly have remembered the substance of a conversation heard so long ago . But to him that did not appear surprising ; a conversation of a remarkable nature might be much better remembered than the person of an individual ; and he knew many people who recollected circumstances long passed with a much clearer and stronger impression than others of a more recent date . The reason given by Miss Taylor for attending to this conversation was , recollecting that there was some man whom she was never allowed to see . Many women applied to Mrs. Clarke ; not women of her own profession , but women of character ; and he thought it would be an injustice to Miss Taylor to cast any imputation upon her character or credibility because , in common with such persons , she was an acquaintance of that lady . An hon . gent . had said , that Mrs. Clarke had not been in the habit of conversations with his royal highness upon military subjects , or matters connected with the office : but though he was sure the hon . gent . thought so when he said so , and though he was willing to adopt his authority , when strong reasons did not prevail against it , he must say , that , in the present instance , the authority of his royal