Holland and France , and that the trade of England was then very great , and every day becoming greater ; circumstances which induced him to doubt the policy of that measure . He condemned the general policy of commercial regulation , adopted by the present administration , the principles of which operated against a policy which every one had understood ; and deprecated giving bounties , as originating in erroneous policy . He conceived that if any part of our trade could bear interruption with less injury than another , it was the linen trade , for the manufacturers were not exclusively employed in it , but were also agriculturists , and could consequently convert their lands and labours to other uses . He also deprecated the policy of foreign manufactures in Ireland by legislative protections , thus drawing from the improvement of the land that capital which would be more advantageously employed on land . entered into a general defence of our commercial laws , and said , that many found fault with them , who did not understand what they were . They confined to this country the monopoly of our own produce , and the produce of our colonies , which was perfectly commendable . Since the present administration had been in power , they had made no alteration in those laws ; the measures they had brought forward were merely temporary , and were in no way injurious to any country . If all countries were to adopt similar regulations , this assertion would become evident . The present bill was nothing more than to encourage the growth of flax for seed . If we were completely free with America tomorrow , the measure would be a wise one , as it was extremely desirous Ireland should have the seed , independent of any other country , it being the foundation of her staple manufacture . said , that the country depended on the leading manufacture ; the leading manufacture depended on the seed ; to secure a supply of that seed , a bounty was necessary—it was a measure of necessity ; if they had no linen , they had no trade ; and he agreed with the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Foster ) upon its propriety . Though America might raise her Embargo , and we rescind our Orders in Council , still the same circumstance might occur ; it was therefore wisest to depend upon ourselves , and , in that view , as a measure of necessity , he would vote for the Bill . approved of the proposed measure , and would continue to do so if the American Embargo were immediately removed : he would not have Ireland 's manufacture depend on the caprice of any other country ; and he certainly agreed with the right , hon . gent , opposite , that if the measure should prove an expedient one , it ought to be resorted to . explained . He did not condemn the motive , but thought the plan proposed would not have the desired effect . said , that the value of the lands and the high rents depended upon the manufacture of linen ; if that failed , they must consequently fall in value . It was owing to the intercourse between the two countries in this trade , that the rate of exchange had fallen to its present standard , which he represented as unprecedentedly favourable . condemned the interference of the legislature , as an unnecessary mediation . wished to call the attention of the house to this bill , the fate of which had been decided yesterday . Situated as he was , in his official capacity , lie could not suffer the subject to drop , particularly as it affected so considerably the revenues of Ireland . He feared he could not prosecute his views without infringing on the rules of the house ; but as this bill consisted of three pails , upon three modes of distillation , from malt , corn , and sugar , he conceived he might call their attention to that