by a very considerable list of particular instances . It was , moreover , upon the express condition of being reduced to half-pay , that major Shaw accepted the office of Barrack Master : for it is stated , in gen. Burrard 's letter , that he had explained the condition to the major , and that upon these terms he was willing to accept it . From the whole of this transaction it is evident that major Shaw was another dupe to the artifices of Mrs. C. That major Shaw 's relation so believed , is clear from his testimony ; and well he might , for if you read major Shaw 's letter of remonstrance to Mrs. Clarke , you 40 will find him complaining that he was made a singular instance of reduction to half-pay , stating particular instances to the contrary , and that the custom of the army was in his favour ; to which he adds , `` as you mentioned . '' From whence it may fairly be conjectured , that she , for the purpose of extorting money , had been persuading him that other persons in his situation had been put upon full pay ; that it was his right ; and that he might be restored to it . In all this was he manifestly deluded . This same letter also furnishes another observation . In it he promises , that in case he should succeed in what he solicits , he would remit to her , from the Cape , 300l . a-year . Now , if it were true that the D. of Y. was the partaker in any of these foul transactions , or that he connived at them , how easy would it have been for him to find some pretence for making an exception in major Shaw 's favour , or for complying with his other request , when it was to secure Mrs. C. so large an annuity . Consider also the extreme absurdity of a supposition , that the Commander in Chief should be weak enough to reduce major Shaw to half-pay , contrary to the rule of the service , by way of punishment for not paying the whole of his promised bribe , when , by so doing , he could not fail to exasperate that gentleman , and hazard his resenting it , by exposing such baseness to the public eye . In my view of every part of this charge , whatever corrupt motives may have existed in others , no man alive was a greater stranger to them than the Commander in Chief . The only remaining charge is that of Samuel Carter ; and I confess it to have been my hope that the honourable member would have yielded , upon this point , to the entreaties even of Mrs. C. If he had , he would not have been endeavouring to prop a falling case by adducing an instance highly honourable , in my mind , to the D. of Y. ; and one that I should think could not be pressed into the service by any person of sentiment or feeling . Was the condition of this unfortunate orphan that of a mere outcast of society ? Or , was he not the real or adopted son of a meritorious officer , who had lost a limb in his Majesty 's service ? When and by whom was he first recommended ? —Was it by Mrs. C. , or through any other , corrupt influence ? No , Sir , it was by the same gallant officer , capt . Sutton , of the artillery and in the year 1801 , long be 41 fore the connection between Mrs. C. and the D. of Y . The application was not only made , but he was actually then noted for consideration on a proper opportunity . It is urged , however , that the commission must have been given in consequence of Mrs. C. 's subsequent recommendation . Why so ? Why should a promise , once made , require to be followed up by