, that he was to set out in three weeks ; and also , that , if it could be obtained , he should be put on half-pay as soon as it could be done . '' That is to say , by accepting the staff appointment he lost his regimental pay ; but , as soon as it could be obtained , he should , as a favour , get the half-pay , in addition to the staff pay . Thus , that was a favour promised , and gratefully accepted by him , on the 29th of March , and conferred officially on the 8th of May , which Mrs. Clarke says was a subsequent punishment inflicted on him for his conduct on the 9th . ( Hear ! hear ! ) . I am glad to find that the house think I have already redeemed my pledge ; but I have some still more conclusive facts to state ; and this refutation , though so unanswerable , is not the only one . Mrs. Clarke says , she , in consequence of her disappointment on the 9th of May , complained to the Duke of York ; but the house , ill as they must by this time think of her testimony , prepared as they must be for her complete detection , will be astonished to hear , that , after this alleged disappointment , she never saw his royal highness ! The separation between them had taken place on or prior to the 8th of May . Mr. Adam says , that on the 6th , 7th , or , at latest , the 8th , he had laid the result of the inquiries into Mrs. Clarke 's conduct before the Duke ; who then came to a final determination to part with her for ever . Accordingly , as appears in another part of the evidence , he went down to Oatlands , and never saw her afterwards ! This was no inferential evidence , no argumentative deduction . These are plain facts , and certain dates . This was a de- 469 fence of the Duke ; not by art ; not by management ; but by demonstration . Wisely had Mrs. Clarke and her followers avoided , with such studied equivocation , to recollect dates ; those indelible signs , and eternal monuments , that , when all other means of detection have failed , lead to the discovery of the hidden schemes of accusation , and concerted plans of secret revenge . We may judge , by this example , how the rest of her story would have borne these unerring tests , if we had the means of applying them , Mrs. Clarke 's evidence was now , indeed , `` incontrovertible , '' incontrovertibly false ! I can only account for the production of this charge by supposing that col. Shaw 's letter falling into her hands , having no date of the year , and being of a nature that might be variously interpreted , she had determined to found on it this accusation . We now know that this letter was written a fortnight after the separation from the Duke . But tins consideration is superfluous . The dates , the facts , form such a mass of contradiction to Mrs. Clarke , that I hardly suppose the noble lord himself , certainly no other person , will venture to assert , that she is now deserving of credit . But from this I do not mean to urge only that this particular case is disproved : I mean to carry it much farther ; and to argue , from this flagrant instance of inconsistency and falsehood , that Mrs. Clarke is not to be credited , in any part of her evidence , without circumstances of the most corroborative nature . Having failed hi a case in which she was so confident , and so vehement ; in a case , too , of such importance , and affecting so materially the character of the person accused ; and having so failed by the detection of