Troops , although very strong objections were entertained by government at home , with respect to the specific provisions of that capitulation . The question was then put upon the amendment of earl Grey , and strangers were ordered to withdraw preparatory to a division ; but the motions were negatived without a division . rose , and argued against the measure , to which he conceived there were various objections , but particularly as it involved a flagrant breach of promise to the Militia , made by the noble mover himself in the year 1807 , but still more as it militated against the principle of all the statutes upon which that body was founded . The noble lord therefore thought it his duty to move an Amendment , that the second reading of the Bill should be postponed to this day six months . opposed the principle of this bill on the ground of policy . There were , he observed , three modes of raising men for the army , namely , by increase of bounty , by diminishing the burthens of the service , that was , by reducing the extent of service either with regard to time or place . These three modes offered themselves to the attention of the noble mover , but he adopted neither . He struck upon another device : He proposed to raise meu first by ballot , and then by bounty ; but how did that scheme answer ? It appeared from experience , that not more than one man out of ten raised by the ballot served in person . Then the remainder were substitutes raised by bounty . Those were the sort of men from whom the noble lord proposed to obtain his transfer into the line . Now , taking the bounty originally paid for substitutes , and combining that with the bounty paid for the transfer of service , it would appear that the number of men obtained from the militia by the last draft to the line in 1808 cost the country in bounties no less than 7 26,000l . one third of which only came from the fund of general taxes of the country , while one third was extracted from the pockets of such private individuals as were subjected to the ballot , and the other third from the landed interest , from the poor 's rates . '' Was this , he would ask , an equitable or a judicious way of providing for the defence of the country ? The bounty to 804 each man obtained for the line , according to the system he described , was equal to 28l . ; and was it not practicable , under wise regulations , to procure men for that bounty by ordinary recruiting , without resort to the circuitous , expensive and oppressive progress of ballot ? But a strong objection to the noble lord 's bill , on the score of policy , was this , that it held out that if ordinary recruiting should not be productive within a certain time , recourse should be had to a ballot , thus encouraging the men disposed to enlist to stand back for an increased bounty , when the balloted must pay what is desired , or serve in person . There was another objection to the noble lord 's arrangement , that notwithstanding the many military plans he brought forward the several parts never fitted well together . According to a clause in the local militia act , the members of that corps could only enlist as substitutes for balloted men . What was the reason of this provision ? Why not allow the local militiamen to enlist into the militia at once , and then the ballot would most probably become unnecessary t If transfers from the militia to the line should be called for by any peculiar emergency , he should not object to them ; his objection was to the usual mode of replacing the deficiency which such transfer created in the militia by ballot ; for to that system he never could be reconciled , for