denied , he has called for trial . What is there In all this , to deprive him of the right of being tried , to justify the condemning him unheard ? Look at the meanest prisoner at a bar , who waits the decision of his jury on an accusation of the foulest felonies : what is the course with respect to him ? His crime is stated to him : he says he is `` not guilty . '' If he omits this plea himself , it is pleaded for him . In him this plea is not considered as contumacious ; it is not considered as abdicating his right to a trial . On the contrary , the felon is then asked how he will be tried . He replies , `` by God and his country . '' In the felon , this is not considered as dictating to his Judge . But in the Prince to call for a trial , is , it seems , a species of contempt of court , a re- 609 bellion against the supremacy of the tribunal before which he is arraigned , such as not only subjects him to punishment , but deprives him of the light of being tried . Is this equal justice ? Will an lion , gent. , ( Mr. Whitbread , ) who spoke , the other , day , with great ability and great warmth on this very topic of the equality of the rights of princes with those of ordinary men , will he suffer patiently , will lie consent to , and concur in effecting , the gross inequality which this argument would establish , to the prejudice of the person now under our consideration , only because he is a Prince ? But the honour of a Prince '' appeared to that lion . gent , a most offensive expression . Why so ? The `` honour '' of a peer is a regular and purely technical form of affirmation : why not the `` honour '' of a prince ? But the hon . gent , told us that the honour of a prince had been thus put in competition with the word of a prostitute , and that , being compelled to decide between them , he had felt himself obliged to believe the latter . `` The Duke of York , '' said the hon . gent. , '' has aggravated his case , because I am thus put in a situation of the greatest difficulty and delicacy . I can not condemn him of the crime with which he is charged , without condemning him , at the same time , of falsehood , vouched upon his honour . '' This was the substance of the hon . gent . 's argument . Was the like ever heard ? A man is accused of a crime ; he protests his innocence ; and his protestation is contended to be an aggravation of his offence , because you can not afterwards affirm his guilt , without contradicting his plea of innocence ! And this is a case of difficulty and delicacy , forsooth , to the hon . gent , and his friends ! O , this delicacy ! it stands much in their way ! But , sir , what is there in this Letter of his royal highness not only so reprehensible , as it has been represented ; but what is there so unusual or extraordinary ? It must be admitted on all sides , that the Duke of York might have come to the bar of this house , and have stated verbally his denial of the charges exhibited against him . Every person accused before this house , peer or commoner , prince or peasant , has this right . It is the daily practice . But his royal highness , we know , by the rules and practice of another house , to which he owes obedience , must have asked permission to come here in person ; and the House of Lords might—I do not say that they would—but