in favour of Mr. Kennet ; and if his royal highness , not knowing the character of the man , should make application to arrive at a knowledge of his character , no criminality could attach to him upon that ground . The fact was , that sir Horace Mann was the person who applied for the situation , and never did he ( Mr. Long ) meet with a more assiduous , anxious , and importunate applicant . The two letters requesting Mr. Kennet to retain the Collectorship of Surinam , were one a copy of the other . Some hon . gentleman had said , that the testimony of Mr. Dowler was unimpeached ; he would say , upon the contrary , that that gentleman came forward under circumstances of great suspicion . He said that he had seen Mrs. Clarke but once since his return at her own house , and once in the House of Commons ; that the occasion upon which he waited upon her was , having seen her name in the papers , and wishing that he should not be brought forward upon that business . Now they had it in evidence , that he had seen her twice , and such a representation must appear to the judgment of every man to be meant to give a false colouring to the testi- 491 mony . It came out from Mrs. Clarke 's evidence , that she passed the night with him on the Thursday preceding this very Sunday when he gave it to the house to understand , that he saw her for the first time . There were other circumstances , beside this , to cast a doubt over his testimony . He had stated that he disapproved of her conduct in the traffic which he had known her to pursue , he had advised and remonstrated with her upon the impropriety and the danger of it , but notwithstanding that advice and that remonstrance , he had himself become a party ; he had purchased from her the exercise of improper influence , and profited by what he affected to despise and to discountenance . It appeared from his testimony , that he had given her 1.00Ol . for the appointment , and other sums at other times to a considerable a mount . The right hon . member asked , was it probable that he would pay 1,000l . and other sums to a considerable amount , for a situation which imposed much trouble , which required much cleverness and activity , and in which he was subject to be reduced to five shillings per day ? Was it not more probable that he would give the lady some money , and that that struck him as the best way to induce her to accept it ? He ( Mr. L. ) felt as much as any man the duty of explaining all he knew , and he hoped the house would give him credit , when he assured them he had done it conscientiously . When an hon . member in that house had mentioned the name of sir Brook Watson , and stated his acquaintance with the father of Mr. Dowler , Mrs. Clarke , conscious that such a connexion might weaken the appearance of her influence over his royal highness , or at least afford grounds for supposing that it was not exercised or required in this instance , told the house , at a subsequent examination , that she mentioned Mr. Dowler 's acquaintance with sir Brook Watson to the Duke , who replied , `` that with do ; his recommendation will be of use . '' Here was an instance of the ingenuity of the woman , and of her falsehood . He had only one word more to add upon the subject , and that respected the appointment of Samuel Carter . An hon . bart . had stated the appointment to be more honourable to Mrs. Clarke than to the Duke of York . He could not agree to it ; for in one of her answers , upon a subsequent