the other day , in this very year ; 138 it could not be a case in which she was to avail herself of her influence with the D. of Y. : it is a striking instance , therefore , of that barefaced disregard of truth which characterizes so many parts of the testimony of this woman . She affects to say , that she was to get the signatures of some persons through Mr. Wardle , by which her impositions were to be carried on for the benefit of Mr. Greenwood , Mr. Froome , Mr. Donovan , and herself . I say , sir , that this is so outrageously incredible , that it is of no use to advert to it , except as it may expose the temerity of her assertions , and her indifference even to the credibility of what she invents ; or except as it may expose the distress which she was put to , to explain the passage in her letter to Donovan , in which she represents her having put certain letters of his into Mr. Wardle 's hands , to facilitate some negociations . For that , in a job in which Mr. Greenwood was concerned , Donovan would be employed by Greenwood to procure assistance from Mrs. C , is utterly absurd . Whether the hon . sent , ( colonel Wardle ) did undertake to procure the signatures which were wanted on this occasion ; or whether these letters were put into his hands to facilitate any , and what negociations , I must leave to the house to collect , if it can , from the evidence ; I confess , I can collect no certainty from it myself . In the course of the observations which I have submitted to the house , I have taken notice of every thing upon which an unfavourable conclusion against the D. of Y. has been grounded , except the circumstance of the payment made by h. r. h. for the plate ; and the rate of Mrs. C. 's expences and establishment : these remain to be considered . The purchase of plate is argued upon thus : plate to a certain amount was bought for the use of Mrs. C. : she paid , as she says , towards this purchase , 500l . the identical 500l . which she receved from col. French , on account of his levy ; and the D. of Y. paid for the remainder . Upon these facts it is presumed , that the D. of Y. must have known the whole price which was to be given for the plate ; that he must have undertaken to make her a present of it ; that he must have known of Mrs. C. 's part payment of that price ; that he must have known from what source she derived the means of making it ; —and upon these few facts , aided by these several presumptions , it is concluded that , as he was relieved , to the amount of this 500l . from the necessity of 139 paying for the whole , he actually and personally profited to that extent , from the transaction of French 's levy.—To meet this argument , it is right to see how the circumstances respecting the payment for this plate stand in the evidence , independent of Mrs. C. 's statement . The way evidence in which that evidence is given , by Mr. : Burkitt , is by exhibiting the debtor and ; creditor accompt of the sale of this plate in his books ; and the first article of that accompt is this : `` the whole of the above-mentioned articles for 1,303l . 14s . Od . '' Then follows a statement of various particulars of charge for other articles of plate , together constituting a total of 1,821l . 11s . 4d . ; on the other side of the accompt , there appears a payment of `` 500l . by cash , on account , on the 18th of May , 1804 : '' and all the other