; a person for whom she was of course nearly interested , in whose behalf she attended the court-martial so often alluded to , and the same who ; it seems , had lately escorted her to this house . This person , I say , was then in the army ; and how is it to be accounted for , but by the want of influence , that she never was able to advance him a single step in his 463 profession ? Was it to be supposed , that , while she was procuring a regiment for one , a majority for another , and a levy for a third , that she never would have applied to his royal highness in favour of her brother ? or that his royal highness , if he had been in the habit of granting her such favours , would not very naturally have been disposed to serve the brother of his mistress ? But she had not only not obtained promotion for him , but it appeared that she could not venture to ask the most innocent favour for him ; and that , when he had occasion for only a fortnight 's leave of absence , Mrs. Clarke did not dare to apply to the Commander in Chief , which was the most natural way , if she had been in the habit of interfering in such matters , but had recourse to Sandon , and represented the necessity of his speaking to some friend in behalf of her brother . She does not even desire him to apply to the Horse-Guards , where she might have seconded the application , as she pretends to have done in other cases ; but she entreats Sandon to speak to some one in the Adjutant-General 's Office , for the purpose of procuring this favour . This circuitous course must prove , either that she had no influence with his royal highness in these matters , having been obliged to apply to strangers ; or that the Duke must be of a most extraordinary and unaccountable temper , in refusing to oblige his mistress in an innocent matter , in which she was so much concerned , though he listened to her infamous recommendations in behalf of those for whom she had a weaker interest . It will , perhaps , be said , she only interfered with the Duke when money was to be had ; but , even in this view , the promotion of capt . Thompson was most important to her . It appeared that they had been accustomed to draw bills on one another , so that , even as a pecuniary transaction , she must have been interested in his advantage ; and , to go still further , we have only to recollect that Mrs. Clarke bid directed Sandon to look about , and see where `` her brother could purchase a company ; '' and , again , that she solicits Sandon 's interest for him , in order to assist his getting early rank ; without , in either case , attempting to make any application to his royal highness . To what cause , then , are we to attribute her not having applied to the Duke , if not to a knowledge that he discouraged all such interference ; or to a conviction that her application would not succeed ? While we see her , therefore , 464 imposing upon others , and taking their money , under the pretext of using her influence with his royal highness , she adopts a quite different course with respect to her brother , and applies to a friend to look out where he might purchase ; though , at the very time , both he and she were involved together , and much distressed in their pecuniary circumstances . Let these considerations be combined with those which have preceded them ; and I think I am warranted in saying that , after so long and intimate a connection , with all her art and assiduity , it is only surprising that she