the event of this discussion , would sit in judgment on the conduct of the House of Commons . I can not , in that expression , discover any thing inconsistent with the spirit of our functions , or the usage of our debates . Nothing of an improper or unconstitutional interference was , I am sure , intended by ray hon . friend , in his candid and manly appeal to the people . He had a right to make it . In making it , he might justly feel great pride ; and he has certainly not exceeded the bounds of his parliamentary duty . But it is singular enough , that such observations should come from the Chancellor of the Exchequer ; whose administration was ushered in by a threat from his colleague , the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs , that if the house did not support the king 's ministers , an appeal should be made from it to the people . The house was not found sufficiently pliant , and the threat was carried into execution ; when the people , to whom the appeal was to be made , had been by the vilest arts excited to temporary madness . Such an accusation then comes with ill grace from the 161 right hon . gent . and has no foundation in propriety or truth . The right hon . gent . also complains , that through an indecent abuse of the Liberty of the Press , garbled extracts from the evidence have been circulated and commented upon with industrious malignity in the numerous diurnal and weekly publications ; that gross libels are sent forth against the I ) , of Y. and he still maintains that there is a plan , the object of which is , to write down the house of Brunswick , and to bring the royal family into contempt . If an3 ' such false libels there are , uttered in furtherance of so base a scheme , I call upon his learned Associate at his right hand ( the Attorney General ) to discover and bring to punishment the authors . He can not be accused of any want of discernment , or of inactivity in his office . But , perhaps , by the word Libels , it may be intended to mark with reprobation the strictures upon the present proceedings of this house . I have read many of those strictures ; in which there are , doubtless , occasional misrepresentations , some of them of a nature to be complained of by the right hon . gentleman and the supporters of the Duke of York.—Of others , I myself , and those who think the accusations against h. r. h. well founded , have equal reason to complain . Even to-morrow there may be much foul and gross misrepresentation of what I shall say this night . Such circumstances are to be lamented . Notwithstanding , —I take it to be highly beneficial that free comments should be made on our conduct . I must , however , be permitted to observe , that the right hon . gent . triumphantly forced into publicity these proceedings . The evidence has gone forth by authority . Could he expect that on a question of such vital interest , the press would be silent ? or that the public would refrain from commenting on that which the house directed to be laid before it ? — Sir , the right hon . gent . has answered these questions himself . He has acknowledged that nothing has occurred which leads him to repent of a choice which in a difficult case he thought it right to recommend ; that the grounds of our determination will be as well known to the public as to ourselves ; and that we could not have the benefit of publicity without its attendant evils . With this recapitulation of his own sentiments , I shall dismiss that part of his appeal to the feelings of his audience.— Sir , I shall here notice another passage , towards the conclusion of the