he thought it his duty to submit these observations , he still did not mean to oppose the adjournment . saw no objection to the motion . But he hoped that no mistaken idea would be entertained that he did not think it probable that the house would come to a division that night , although it was improbable that the debate upon the main question could terminate before Monday . He thought it necessary to protest against any such understanding , lest it might lead many members to withdraw . It was understood to be the . intention of an hon . friend of his ( Mr. Bankes ) to propose a motion which would lead to a bye discussion upon the proper mode of proceeding , and upon which the house would probably come to a division in the course of this night ; still the general question would , as the noble lord stated , stand over until Monday . Although he was not disposed to follow the argument of the hon . general in the gallery , that by staying up until eight or nine in the morning , the house was likely to come fresh to a decision , yet he thought it desirable , and he hoped they would , in order to forward the business , continue its sitting longer than it had yet done upon this subject . The motion of his hon . friend would involve the question , whether the house would adopt an Address or a Resolution , and after this preliminary question should be disposed of , still the general question would remain . Therefore he thought the discussion would go over until Monday . in explanation said , that the right hon . gent . was under a mistake , if he understood him to state that no divi- 269 sion was likely to take place in the course of this night ; as all he meant to say was , that the discussion would not , according to the general understanding , terminate before Monday , and therefore he moved the adjournment , which was agreed to . as the important discussion before the house was about to be continued on Monday , postponed his notice relative to the Duke of York 's Letter ; he would decline until the main question was decided , to mention any particular day for bringing forward this motion , as also the resumed discussion upon general Clavering 's evidence , which stood for Tuesday , and which he also postponed . rose , pursuant to notice , to bring forward his promised Amendment . In venturing , he said , to stand forward upon this question ; in taking the liberty to state the opinion with which his mind was impressed , and in which he differed from many persons whom he esteemed and respected ; in attempting to discharge the important duty imposed upon him as a member of that house , he should regret if any gentleman on either side could suppose him capable of contriving any expedient , or availing himself of any intricacy founded merely upon parliamentary practice , to add to the length of the debate , or to embarrass the course of proceeding upon which either side might have determined . He protested against the idea that the motion he proposed to submit was merely of a preliminary nature , and referring only to a point of form . No , it comprehended the whole case under consideration , for it meant this , that after all the circumstances which had been disclosed before the Committee , that house was bound to pronounce an opinion , and to lay that opinion before his majesty , and not confine itself to the mere insertion of a Resolution upon its Journals . The house should take care , in a case of this nature , that it should not be entrapped ; that it should not be betrayed into an inefficient proceeding . If the first Resolution proposed by his right hon . friend ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) were agreed to ,