shall remain as it is . God bless you '' Why , Sir , is it necessary , or probable , that this should refer to any corrupt agreement ? Would the writer have been so absurd , as to commit to paper , that which would be evidence to his own condemnation ? And could it be possible that Mrs. Clarke , with all her desire to impute guilt to his royal highness , would not have recollected it , or her own note , to which it was an answer ? On the contrary , she had no remembrance even of the note itself . This alone may be considered as powerful evidence that it bore no reference to the present question . It undoubtedly may , and probably does , refer to something else of a different nature , and perfectly innocent ; and when I say it may , allow me again to remind the house , that in words capable of various construction , justice and humanity both require that an innocent one should be preferred . But there is another circumstance that luckily attends this note , which comes out of the possession of capt . Sandon ; it is accompanied by his account of it ; and if the least credit can be due to any thing derived from this nest of false witnesses , this account of his is an irrefragable proof that the note could not relate to the business in question . It will not be forgotten , that the note was produced in an envelope , bearing the Dover post-mark . What says the witness ? That he received it , so wrapped up , from the hands of Mrs. Clarke herself , for the purpose of satisfying capt . Tonyn , that it was of the Duke 's handwriting . Now only compare the date of this envelope ( for the note is without date ) with the date of the Gazette , and you will find that the note could not have 39 been delivered till five days after his actual appointment , and consequently far too late to answer its intended purpose ; namely , to excite capt . Tonyn 's apprehensions that his appointment would be either frustrated or retarded . Thus , then , out of the mouth of one of these associates against the Commander in Chief have you a plain refutation of one of their own charges ; nor is there any other evidence to support it . The next object of enquiry relates to major Shaw ; and I believe gentlemen of the army will agree , that it was not necessary for him to apply to Mrs. Clarke . Refer to the correspondence between gen. Burrard and col. Gordon . Scarcely a month passed without a letter from the general , asking some favour for his brother officer ; and nothing can be clearer than that , this was finally granted in compliance with the intercessions , I may say the importunities , of gen. Burrard . But it so happened , that instead of the appointment originally solicited , the office obtained was that of Deputy Barrack-Master-General at the Cape of Good Hope ; and here it is that the accusation is changed . It is not now that this office was conferred from any corrupt motive , but that this gentleman , only because he had not paid to Mrs. C. as much as he had promised , was reduced to half-pay , when , in the regular line of his service , he was entitled to his full pay ; yet you have only to refer to col. Gordon 's evidence to see that this complaint is utterly groundless . It will there be found , that a very few officers , holding similar appointments on the staff , were continued on half-pay , and that was in cases in which their regiments were stationed in the same places , which allowed them the opportunity of executing their staff-appointments , without neglecting their regimental duty : but these were exceptions to the general rule , as appeared