that the royal personage had of himself decided to quit a situation , which he could not hold , with satisfaction to himself , longer than while he could hold it to the general satisfaction of the country . Such a decision could not be construed as admitting in the smallest degree the truth of any thing that had been charged against him . Did it contain such an admission , he should find it impossible to recommend the adoption of it . If it was a submission to public opinion , it was not a submission of an unworthy sort , nor to those parts of public opinion , which were undeserving of consideration . Nothing could do more credit to the feelings of the country , nor at the same time show more strongly the general purity 522 of the administration of its affairs , than the commotion excited by any thing that had the appearance even of a departure from that purity . It was a feeling , which one could not wish less , however the effects of it might be at times irregular , and productive of injustice in particular instances . A homage paid to such a feeling was no admission of the truth of its application in the particular case.—This was all with which he wished to trouble the house on the question itself.—A very few observations only , he was desirous to offer , in answer to some reflections which had been cast on the part taken in this business , by those with whom he had in general the pleasure to act . They were accused of having been slow to come forward , or to give to the hon . mover that support at the time , which they were now , it was said , eager to proffer when he no longer stood in need of their assistance . This accusation did not touch him personally , who had been absent at the time alluded to , having been detained , by circumstances , in the country till long after the charges had been fully adopted . He had nothing therefore to restrain him , so far as related to any former conduct or language of his , from declaring in favour of any course of proceeding , that he should now see fit : nor had he been backward certainly on other occasions to support unprotected accusers against powerful culprits , as in the case of the late unfriended and hardly-treated Mr. Paull , when accusing a Governor General of India . But with these dispositions , and exempt as he was from any necessity of declaring his opinion at all , he could not be easy not to say , that had he been present , his conduct would have been precisely the same as that of his hon . friends . What else could he have done than keep aloof from a charge , with the grounds and with the author of which he was equally unacquainted , and which certainly did not exhibit at the outset any thing so attractive , either as to the spirit in which it was conceived , the manner in which it was conducted , the success to which it was likely to lead , or the objects which it might be suspected to have ultimately in view , as that all to whom it was proposed must instantly fall in love with it , and rush impetuously to its support . In fact the cause , as known to the honourable mover at the time , was not such as many men would have chosen to engage in , whether their own credit or the interests of the public had been the principle to guide them . For it must never be 523 forgotten , that the cause was now in a very different state from that in which it was originally contemplated by the hon . mover ; and that the principal part of the evidence , by which it was now supported , was as little known to him , and could be as little anticipated by