brightest ornaments . If I were to permit myself to adopt what I think the unfair and unbecoming exaggeration of my hon . friend ( Mr. Wilberforce , ) and represent Buona- 606 parté as having these loose ladies in his pay , and laying snares , through them , for the statesmen of England , I might , perhaps , ask my honourable friend where his vigilance and suspicion have slept all this while ! and whether , if every man in public situation , who was not altogether as chaste as himself , became , on that account , an object not only of constitutional jealousy , but of animadversion and punishment , he would not feel that he had a most painful duty upon his hands , and such as would , in the faithful execution of it , render the debates of this house so many questions , not of public interest , but of personal character ? But is any man prepared to say , that the moral guilt alone , without reference to political consequences , is a ground for condemnation at this tribunal ? If so , it is ground for a legislative measure : it ought not to be proceeded upon merely by an Address to the King , confining itself to-this particular instance . This new sera of legislative morality ought to commence with a written and a general law ; a law , which , to be just and fair , according to any analogy with other laws proposed to this house , must be warning and prospective and general ; not retrospective and vindictive and of individual application . The present case can not even be comprehended in such a law . The Duke of York could be brought within its operation only by a special clause ; a sort of privilegium ; not very just in its principle , nor , as British law , much approved in practice . But at ail events , frame your statute , before you proceed to act , as a house of parliament , for the first lime , upon views of morality ; highly creditable , indeed , to those who entertain them , but never , till now , considered as the foundation of a parliamentary proceeding . But whatever opinion may be entertained upon the subject of the moral impropriety of the Duke of York 's connexions with the woman whom we have seen at our bar , is there any man who thinks that personal corruption stands only in the same degree of criminality ; that there is no shade of distinction between the moral guilt , which is admitted , and the political guilt , which is denied ? My honourable friend himself has almost avowed that it is not on that principle that he calls for a vote of general and undiscriminating censure : he has almost told us that he does so , because he apprehends that if the house come to a distinct vote on the first 607 and great charge , it will infallibly absolve the Duke of York on that charge ; and such an acquittal once pronounced , he apprehends that all attempts at any further proceeding will be nugatory . Now , sir , in the utmost sincerity of my heart , I declare that I have no such view , in urging the house to come to a fair and manly decision of the main question . I do think that , the grave charge of corruption having been brought forward against the Duke of York , it is the duty of the house to dispose of that charge before it entertains the consideration of any incidental matter : but , that charge being once disposed of , I am far from meaning to say that there will not remain much matt r well worthy of separate discussion ; much , worthy of blame , perhaps of reprehension ; but of lighter moment , certainly , that the charge itself , than the corpus delicti of which it is or duty first to dispose . To that discussion