her infamous calumny ; I insist upon her entire and universal discredit . In cases of defence , one instance of failure ought not to be conclusive against the Defendant . One may fail , from want of proper attention to the matter ; from want of ingenuity in the conduct of the cause ; or from a deficiency of the necessary evidence which he could not command ; and from such failures , in one particular , we should not be warranted in deciding , that the defence of other points was equally weak ; but I contend , that , in matters of accusation , the matter is widely different . Here the accuser has time to arrange and select his cases ; and is required to bring none forward that he can not substantiate . 470 It is to be supposed , in such circumstances , that he will adduce no charge that he can not make good ; or which , at least does not carry the appearance of truth along with it . If , then , the accuser should fail in one of his most important objects ; and be detected in an attempt to impose on us , by the most false and unfounded pretences ; are we not , I ask , fairly warranted to reject the whole ? This was precisely the case with Mrs. Clarke ; she had been found to falsify , most grossly , one of the most important charges , perhaps I might say the very most important , a charge which was held out against his royal highness as one of the `` most aggravated nature ; '' and if in this she had failed , what credit are we to give her in others , where circumstances rendered it less easy to get so completely at the truth ; Mrs. Clarke must have weighed this case , as well as the others ; and must have equally known its truth or falsehood . And when it appears that she , knowing it to be false , had , notwithstanding , brought it forward with as much confidence as the rest , we are certainly entitled to discard the whole , unless supported by evidence entirely independent of hers . We are here uniting the functions of a judge and a jury ; and let us pause to consider , if this case were under trial before the upright and venerable characters that preside in the Courts of Law , what would be their direction to the jury , even before Mrs. Clarke 's detection in Shaw 's case ! They would tell them : `` That it was possible that Mrs. Clarke had told a great deal of truth ; but that it was certain she had told a great deal of falsehood : that no man could decide how much was false , and how much true ; and that , therefore , they should receive her evidence with general distrust . '' But after this case of Shaw , they would go farther , and say : `` Here is a witness deeply interested in the success of the prosecution , and of notorious profligacy of character , with every motive to convict , without any pledge for her truth ; charging many enormous crimes , of which she was the accomplice , on a person against whom she feels the deepest resentment ; equally confident in all the cases , and in all equally liable to suspicion , but at last , by accidental lights , and unexpected circumstances , not only discovered to have fabricated , in an equal spirit of falsehood and hatred , the most grave and pertinent of all these accusations , but detected at the bar as being the perjured witness of this fictitious crime . 471 Shaken , if not overthrown , as her credit already was , this last case has divested her of every claim on the belief of the most credulous , of every presumption which the most charitable could have entertained in her favour . You will acquit the accused in the