can prove the contrary to that , as I had done it once before , and he knew it ; and the man had sent threatening letters to him , and to the whole of h. r. h. 's family ; his name is Charman , a silversmith in St. James's-street : I have my own opinion of the separation.— Did h. r. h. assign any reason for it ? No , he did not ; but I guess the reason.—Was it on account of your interferences in Military Promotions ? No , it was what Mr. Adam stated , upon money matters , but not that one of the bill . `` —So that it is quits manifest that the only 322 error in my testimony , is an inaccurate recollection in the source of my information , which is extremely natural at such a distance of time , and when , a reference to the persons employed in some of the most important parts of the investigation was extremely likely to create an opinion or belief that that was the source.—The only other point in which the noble lord charges me with inaccuracy , is what telates to the account I gave of the D. of Y . 's declara-ratious as to his correspondence with Mrs. Clarke on Military Promotion . The noble lord says that I first admitted that the royal Duke had corresponded with her on military subjects—that I had afterwards contradicted that , and desired that answer to be altered . Now , sir , I think I here I have some reason to complain of the noble lord for not slating this transaction exactly as it took place , as that statement I am confident would of itself completely satisfy the house that I had done nothing but what was most perfectly right and fair , according to the most rigid rule , ; and , as long as it is permitted by the course of proceeding in every court the kingdom , for a witness who makes the application within proper time , to correct his testimony , I must be held to have acted with perfect correctness.—After having been obliged to give a very long answer upon the subject of the note regarding Tonya 's promotion ; and after two or three short answers on that subject as to what the Duke had said to me regarding that note , the noble lord put the following question to me . `` Did he ( the D. of Y . ) state to you that he had never written to Mrs. C. on the subject of military affairs ? '' I answered , `` He always stated to me , that to the best of his recollection he had never written to Mrs. C. on the subject of military affairs ; but that if he had done it , it must have been very rarely . '' Upon considering this answer it appeared to me to be very inaccurate , because the latter part of it was giving the result which I had drawn from what the Duke said tome , whereas to make evidence correct the fact or declaration should be given for those who are to judge to draw the conclusion ; and the evidence should not contain the inference or conclusion of the witness , as this answer did . Accordingly as soon as the examination of the witness next called was concluded , I desired that my answer might be read , not to expunge what I had said , but leaving that as it ori- 323 ginally stood , to correct it and to leave the whole on the evidence . Accordingly in the next page but one my correction appears . I desired the latter part of the answer to be left out , viz . the words `` or if he had very rarely . `` —The noble lord immediately asked me `` Did the D. of Y. state to you that he did not recollect ever having written to Mrs. C. about any military business whatever ? `` —To which I answered `` The D.