fix upon the Duke of York a privity to her corrupt dealings ; and Mrs. Clarke , as that statement implies , and as he had largely discussed before , was the person upon whom the whole of the cause in that respect rested . It was of vital consequence therefore , that Miss Taylor 's credit should be sifted to the bottom ; and those gentlemen had a fair excuse to make , who in pursuit of that object , might have pushed their inquiries a few degrees beyond what was absolutely necessary . Yet we have all heard , how pathetic the lamentations were , which were poured forth over the sufferings of Miss Taylor , and how fierce the indignation was against those who were in any degree the cause of them , while in the same breasts , the most stoical apathy had prevailed towards the wounds , so unsparingly and wantonly inflicted on Mr. Carter , who seemed to be of no more account with the hon . gentlemen , than a mere stock or stone , forming a very fit weapon to be burled at the head of the Duke of York , but having no capacity of feeling or of being hurt himself . He should have liked a little more impartiality in the feelings as well as in the arguments of the honourable gentlemen alluded to.—It did not appear , though the fact might be otherwise , that this influence of Mrs. Clarke , however improperly admitted or by whatever causes put in motion , had produced any worse appointments or led to any more exceptionable arrangements , than might have been likely to happen had she been wholly out of the question . Except in the two cases referred to , viz . those of Carter and French 's levy , there was nothing that seemed even to call for explanation . Still it would have been a great evil and scandal , if the Commander in Chief 's mistress was to be the channel of application and favour , in whatever manner she might have used her influence . That she should never be allowed to open her lips upon such subjects , that no friend or connexion of her 's should ever obtain through her means what he might have obtained at the recommendation of any one else , is a degree of strictness which it would be needless to require , 514 because it is impossible to be hoped for . To exact it would only be to say in other words that no person having patronage to dispose of should ever keep a mistress : because as long as that evil should exist , the existence of influence to such an extent as was here supposed , could hardly fail to make part of it . That an opinion prevailed of an influence to a far greater extent being possessed and exercised by Mrs. Clarke , and that many persons , not likely to part with their money lightly , did advance considerable sums under that persuasion , was to him no convincing proof that the thing was true : because there was no folly so great , into which the love of gain and the greediness of pursuit did not betray even what are called sober people ; as we saw daily in lotteries , and in the numerous bubbles , which are continually occurring : and because there is no opinion more prevalent , among certain classes of people , ( judging , it may be presumed , from their own feelings and practices ) , than that there was not any thing of any sort which was not to be had for money . Of this we had had the most striking proofs in facts that had come out in the course of this very inquiry , but without making part of the cause itself . What could be more striking in this view , than the conduct of that wretched creature Beasley , who thought that he had nothing to do , but go with his money in his hand , and purchase