a severe lecture , and merely said to him , `` When next your majesty `` pleases to indulge yourself in practices `` like these , you should shut the window `` shutters , and avoid scandal . '' He thought that even such advice as this would be better than the courtly flummery which had been proposed by his right hon . friend 's Resolutions . Even the slight regret expressed in his royal highness 's letter , was not for violating the laws of religion and morality , but for a connexion which had , in its consequences , exposed the name and character of his royal highness to animadversion . This was referring his conduct not to the known rules of religion and morality , but to the fashionable and fanciful ideas of modern honour . The Address of the Chancellor of the Exchequer was , in this respect , a mere echo to the letter , which ought never to have been received , and which had better be forgotten . In the just tribute to his majesty he heartily concurred . To him every man in the country was under the deepest obligation , as his example had perhaps contributed more to retard the decline of morality than any other circumstance . He wished that this example might produce its proper effect on all the members of the family . The more they looked to that example the more they would consult their own 592 honour . Upon this occasion the house should not listen to their feelings , but to the evidence . They should consider what would be the language of any other judges , who , in the execution of the duties of their office should be called upon to consult their feelings , instead of attending to the evidence . He felt that he had a solemn but a painful duty to perform ; and he could not conceive how , after all that had been disclosed , the house could believe that the command of the army could be any longer safely confided to his royal highness . Supposing the case to be according to the mildest interpretation of his friends , that the Duke had no knowledge or suspicion of the transactions , but was completely deceived and blinded by the woman whom he passionately loved and entirely confided in , that would be reason enough to call for his removal from the command of the army . It was not at a time that all the continental nations were broken down by the armies of France , that this country should have a Commander in Chief who was liable to be blinded and duped by a woman ( Hear ! hear ! ) It was well known that Buonaparté succeeded as much by his intrigues as by open force , and if he found that we had a Commander in Chief who was duped by his mistress , it would be easy for him to gain an ascendancy over such a woman , in order to command the most important secrets of the state . He could buy over such a woman , not only for a sum of money , but by promising to make a duchess or a queen of her . This was a game which Buonaparté had always played . Whenever gen. Wurmser resolved upon a sally from Mantua , he always found that the French had perfect information of his intentions . The more innocent and the more unsuspecting the Duke of York was described to be , the more danger was there that the enemy would find out if any body had influence over him.—There was still another consideration which he felt it his duty to state . That house had been always considered in a peculiar degree as the guardians and stewards of the public purse , and bound to take notice of the waste of money applied for public purposes . The luxurious and profuse expenditure of the establishment at Gloucester-place would be read with pain by the heavily-burdened cottager in all parts of the country . Whatever now takes