contained a basis for a facility of imitating the Duke 's hand and there were two short notes of his loyal highness , in particular , which , she might make use of as autographs to counterfeit the Duke 's writing . Mrs. Clarke had an interest in forging this note . It was to procure for her the speedy payment of 500l . But whether the note was forged or not , it was of such a vague description that it could not be received as evidence . It was without a date , and . the 285 name of Tonyn , a name by no means uncommon , might refer to some other individual of that name . In an inquiry , the tendency of which was to inflict such a severe punishment as that proposed , it was most essential that not any documentary evidence should be admitted , the authenticity of which was not completely established . On Carter 's case he would say but little , as any imputation against his royal highness on the subject of his promotion seemed to be given up by all sides of the house . There was great reason to suppose , that the Duke knew he was the son of captain Sutton , and it is possible that he might have attended his person . But his royal highness had shewn , that he had always been very anxious about the character of the army , and that he was careful that no improper persons should intrude into it . It was one of the chief and first objects of his care , when he took the command of the army ; the character of which was far different now from what it was when he was put at the head of it.—With regard to Shaw 's appointment , he should not detain the house a moment on it . There was no irregularity in any instance relating to it . He was placed on the half-pay as a matter of course . The pencilled note , so much insisted on , did not retard his appointment for a moment . It did not appear , from the documents in colonel Gordon 's office , that any letter had been ever written , of which the presumed rejection of his proposal was the basis.—The next case was that of Dowler ; and here he must say there was no credit whatever due to the testimony of this man . For years he had been the favourite paramour of Mrs. Clarke , long before she came to live with the Duke , He had expended considerable sums on her , and nothing was more likely than that he should have had recourse to this stratagem to get 1,000l . out of old Mr. Dowler , for the purpose of expending it on this woman . It was proved that they were in the habit of drawing bills on each other , and one of these , to the amount of 300l . was discounted at Parker 's , and remained unpaid to this day . There was no doubt on his mind that the application in favour of Dowler came from sir Brook Watson . It appeared from the correspondence with the Treasury , that three out of the five assistant commissaries for which he applied had been recommended by him . This presumption was corroborated by Dowler himself ; for in his conversation 286 with an hon . member of the house ( Alderman Combe ) , he said that he was persuaded he obtained his appointment through sir Brook Watson . He should say no more respecting the criminal part of the transaction . If the Duke wished to make a profit of his patronage , had he not hundreds of ensigncies and cornetcies every year at his disposal which he might have turned to account ? The sale of these commissions might have produced him thousands if he was base and mean enough to endeavour to derive advantage from the power of disposing of them . Was it to be supposed then , that he would