, their loyalty , and their zeal , by the result of this enquiry . Even the promotion of Samuel Carter , which was made out to be so flagrant a case at the beginning of this business , but which all parties now seem pretty well contented to lay aside , or to consider rather as an instance of good-nature than of criminality , will , I firmly believe , produce none of those effects upon the officers of the army which were predicted from it . They will no more feel themselves degraded by Samuel Carter 's commission , than the noble lord over the way , who wears a coronet earned by public services , would feel his rank degraded , because he may hear that persons have in former times been admitted into the peerage by favour or corruption , through the intrigues of a court , or the venality of a mistress . The army is too sound , thank God ! to be affected by such suggestions ; and in the state of the army , as it now stands , the merits of the Duke of York are written in characters which record his honour . But `` the opinion of the house is , that the abuses could not have prevailed , to the extent in which they have been proved to exist , without the knowledge of the Commander in Chief '' . So , then this , after all , is the extent of the crime which the addressers are prepared to impute , at the close of the investigation ; it is that which even they do not say has been proved . They do notaver the Duke of York 's privity ; they only think it very odd that he should not have been privy . If that is not the extent of their meaning ; if I wrong them ; if the framers and supporters of this Address mean to say that so much , though no more , is satisfactorily proved ; let them say so plainly . Let them aver plainly that as far as it went to influence exercised over the mind of the 626 Duke of York , the accusation was true ; but that the accusers have failed in the other part of their original statement , that of criminal connivance . Let the hon . gent , himself , the original accuser , do this , if he is contented to be party to this opinion ; which he must be , if he votes for this Address . I can conceive cases in which to he a public accuser may be a duty : but I can conceive no case , in which having been induced , by a sense of duty , to prefer , against any individual , charges affecting his honour , his character , and every thing dear to man , and having failed in proving them , I should hesitate to avow in the face of the world , to avow , and to rejoice in , my failure . Not such , however , are the feelings of those who framed the first of these Addresses . The positive charge of actual criminality is dwindled down , in their own view , to a mere suspicion that there may have been a want of due suspicion , on the part of the Duke of York , of the practices of other persons ; yet even that change , that total shifting of the ground of accusation , and the doubtfulness of that accusation , altered as it is from the original charge , is not to benefit the Duke of York : for then comes the saving alternative , `` even if upon any principle of reason or probability it could be presumed that abuses so various and so long continued could in fact have prevailed without his knowledge , such assumption in his favour would not warrant the conclusion that the command of the army ought to be continued in his hands '' . Now as matter of curiosity , will any gentleman