. Painful , most painful as his duty was , he had now fulfilled it , and he left it to the house to discharge theirs . The Gallery was then cleared for a division , which however , did not take place . Mr. Wynn 's motion having been agreed to without one . After which it was ordered That general Clavering should be forthwith taken into the custody of the Sergeant Arms , which was done accordingly . called the attention of the house to a topic which lie deemed of considerable importance , viz . the hasty and rapid manner with which a number of Public Bills , some of them of great national I importance , were hurried through both houses of Parliament , particularly their lordship 's house , so as to preclude the possibility of any thing like a deliberate and adequate discussion of the subject-matter of these acts . This he thought was a serious grievance , and to which some remedy should be applied . As an instance of the justness of this position , he stated , that within the last month no fewer than seventy five Bills , all of more or less public importance , had come up to their lordships from the house of Commons , where , from the nature of things , they could not receive the necessary degree of deliberate discussion . He had farther to remark , that important Public Bills were frequently sent up to that house from the other house , at periods of the session when it was impossible , either from the thin attendance of peers at those periods of the year , or from the very advanced period of the sessions , when in fact they were drawing to a close , to consider of and discuss those measures in that full and deliberate manner which their importance called for . He did not mean to impute blame to any noble lord , or particular individual ; but he trusted that what he now 794 suggested would induce noble lords to turn their attention to this point , and , as far as a remedy could be applied in such a case , to set seriously about it . rose , and supported what had been advanced , as worthy the most serious attention of Parliament . He deprecated what he conceived to be the hasty and careless manner in which several bills , particularly of late , had been carried through the house of Commons ; and referred to a case in the Votes of that house then lying on the table , where a most serious mistake had been made by one of the clerks in a Public Bill ; and the ground on which he excused himself was , that he was not allowed sufficient time to read or go through the bills correctly . If such therefore was found to be an allowable excuse on the part of a clerk , how much more hurried and pressed for time to consider and discuss the respective measures , must have been the members of the legislature ? The manner in which many bills had been hurried through that house also was what he must deprecate , as tending to deprive their lordships of their due weight and share in the exercise of the legislative functions , and as seeming to render that house little more than as a chamber to register the acts of the other . Of the practice of sending up bills from the house of commons so very late in the session as to preclude the possibility of adequate discussion , he must join his noble friend in reprehending . This was a grievance particularly to be complained of in the last session , when nearly one half of the important Public Bills passed during the whole , were sent up to that house during the last three weeks of the session . did not conceive it necessary at present , particularly as no question was regularly before the house , to enter into any detailed considerations of the topic to which the