there back to Christmas , 1806 , at farthest ; 348 she had gone from Islington to Kentishtown , and she is asked how long she lived at Islington ; she answers `` a little more than a year . '' This would carry her beginning to live at Islington , and her leaving Bayswater , back to Christmas , 1805 , or a little before that period ; however , when she is asked again about the length of time she resided at Bayswater , she enlarges the time . The first question is , `` How long did you reside at Islington ? A little more than a twelvemonth.—How much more ? Seven or eight months . '' Now seven or eight months seem an odd explanation of little more than a year . But suppose this to be correct , though I knew it not to be so , and that it will be impossible to prove that she remained at Bayswater longer than Michaelmas , 1805 ; the eight months , a tolerable stretch for a little more than a year , carries it back to the month of May , 1805 . Now the levy was discontinued on the 16th of April , 1805 ; the notice of its discontinuance was on the 2nd of February , 1805 ; consequently , the conversation , to be true , could not have passed later than the interval between the 2nd of February and the 16th of April ; and the time which Miss Taylor assigns for having heard it , after stretching that time to the utmost , explaining a little more than a year by seven or eight months , fixes a time for it , after the levy was at an end . If this is to be taken as a correct account of the time , it is fatal to her veracity ; if it is to be considered as erroneous , it is fatal to the correctness of her memory . In either case , it is destructive of her testimony , as to evidence of the description in question , which , to be available , must come from a mind capable of clear and accurate recollection , so as to insure to a certainty that the words repeated were the words spoken ; whereas , we have here an additional instance ( to put it in the most favourable light ) , of the vagueness of her recollections . On these grounds , sir , the conclusion which I draw is , that the evidence to corroborate Mrs. C. , in the case of French 's levy , completely fails ; and that this case again rests upon Mrs. C. 's unconfirmed assertion , and upon that the D. of Y. can not be held to be guilty of participation in , or a connivance at , her corrupt dealings , considering the nature of that testimony , and the influence which dictates it . I come now to the matter of Tonyn 's promotion , and having consumed so much time , at so late an hour on the other sub- 349 jects , On this I shall be extremely short . If this case had stood as it did at first , no question could have been made to involve the D. of Y . 's criminal knowledge of Mrs. C. 's receipt of money . It then jested merely on her assertion , and the documentary evidence which , proving the nature and circumstances of the promotion , completely controvert any conclusion injurious to the Duke . But the mysterious note , as it has been justly called , gives a colour to that charge which makes it necessary for me to say a word or two upon it . With regard to the hand-writing of the note , it would be indelicate in me , having been one of the witnesses on that subject , to say a word ; but supposing it to be the handwriting of the Duke , I submit that there is nothing to connect it with pecuniary guilt , and that