Hall acts the part of her duke of Portland ; and , above all , that she confesses that she leads her associates to believe , that her power with h. r. h. still exists ? Now , sir , even now , while I address you , there are wretches in this town whom she is plundering , under the pretence of influence with the D. of Y. ! ! ! Will those who put their trust in Mrs. C. , be so good as to inform the house why we are to believe her representations relative to 1805 to be true , when we find the same assertions made in 1808 , and that we know them to be false ? Does any man give the 437 slightest credit to the story of her present influence with the Dukes of York and Portland ? and if not , on what grounds does the testimony of her former influence stand ? If Glasse 's case , and those of Bazely , Ludewick , Maltby , and the rest , had occurred while she lived in Gloucester-place , should we not have had them as triumphantly objected—would they not have been thundered in this house , and trumpetted through the streets , with as much loudness and confidence as those of Shaw , and Carter , and Tonyn , now are ? Sir , in despite of the censures of the hon . baronet , I do appeal , seriously and solemnly appeal , to the matured judgment of legal experience ; I appeal to the codes that have been transmitted to us from our venerable masters in the science of British laws and British liberties ; nay , move , I appeal to that common sense and sound reason , which is the foundation of all law ; and ask , whether , even as the matter now stands , we ought to convict the Duke of York on the testimony of this pretended accomplice ? Of the masquerade of reluctance which she had assumed , she was soon weary . The disguise , of itself so thin , and even at first so carelessly worn , was at last thrown aside altogether . Behold her then , with avowed malice at her heart , detected falsehood upon her tongue , and flagrant impudence on her forehead , straining her invention , and torturing her imagination , for circumstances of guilt , to charge upon him whom she but just now represented herself as unwilling to accuse . The hon . baronet has called this story a drama . It is , sir , a drama : there is in it plot , and fable , and assumption of character , but there is neither reality nor truth . Mrs. C. has , if he pleases , acted well ; but it is only acting : she is playing a fictitious part , taught her , perhaps , by others ; and , like most dramatic heroines , we should think differently of her , were we to see her off the stage , stripped of her disguises and adventitious decorations . The hon . baronet has continued his theatrical allusion still further , and more to the honour of Mrs. C. 's veracity . He says he should as soon believe that she had written Macbeth , as have invented this story ! Alas , sir , this story has too many points of resemblance to that celebrated play , in which a weak man becomes the instrument of a daring woman ; where ambition and ingratitude plant a dagger in a royal heart ; where 438 there are dark contrivers and `` juggling fiends , To palter with us in a double sense , And break the word of promise ; '' and lead , by their fallacious testimony , to the overthrow of moral order and civil society . But there is , among a thousand others , this difference between the invention of our immortal poet , and the fabrication of Mrs. C. : that the vicious characters of the former are exhibited to excite