if they will let matters take their due and natural course , a reasonable hope remains , that in time , the Duke may regain much of that confidence which he certainly at the present moment does not possess . Sir , when Louis the Eleventh ascended the throne of France , the very first measure of his reign was to announce , that the affronts which had been offered to the Duke of Orleans would not be remembered by the king of France . And if in the dispensations of Providence , the Duke of York shall ever be called to the throne of these realms , the people of England will follow so generous an example ; they will forget in the person of the monarch , the faults of the Duke of York . I deprecate the effect likely to be produced by the opinions delivered by the right hon . gentleman , to whom I have before alluded . Let him take care not to push matters to extremities . When he shall have raised it , will he be able to ride in the whirlwind or direct the storm ? Every eye is anxiously and keenly fixed on our proceedings . From us , justice is expected . If we disregard the public interest , in a case of more importance than has existed since the period of the Revolution , it is not possible for human foresight to conjecture the extent of the evils with which this land may be afflicted . By going to the limit which the justice of the case requires , and the voice of the public demands , by voting an Address for the removal of his royal highness the Duke of York , we shall cast oil on the troubled waves , and allay the tempest . An honourable gentleman , who always speaks with sufficient power ( Mr. Fuller ) has loudly complained of the anonymous letters with which he has been so greatly tormented . The hon . gentleman is certainly averse to controul at any time ; and we way reasonably infer that he does not feel himself qualified to endure with more than common patience , those teazing admonitions , to which every public man is necessarily subjected . Every ; man , 705 in this house , who takes any active share in its debates , knows the nature of these things . For my part , I have bushels of letters , such as those complained of by the lion , gentleman , some of them beginning `` Honoured Sir ; '' others with `` You great rogue ; '' just as the humour or purpose of the different writers might happen to dictate : such things are not to be regarded . Sir , we are warned against yielding to the popular impulse . If it were unjust , it ought to be resisted . It is founded in justice , and therefore must be respected . No man would guard more scrupulously than myself against any encroachments , tending to the establishment of a democracy , a form of government which I abhor ; violent , uncomfortable , ungrateful , cruel , unjust , only to be surpassed in wickedness by a savage , rooted , and confirmed despotism . The end of the career of him who as an orator stood unrivalled in the history of the world , till the late period of eloquence in this house , `` who wielded at will that fierce democracy and thundered over Greece , '' does not much tend to excite one 's veneration for public characters formed in a democratic state . I have in view , and my ideas have at no time extended beyond it , a rational , temperate , and gradual reform . I think it may be rationally believed that at no time was it ever more imperiously called for than the present . We are told not to indulge in visionary prospects . Is the necessity of reform visionary ? Are not the army , the church , the state , all in situations