, heshould be thereby enabled to make a partial selection . That the petitioner , when convicted by such jury , was sentenced to a punishment not only equal to , but greater than in the generality of other cases wherein he publication charged has not been proved to be false . That the petitioner was committed to Dorchester gaol , instead of being , as he ought , committed to the custody of the sheriff of the bailiwick wherein he was convicted , the Magistrates of the county of Dorset having no power in such case , but under a partial exercise of the law . That submitting these circumstances to the wisdom of that hon . house , he begged further to state , that at the time of his committal , on the 6th of July , 1808 , he was in a dangerous state of health , a certificate of which was produced from an eminent physician ; notwithstanding which , he continued , for the first three months of hrs imprisonment , confined to a small apartment , without the benefit of free air , except for about half an hour each day in a confined space , crowded with persons imprisoned for smuggling and other offences , and that being affected with a bilious complaint in his head , the circular direction in which he was obliged to walk , in a space so confined , greatly affected him . That he applied to the magistrates to be allowed to walk in the garden of the prison , a liberty which had been granted to Mr. Gilbert Wakefield and Mr. Redhead Yorke when confined there ; but that this liberty was positively refused to him , until , through the interference of a humane magistrate , he was allowed , since the month of October last , to walk in the garden for a quarter of an hour per day , accompanied by the gaoler . That he had a wife and two children , with whose company and attendance he was desirous to be indulged during his ill-state of health ; but that this consolation was refused him , until after the interference of the humane magistrate before mentioned , and since that time they were only ad- 815 mitted to him three days in a week , and this at a late hour of the day , which considerably shortened the time of their continuance with him ; and finally , that by the expence of removing his wife and children to such a distance from London , and the charges of finding for them a separate residence , he was involved in expences more heavy and severe than the court would have inflicted , had his punishment been awarded in the way of fine . Submitting , therefore , the premises , he prayed such relief as to the wisdom of the house should seem meet . said , that as a Magistrate of Dorset , and knowing something of tins business , he felt it his duty to state what he knew to the house . In consequence of some representations made to him by a worthy member of that house , he was induced to visit Mr. White , who stated to him that in his ill state of health he wished to be indulged by the admission of his wife ; and upon his ( Mr , Calcraft 's ) , enquiring of the Gaoler , he was informed that ever since Mr. White came there life wife and son were admitted several hours in the day , and during his illness , constantly by day and by night , and since that regularly for eight hours a day , six days in the week . He then complained of the confined space in which he was allowed to take the air for an hour each day , and expressed a wish to have the same indulgence of walking in the garden as Mr. Gilbert Wakefield and Mr. Redhead Yorke had ; but , upon application to the magistrates for this purpose , their answer was , that