reply which he made to the observations of the right hon . gent . : observations so inconsistent with all propriety , that I am persuaded the right hon . gent , can not recall them to his recollection without feelings of regret . We are accustomed to see the right hon . gent , aim at victory in debate at any ex-pence ; but I confess that even from him , I should not have expected so striking an indecorum . I should not have expected that any Secretary of State of his present majesty , for the purpose of pointing a 703 sarcasm , would have raked up the ashes of George the Second , to powder his eloquence withal . I should not have expected that a defender of royalty , an alarmist about the dangerous machinations to bring all sovereigns into contempt , for any temporary purpose would have unveiled the weaknesses of a monarch justly dear to his people , or have stained his memory with a doubtful tale . The descendants of those who lived under George the Second , will not forget the pitch of prosperity to which this country rose during his glorious reign . The right hon . gent , may have forgotten , but England has not , that the monarch who selected the ancestor of the noble lord as an hereditary counselor of the crown , also selected the great lord Chatham to direct the councils of this country . The people of England will recollect the unparalleled glories of that period . They will rebuke the right hon . gent. , and think the attack might well have been spared , especially from such a quarter . Sir , it is vehemently asserted , that if the guilt of connivance is fixed upon the Duke of York , his character is for ever ruined . A right hon . gent , the member for Cambridgeshire , has been so indiscreet , as to talk of a Bill of Exclusion as the consequence of such a vote . It is dangerous to deliver such an opinion , for sure I am that of the whole mass of the people , nine hundred and ninety out of every thousand , believe in his guilt to that extent : but they do not therefore call for a Bill of Exclusion . It is not we who believe the evidence , but the professed friends of the Duke of York who would so blast all his future hopes ; It is they , who in the midst of life , would force him through that gate of despair over which is written `` Lasciate ogni speranza . '' The people do not require that such irrevocable doom should be passed upon him . They are an enlightened people ; they can appreciate the degree of guilt , and with just discrimination will apportion the punishment . It was an acute and forcible observation made by my hon . friend ( Mr . Brand ) and must have made great impression upon the house , `` That the people of this country are in the frequent habit of serving on juries ; and consequently are familiar with the nature of evidence ; '' more so , perhaps , than many ; members of parliament , who do not attend upon such duties . So that , in fact , as the whole of the evidence is word for word before the public , that public may be deemed to be at least as well quali- 704 fied to draw a correct conclusion from it as the members of this house . But , Sir , I feel the most implicit confidence in the good sense and solid judgment of the people of England , who will never be driven to violent measures , if this house will faithfully and courageously , without measuring its conduct by the rank of the accused , execute its duty . If ministers and the friends of the Duke of York will cease to act with that want of judgment which they have hitherto so eminently displayed ,