has not some surer instances of her power to exhibit ; and that the Duke of York has had extreme good fortune to be able to repel charges , which , from their very essence , seemed at first incapable of testimonial refutation . To the case of col. Tucker , one of those which incidentally started up before us , I feel myself obliged , by every feeling of my mind , to advert . The name of this gallant officer , Mrs. Clarke had most wantonly introduced : all she could say of him was , `` That he was one , of a long list of names , given in to her by some of her associates ; and that she recollected that she had , in consequence , gotten him provided for by the Commander in Chief . '' But why did she recollect the name of col. Tucker alone , out of this long list ? Why did she select him , from so many , as the object of her accusation ? What pre-eminence had he over others , to recommend him to her malice ? Her reason was natural , her motive obvious and characteristic ; colonel Tucker was dead ! ( Hear ! hear ! ) After the most meritorious and honourable service in Spain , he was returning home ; but , in the very sight of his native land , was shipwrecked , and unfortunately perished . The waves that swallowed him had not given up his body to the funeral honours that await him , when this woman took advantage of his fate , to tarnish his honour and degrade his memory . But colonel Tucker might , in his last moments , have exclaimed , `` non omnis moriar . '' He died ! but honourable character and fraternal piety survived him : his brother has nobly thrown himself between calumny and the memory of the departed ; and the feelings that prompted , and the success that has attended , this appeal , are equally worthy of the dead and of the living ; of him , to whom this posthumous duty was dedicated ; of him , by whom it was paid ; 465 and of this house , who had received it with such spirited and generous sympathy ( Hear ! hear ! ) . This was a case , too , not unworthy of Mrs. Clarke ; it was one that she must have selected with pleasure ! to trample on the grave of a soldier , and to brand a gallant gentleman with dishonour , when death had stifled the voice that could have contradicted her ! And was this the witness , of whom we had heard so many panegyrics— ( hear ! hear ! ) ; whose veracity and virtue , it had been said , made the weaknesses of her conduct excusable ; and whose humanity had been represented as extenuating her frailty , and almost dignifying her fall ? I now proceed to the Case of col. Shaw , the last upon which I shall have occasion to make any observation . Mrs. Clarke , on this subject , says , that the Duke gave col. Shaw the appointment of Barrack-master at the Cape of Good Hope , in consideration of a promise of Shaw 's to give her 1,000l . ; that Shaw broke this promise , and gave her but 500l . ; and that , when she found she was to get no more than this , she complained to the Commander in Chief , who said `` that Shaw was a bad fellow to deal with ; '' and , in consequence , reduced him from full to half pay , as a punishment for the breach of his engagement . Now , sir , this case , thus stated , has been called , and very truly , one of peculiar aggravation . Every honourable gentleman , who has spoken on the opposite side , has indulged his generous feelings , by declaiming against his royal highness for first selling this office , and