which might have been produced by a dignified and manly appeal to the generosity of the British nation ; but to assume as a proof of absolute innocence a half-pronounced sentence of acquittal , is that to which I can never agree . To close the door against all future proceedings , by this presumptuous assumption of that which is not yet proved , is that against which I will ever loudly protest . Sir , I will not admit that the resignation of the Duke of York has been uninfluenced 733 by his dread of the event of the inquiry and discussion of this house . But , Sir , if we had not received this communication of the resignation of his royal highness from the right hon . gent. , I can not but hope that the decision of this house would have been consistent with the firmness by which it ought ever to be characterised . It would not have been enough to have expressed our opinion indirectly , to have censured by a side wind ; the Crown ought not to have been left to collect our opinion by insinuations , suspicions , or inferences ; it becomes the Commons of England to speak out plainly , broadly , and in such a manner as to prevent the possibility of being misunderstood . Sir , the Duke of York having resigned , the object which the house of commons had in view is attained ; and I am the last man in this house who would urge any question beyond its fair , candid , and rational bearing . An impeachment has more than once been mentioned ; but I disclaim all idea of the necessity or propriety of any such measure ; it is , in my opinion , a subject not to be agitated . I am merely anxious to support the dignity of this house and of the people , whose representatives we are , by protesting against the admission of a fact which is assumed , not proved , the entire innocence of the Duke of York ; and I , therefore , in consequence of the assertion on that point of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , shall certainly vote for the Amendment of my noble friend . could not approve of the opinion , that , because the house had acquitted his royal highness of corruption , it had done enough ; for he was one that always thought the house ought to inquire more particularly into all the existing abuses , with a view of reprimanding that officer , and expressing a decided opinion upon his conduct . He certainly had formed a decided opinion that no grounds existed for charging his royal highness with corruption ; but still there were minor subjects which were to Vie considered , and he thought the general impression was , that the Duke had acted improperly , and it was therefore necessary to express that sentiment to the public . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had already expressed an opinion , Unit he wished his royal highness to go from that house without any ambiguity existing as to his conduct ; if , then , the ambiguity as to the major charge , namely , that of corruption , 734 was done away with , was it not equally necessary that no ambiguity should exist , as to the minor one , namely , that of suspicion and misconduct ? It therefore appeared to him , that there could be no better mode of clearing the whole matter from ambiguity , than by their expressing an opinion of how far blame attached to him . He could not see that the Amendment was more severe in expressing those feelings than the motion itself , and indeed no expressions more gentle and delicate could be used for that purpose , even the word 'now ' admitted . said , it seemed to be imagined by the right hon . gentleman opposite , that this was a mode of bringing forward , by a side-wind , that which had been