especially when that person is so nearly related to his majesty ; have felt it their duty to lay before his majesty the following resolution , expressive of their opinion upon this enquiry . '' Then , after inserting the resolution which I have read , expressive of our conviction of h. r. h. 's innocence , I would propose that the Address should proceed as follows : `` And his majesty 's faithful Commons think it their duty further to state to his majesty , that whilst this house has seen with satisfaction , in the course of this enquiry , the exemplary regularity and method with which the business of the Commander in Chief has been conducted under the direction of h. r. h. ; and also the many salutary and efficient regulations which have been introduced into the army , during his command of it ; some of which regulations have been specially directed to prevent those very abuses , which have in this enquiry been brought under the notice of the House of Commons ; they could not but feel the most serious regret and concern , that a connexion should ever have existed , under the cover of which , transactions of a highly criminal and disgraceful nature have been carried on , and that an opportunity has been afforded , of falsely and injuriously coupling with such transactions the name of h. f. h. , whereby the integrity of his conduct in the discharge of the duties of his high office has been brought into question : that it is , however , a great consolation to this house , to observe the deep regret and concern which h. r. h. has himself expressed on the subject of that connexion ; as from the expression of that regret on the part of h. r. h. , this house derives the confident assurance , that h. r. h. will henceforth invariably keep in view that bright example of virtuous conduct , which the uniform tenor of his majesty 's life , during the course of his whole reign , has afforded to all his subjects , and which has so `` much endeared his majesty to the affection 114 of every rank and description of `` his people . '' Such , sir , is the course which I should recommend to the house , instead of the Address proposed by the hon . gent. , to remove h. r. h. from his office : and having thus put the house in possession of what I intend to submit to it , I shall now yield to its impatience , and I move , sir , that we do now adjourn.—Adjourned . moved , that the order of the day be read for calling over the house , which being done , he moved , that the house be called over to-morrow , as there was a probability that the business would not close to-night . said , if it did not , he thought it unnecessary to have the call of the house hanging over the heads of the members if not carried into execution . The Irish gentlemen were under the necessity of returning to the Assizes , and if the noble lord persisted , he must allude to the Union , the business of grand juries in Ireland , the state of the roads , and other particulars , which it would take him three hours to explain . The call was unnecessary , as it was evident gentlemen did not wish to shun their business . thought the call unnecessary , from the attendance in the house below and above stairs . wished to understand , if it was the intention of the noble lord that the Call was to stand for Monday next ; if so , he would take the sense of the house . said , he had no such intention.—The motion was then put , and the house was ordered to be called over to-morrow . resumed his speech . After thanking the house for the indulgence which had been afforded to him by the adjournment ,