have served for the remainder of his life , as a beacon to direct his course : and he might have thanked his Creator for his rescue from the abyss over which he hung , with a resolution immoveably fixed , thereafter to lead a life of virtue ! Sir , I now come to Mr. Dowler , whose case appears to me to bear still stronger proof of the corrupt influence of Mrs. Clarke , than any of those which have been brought before us . It has been contended by the right hon . gent . that the testimony of Dowler ought to be rejected , on the ground of his having been convicted of falsehood , or at least , of his evidence having received from an hon . member of this house , Mr. Alderman Combe , such contradiction as renders Mr. Dowler unworthy of belief . This , sir , I positively deny . The substance of Mr. Combe 's evidence is , That having been acquainted with Mr. Dowler , and his misfortunes on the Stock Exchange , he had heard with pleasure of his having obtained an appointment in the Commissariat , but that he at the same time heard this appointment had been obtained through the influence of Mrs. Clarke . On meeting Mr. Dowler in the street , he , Mr. Combe , being on horseback , and Mr. Dowler on foot , and separated by a press of carriages , ( and as Mr. Dowler states by the unruliness of Mr. Combe 's horse , ) Mr. Combe congratulated Mr. Dowler on his good fortune , and asked him whether he had obtained his situation through Mrs. C. 's influence , or by the interest of Mr. Brook Watson . To which Dowler 's reply was , `` Oh ! by Mr. Brook Watson 's . '' This assertion is denied by Mr. Dowler , and indeed , if it was made , turns out not to have been true . But , sir , let us deal a little fairly by the witness , and try whether the falsehood , admitting it to have been such , is of a nature to make us reject all Mr. Dowler may ever after say as a witness . Was it an examination on oath ? was it a judicial enquiry of 232 any sort ? was it even a conversation of a strict and severe character ? By no means , It was of that loose desultory sort , where no right existed in the one to demand , nor any obligation lay on the other to disclose , what had passed . We are told , and it is not improbable , that strict secrecy had been enjoined to Dowler . That moralist must have been able to balance himself with great success , upon the pinnacle of perfection he has attained , who can undertake to say he has never made a greater deviation from truth , than the one here ascribed to Mr. Dowler . Listen a little to Mr. Alderman Combe , and hear whether his opinion of Mr. Dowler 's integrity is weakened by the circumstance to which he has himself given evidence . He is asked , `` From your own knowledge of Mr. Dowler , do you believe him to be a man of integrity ? Perfectly so . I would have recommended him to any situation for which he was a candidate . '' Sir , the Chancellor of the Exchequer may hold this cheap ; but I have a very great value for the opinion of Mr. Alderman Combe . I believe him to be an excellent judge of mankind . I have great confidence in his tact , and I am sure no consideration would induce him to represent a man as one of perfect integrity , who , in his opinion , had been guilty of gross deliberate falsehood . The right hon . gent . thought , if he could extinguish the character of Dowler , the glaring case of the commissariat would be extinguished with it . Of