given . He was surprised at the manner in which the right lion . gent . thought proper to allude to his hon . friend 's abandonment of his notice . Such manner was certainly not discreet , yet he should be sorry if his hon . friend were provoked by that conduct to revive the discussion . Enough had been said about this Letter to mark the general sentiment with regard to the character of this Letter , and to prevent , he hoped , the recurrence of any similar attack upon the privileges of that house . declared that he did not abandon his notice from any change whatever in his opinion as to the unconstitutional character of this Letter , but solely upon the grounds he had stated . said , that such was his opinion of the Letter alluded to , that were he in the house when it was read , he would have opposed the motion for laying it on the table . At the same time , he saw no reason now for renewing the discussion of its merits , as it had been sufficiently Ob-served upon . The motion being put for resuming the debate , relative to general Clavering . moved an Amendment , that the debate should be deferred , till Tuesday , upon the ground that there were some members absent at the Assizes , who had particularly considered this case , and who wished to deliver their sentiments upon it , and to this amendment he hoped the hon . mover would have no objection . thought the grounds stated quite inadequate , as the absence of particular members might at any time be urged for postponing a debate ; therefore , however he regretted the necessity of resisting any proposition coming from the noble lord , he should certainly oppose the Amendment . He was sorry to see any individual in the situation in which general Clavering had placed himself ; but he should be still more sorry to see that house neglect its duty , or expose its character to the imputation of wishing to screen any person from condign punishment . followed on the same side , observing , that when the situation of Sandon was considered , to allow any farther delay in deciding upon tins case before the house , would not be consistent with the principle of impartial justice . begged gentlemen to consider the peculiar situation of general Clavering , whose character and prospects were so deeply involved . When the meanest 775 individual was accused in any court in the country , he was allowed the aid of counsel to plead his cause , and that was all applied for in this instance.—The learned gentlemen who had examined general Clavering 's case , and prepared to speak their minds upon it , being out of town , he only requested the indulgence of a few days to wait their return . When it was recollected that none of the postponements which had already taken place upon this business was solicited by general Clavering or any of his friends , he hoped this single application would not be rejected . This officer continued to declare before God and his country , and he believed the truth of his assertions , that he was totally innocent of any intentional prevarication , but that his incorrectness , which he admitted , was the effect of inaccurate recollection , and a misconception of the questions put to him . Under those , combined with the death of a near relation , which aggravated the sufferings of general Clavering , he submitted to the feelings of the house , whether the Amendment ought not to be acceded to . said , he really felt himself called upon to set the lion , baronet light upon a matter of fact . Any delay that had arisen had not been occasioned by him , for it was much his wish to have brought it forward sooner than what the house was inclined to do . He thought the house did not really consult its own dignity by