the same time he knew there were many circumstances attached to the condition of princes , which afforded a palliation inapplicable to the errors of other men . When he considered that they were debarred from an extensive commerce with mankind , when he considered that they were prohibited from an intercourse with life in its most general and useful sense , and were by that means excluded from the practical lessons that result from intercourse and observation ; he saw an extenuation in their favour , which did not apply to the faults of other men , whose fate was more obscure , but whose fortune was perhaps more favourable . The hon . member concluded with observing , that he could not accede to the Address , nor to the Amendment proposed to it by his hon . friend ; but the latter he particularly objected to , as not consistent with the character and dignity of the house , which ought to have the energy and decision to pronounce `` guilty , '' or `` not guilty , '' upon the charges . said , that though the original Address might not be carried , yet in conscience he would say from the evidence , that there was corruption in the extreme , personally attached to the Duke of York . Circumstantial evidence he built upon , and this he felt to be so much stronger than positive evidence , at least it had carried more men to the gallows . Had any doubt remained on his mind in the matter , the speech of his hon . friend ( Mr. Whitbread ) would have removed it all . He was determined to oppose corruption , what- 494 ever form it might assume ; and its defence he would leave to those who were likely to thrive by it . If the country was to be saved , it could only be saved by opposing 6uch corruption . When he looked to the situation of the hon . gentlemen on the other side of the house , he would no longer pay any attention to what they said on this subject ( Loud cries of order ! order ! ) . The hon . gent . concluded by returning his thanks to the hon . mover ( col. Wardle ) . —I have abstained hitherto from delivering my sentiments to the house , because I felt that it was desirable for me to collect , in the course of the discussion , the opinions of as many different members as possible upon this important , delicate , and difficult question , before I ventured to offer any view of my own upon it . If I am now anxious to state my opinion upon the subject , it is because of the crisis of the proceeding at which the house has arrived ; because of the mode of proceeding which is next proposed to be adopted ; and because very erroneous opinions have been formed upon that mode of proceeding . But , before I enter into this consideration , it will first be necessary to consider what is the actual state of the question . Statements have been made to this house , rather than charges , which impute misconduct to the Commander in Chief . An inquiry at the bar of the house has been the consequence , and four modes of proceeding have subsequently been recommended . An Address to his majesty has been originally proposed , suggesting what measure should be adopted ; then came the Resolution of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , acquitting his royal highness altogether ; the third course is that proposed by the right hon . gent , upon the floor ( Mr. Bathurst ) ; and the last is the Address of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes , ) containing an opinion respecting the conduct of the Commander in Chief , and differing upon the whole from the original Address . With any one of these modes of proceeding I shall be able , if necessary , to concur ,