wish and feeling of every individual in the kingdom was , that h. r. h. should come out of this inquiry fair and uncontaminated . It becomes every member of the house to divest himself of every undue influence , and to decide the question without reference to situation , influence , or consequence . In replying to the learned gent. , I shall neither follow the commencement , or the conclusion of his speech . Why the hon . gent . should think it necessary to contend for the purity of his motives , or that he was exempt from influence , or from hopes of any kind , is not for me to decide . In the best times of the house such was not the practice , whether any thing in latter times had occurred to call in question the motives of members in this house I know not : for myself I shall make no professions , the propriety of my vote must and ought to depend upon the arguments assigned for it , and upon those and my conduct for twenty-five years , I shall rest it ; it is the less ambiguous text , and I shall never be disposed to substitute vague professions in its place . The eyes of England are upon us , and every man , as he values his country , should make up his mind , however painful and delicate the task , to discharge his duty to the people , firmly and conscientiously.—Sir , it is not necessary to prove the actual participation of the D. 46 of Y. in the corruption : if there had been evidence produced , proving that great and shameful practices of corruption had prevailed in that department for many years back , I contend , even admitting his innocence as to the knowledge of such practices , still his very ignorance of them was more than sufficient proof that he was an unfit person to fill the high responsible situation he now holds . But is it for a moment denied , that the existence of these abuses has been satisfactorily proved ? There was no doubt left in the mind of any man as to that point , and what then was the strongest defence set up for him ? that though such transactions might have taken place , he was ignorant of them , so that his defence admitted his incapacity , for surely it was his duty to have detected those abuses , to have extirpated them from the army . I will say then , that the defence resorted to , proved that the D. of Y . ( even admitting his innocence on the score of corruption ) was remiss in the discharge of his duty , that in justice to the army , in justice to the public , he ought to be dismissed from it . My habits will not permit me to follow the learned gent . through all the statements he has made , nor to argue it as a counsel , but I trust , plain common sense , honestly applied , will enable me to form a judgment upon the question . The learned gent , who spoke last , has said a good deal upon the nature of evidence coming from an accomplice ; why , no doubt , it was not so unquestionable as that of witnesses not implicated : but where , he would ask , were they to find witnesses , or how come at proof of corruption , but from accomplices , —how , but from those who were themselves engaged in corrupt practices ; it can not be expected to find proof in this , what is seldom proved in any case of corruption , that the money can be traced into the pocket of the party . But was there nothing corroborating that sort of evidence ? I do confess I am astonished at the very partial and circumscribed view the hon . gent . has taken . When the charges were first brought before them , I do believe there was not