that h. r. h. relied or upon her goodnature , or upon her honour , as his security , that she would not divulge them . Did he so ? She tells him plainly that she will divulge them . She says in her letter to Mr. Adam , that if h. r. h. does not give her the annuity of 400l . a year , and pay her the arrears , she will publish every circumstance that was ever communicated to her by him , and every thing that has come under her knowledge during their intimacy . Surely then , if the D. of Y. is endowed with the smallest possible share of common sense , he must have yielded to her demands , unless , as the fact was , he felt secure in the consciousness of his own innocence , He braves the charge , he defies the exposure which she threatens ; although he must have known , that many of the circumstances attending his unfortunate connection must come before the public , he is content that the whole his- 71 tory of their private intimacy shall meet the public eye , rather than suffer his chater to be compromised by yielding to such threat : He braves the utmost effects of her resentment and malice , rather than do that by which , if he had done it , he would indeed have put himself completely into her power . Had he been so weak as to have regarded her menaces , ( and many an innocent man under similar circumstances , might have done so ) , how would her story then have told ? How strongly would the payment of her annuity have confirmed it ? It would then have been said , that after discarding her for some reason which he deemed sufficient , and which , for the purpose of the argument of his accusers , would then probably have been assumed to be sufficient ; he had , for some reason , which would have then been deemed also equally sufficient , refused to pay her the stipulated annuity ; that he had declined to do her justice , upon the mere merits of her claim ; but , that when she threatened the . exposure , which he must know whether it was in her power or not to make , then he began to be alarmed , then he thought it convenient to purchase her silence , then , from the fear of having his guilt disclosed , he acquiesced in demands which , as his former refusal had demonstrated , no sense of justice had impelled him to regard . Such would have been the inference drawn from the conduct of the D. of Y. , had that conduct been the reverse of what it was . I put it then to the house , whether candour and justice do not require that the direct contrary inference should be drawn from the conduct which h. r. h. did pursue ? To pass now , sir , to another point . It is impossible , in estimating the weight which belongs to Mrs. C. 's evidence , not to notice that total want of a proper sense of the situation in which she was placed , which was so strongly marked by the whole of her behaviour at our bar : Her sarcastic insolence , her playful pleasantry ; as if there was nothing in her evidence that weighed heavy upon herself ; her general cleverness and versatility ; the art and wit she displayed in answering those questions which she thought proper to answer ; the most unblushing effrontery with which she disclosed things which would have abashed the boldest witness ; the mode in which she was continually evading the questions which she wished to avoid ; presenting new topics to the examiner ; misleading him ; turning him beside his object ; and at last , when pressed and 72 driven to extremity , sheltering herself in a total forgetfulness . All this , sir , must be present to the memory of the