that might he necessarily neglected in the pursuit of such minute details ; upon such business as the fitting out of expeditions and fleets , that great extent of rigour was productive of the worst consequences . He did not think that they should be detained by the slow proceedings of office to wait for such vouchers as might be customary . Upon the whole , he concluded , that the proposition of the worthy baronet ought to be adopted by the house , and therefore it should have his support . said , that the right hon . gent . appeared to him to have mistaken the field , and evinced an ignorance of the whole substratum upon which the Victualling Board rested . He had come down to the house in the middle of the debate , which accounted for the unprepared manner in which he appeared to have met the question . The worthy bait , had made a proposition which implied that something had been done improperly by the Board of Admiralty , and it was only upon that ground , and from a conviction that such a reflection was not deserved , that he Opposed the proposition . The hon . gent . 756 seemed to think that the present Board of Admiralty was acting upon a system introduced by them , in consequence of the former Board , but nothing could be farther from the fact . The Commissioners of Naval Revision did think that there was something incorrect in the system of the Victualling Board , which they proposed to remedy by dividing it into three committees . These three committees would require three commissioners ; but it was resolved by the Admiralty to try an experiment less burdensome to the public , and forbear the appointment of the three new commissioners . For acting upon such a system , they were entitled to praise . To a Board so constituted , it became necessary that two officers , experienced in the Navy , should be attached : that they might be attached without increasing the expense to the public , it was necessary that two should be removed to make way for them ; and then the question was , whom it would be advisable to remove I Mr. Birch , the chairman , had been a long while prevented from discharging his duty in consequence of his infirmities ; and when they considered that a chairman , accustomed to act upon the old system , was not the person most likely to carry a new one into effect , a new one , the very adoption of which might be considered as in some degree reflecting upon himself , they would see the propriety of that removal ; the other gentleman was also far advanced in years . They were not removed merely to make way for new appointments , but because the appointment of two was necessary for the reason already stated , and they were removed , to make the vacancies necessary to admit them . The right hon . gentleman had gone on for some time , coolly and calmly talking against an arrangement which he did not seem to understand . When gentlemen did come forward with imputations against individuals , or bodies of men , they ought to consider , before they made their charges ; the fact was , that Mr. Moody had himself made application to be discharged , upon the ground of old age and infirmity ; The hon . bait . had not insinuated in the debate any thing as to the demerit of particular persons , but he wished the house to adopt a general proposition , which , if nothing had been done in the Admiralty , might be necessary , but which , if they had done their duty , was a stigma that should not be passed upon them . There was , in his opinion , no occasion for asserting it at the present moment . said , that he differed from the right hon gent . opposite on many points , and in whatever way the