the Writership , I told him yes , I remember three that I have given to you , and I have seen the return that I have met with for it . He then mentioned Mr. Donovan 's name ; at that moment I thought I should have fallen down , I pushed him away from me , and told him not to speak to me any more , that I must go directly to the India House , and I ran to the India House and asked for the Chairman and the Deputy Chairman ; the Chairman was not there , but I was informed he was gone down to visit the India Stud , that the Deputy Chairman had not been there ; I asked if any other Director was there , and I was informed Mr. Mills was there ; this was about a quarter past one o'clock . I informed Mr. Mills of what had passed , and asked him what advice he could give me ; he recommended me by all means to see the Chairs , but he was afraid that the Deputy might be out of town , and I told him that the Chairman was also gone ; I told him that I certainly would make a point of seeing the Chairs if I went into the country or elsewhere ; I then went to Mr. Smith , and communicated the whole circumstance to him ; from thence I went to Mr. Serjeant Heywood , who is executor and co-trustee with me under my brother 's will , to inform him of what was passing , as we are fighting in Chancery Mr. Woodford at this moment ; Mr. Serjeant Heywood was not at home , and I went to my solicitors , Messrs. Oddie and Forsters ; from thence I returned to Mr. Serjeant Heywood 's , and walked with him to the Deputy Chair 's in Russel-square , he was not at home , I left my name there and that I would call again ; I then went by myself to the Chairman 's house in Gower-street , he was not come home , but was expected home to dinner ; I waited at his house till he did come home , I communicated the circumstance to him , and he recommended me to go to the Deputy Chair 's , as he thought he would be home then ; I went to the Deputy Chair 's , but he was not returned ; I wrote at the back of the note I had left before , to appoint to be with him at eight o'clock , as I was determined not to see Mr. Woodford , and that he had fixed that hour to call upon me ; I went home ; I did not know Mr. Woodford 's direction in town , but Mrs. George Thellusson told me of it ; I then wrote this letter . —That was since the other , the note that lord Castlereagh had sent him was the original one , I had not the honour of knowing him before that .