will touch upon the fallacy of that statement presently , but I may be allowed to retort upon him , and those who cheered him so loudly , by asking what they would say to a jury who , upon corruption alledged , should find guilty , but return , at the same time , that the man was an excellent soldier I The Duke of York is accused of corruption . General officers are then called to character , and we are told that he is an excellent Commander in Chief.—Sir , the Duke of Marlborough never fought a battle which he did not win ; he never besieged a town which he did not take ; and he was the ablest negotiator of the age in which he lived . We look back with pride to the days of his glory . Yet , Sir , the Duke of Marlborough was instantaneously deprived of all offices on the exhibition of charges against him respecting his official conduct . Thus far , Sir , I have viewed the question in a light which is understood by the whole house , and by the whole country ; but it may become necessary to go much further than the mere removal of the Commander in Chief . Is it true , that there has been a meeting of general officers , at which the Secretary at War was present , and at which an Address was proposed to be presented to the Commander in Chief , couched in terms of affection and approbation ! ! ! ( hear ! hear ! hear ! . ) Is it , I demand of the Secretary at War , ( who can correct me if I am misinformed ) true , that such a meeting was held , at which it was intended to address the Duke of York to express the high opinion entertained of his services and merits ? ( hear ! hear ! hear ! ) If there is no foundation for my question , I desire to be stopped . It is , I fear , not less true than dangerous . To what does this lead I In the moment of deliberation , are the commons of England to be subject to the interference of the officers of the army I ( hear ! hear ! ) Is the character which was given of the Duke of York in this house the ground-work of this proceeding ? hear ! hear ! hear ! ) I have heard , by report , that the Address was waved , but for the present only , till these proceedings are over ( hear ! hear ! hear ! ) . Sir , general officers ought to know that they owe obedience to the state , and that they have no more right to assume the functions of a deliberative body , than the privates of the army or navy ( hear ! 701 hear ! hear ! ) Shall we henceforth be compelled to hold our deliberations under terror of the bayonet ? ( A violent tumult arose in every part of the house , which lasted some minutes ) . The house of commons must , on these grounds , if true , immediately proceed to an Address . Sir , some novel proceedings of the army and navy of this country , are brought to my mind by the fearful circumstance I have just stated , which appear to me highly reprehensible . I mean the custom lately introduced of inferior officers sitting in judgment upon , and rewarding the merits of their superiors : it has a dangerous tendency . I would instance the piece of plate presented to sir Arthur Wellesley by the officers who served under him at the battle of Vimiera . I know that a gallant friend of mine , who has claim to so large a share of the laurels won on that day , and who has spoken so ably and manfully on this question , ( gen. Ferguson ) was a party to that proceeding ; and I believe the officer to