to his affairs , it was in his power to dissolve them , and constitute another of Twenty , of Ten , or of Five ; and to alter them again when he would ; but to make counsellors , that should not counsel , he doubted whether it were in his majesty 's power or not : and therefore he advised him to constitute some such council as he would think fit to make use of , in the digestion of his great and public affairs . Sir , I am far from wishing to visit the errors of princes with any particular severity ; they are not to be tried according to the rules which apply to the conduct of the general mass of society . By the base views and treachery of those generally about them , they are almost cut off from the truth . If a man amongst their servants is at any time found sufficiently bold and honest to state things as they are , the rarity of the fact makes it worthy of mention in history . Their rank in society precludes the possibility of the free enjoyment of friendly intercourse , the greatest solace of human existence . The disinterested and affectionate admonition of the most honest and virtuous servant may be cut short by a retiring bow . How then can we expect the same fruit where the same degree of cultivation is impossible ? From the cradle to the grave they are exposed to the baneful influence of flattery . Their temptations are greater , and their means of resistance less . These considerations may check our disposition to envy , but it will add to our inclination to make allowances for those deviations from the strict line of conduct , which can not be made in extenuation of their errors , to those of inferior rank . By a false and mistaken policy , the legislature has cut off the royal family of this country , from the common rights of mankind ; if they form any legitimate connexion , it must almost inevitably be an union in which the heart can take no interest . I wish these bonds were broken ; I know no evil , but I can foresee much good which would arise from their repeal . I think an intermixture with the first families of this country , quite as desirable as the most illustrious foreign connexion . The only example we have of a royal Duke so descended , is in the highest degree encouraging . He certainly has not exhibited in his conduct any deviations from the strictest rules of propriety.—Upon all accounts , I am averse to the 741 sermon which it is proposed to preach to the Duke of York . The examinations we have gone through , have been one long and painful lecture , and if no impression has been thereby made upon his mind , it is incapable of being impressed . Before I sit down , I must again call the attention of the house for a few minutes to a subject which I mentioned the other night ; I mean , the meeting of general officers , in which it was proposed to address the Duke of York . I then understood , Sir , from the Secretary at War , that the proposition had been put down , and that , too , by the right hon . gent , himself , as soon as it was suggested . The story , which has been repeated to me , is very different , and considering how fatal the consequences of such a proceeding , if unchecked , might prove , I think it right again to submit it to the attention of the house . I have been informed , Sir , that this Address originated in a letter written by a general officer , commanding a garrison town ; and that it was in the handwriting of Sir D. Dundas , who , at the meeting , communicated the substance of it in a speech to those general officers who were present ,