to , than what shall be at once both an admonition , and an example . I shall now , Sir , detain the time of the house no longer , but shall submit the following Resolution : — '' That while this house acknowledges the beneficent effects 718 of the Regulations adopted and acted upon by his royal highness , in the general discharge of his duties as Commander in Chief , it is observed with the deepest regret , that in consequence of a connexion the most immoral and unbecoming , a communication on official subjects , and an interference in the distribution of military appointments and promotions , have been allowed to exist ; which could not but tend to discredit the official administration of his royal highness , and to give colour and effect , as they have actually done , to transactions the most criminal and disgraceful . '' spoke shortly in favour of this Resolution , and thought there were some things on the table which ought not to go unnoticed . said , that there were one or two positions advanced by the right hon . gent , who had just sat down , in which he could not entirely concur . With regard to the regret of the right hon . gent . for the resignation of the Duke of York , he admitted that it was a great loss to lose the services of those who had , while in office , efficiently discharged their duty , but the loss of the services of the Duke of York was considerably lessened , when they recollected in what manner it had been proved at their bar that royal duke discharged his duty . He differed also from that right hon . gent. , as to the great use and importance he thought proper to attach to the elevated rank of that illustrious person . He ( lord Althorpe ) was rather disposed to think that such high rank and affinity to the throne , were not the most recommendatory qualifications for the most responsible situation under the Crown ; ( Hear ! hear ! ) and he appealed to those who heard him , if , in the course of the late proceedings , their debates were not , in some degree , influenced by considerations of delicacy , inseparable from any discussion involving the character and honour of one so near his majesty ; and therefore , it did appear to him to be of the greatest importance that no person should , for the future , be called to such high situations but such as could be completely responsible ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Another assertion of the right hon . gent , went to the total acquittal of the Duke of York , as to corruption or connivance . It was not necessary now , perhaps , to go into this , but as it was mentioned , he would state , that he did think the Duke of York had been proved guilty of connivance at the corrupt practices which had taken place ; and if his royal 719 highness had continued in office , he thought that the house must have gone farther , and passed a sentence upon him that would have rendered his resignation unavoidable . With regard to their subsequent proceedings , he was of opinion , that the question stood in a state in which the house of Commons ought not to suffer it to remain . He wished to place it on the Journals , that the Duke of York had resigned . This notification would give consistency to the entire character of their proceedings , and bring it to its proper close , at the same time satisfactorily accounting why it was closed . Not , however , that he would be understood to say that he considered removal from office a constitutional punishment ; but it would be in this case so far effective , as to preclude the possibility of that royal Duke being ever re-appointed to a situation he has proved himself so incompetent to fill