the arrear due , and a security for the future payments . She states her necessities to be very pressing , and that the Duke knows them to be so . She adds that if he refuses , she has no other mode , of supplying her immediate wants , than to publish all the circumstances of their connexion . At the same time she expresses the strongest wish that her request may be complied with , both for his sake and her own . Not receiving any answer to this letter , she was induced to write another , couched in stronger terms than the former , still alledging the strong temptation of her poverty , still praying not to be driven to extremities ; but by no means amounting to that style of menace which ought to induce us to discredit her . The solution of all this is simple and easy , without having recourse to the existence of those deep-laid plans which are represented as intended finally to produce the exposure of these unhappy transactions at your bar . Sir , the persons best acquainted with Mrs. C. were also acquainted with her distresses , and with the connexion which had so long subsisted between her and the Duke , and must have known her to be possessed of materials , which if wrought into a publication , would produce a considerable sum of money ? Was it not natural they should suggest to her such a step for her convenience , and their own ? Was it not probable that the fact of her having such documents should be rapidly conveyed from mouth to mouth , till at last it would come to the knowledge of persons who would make her considerable offers ? Was not the 178 temptation in that case strong ? and are the terms in which the existence of that temptation was communicated , ( in candour left me ask it ? ) are those terms so highly offensive , and of such a menacing nature as they are represented to be ? I contend they are not . Sir , the Chancellor of the Exchequer has told us that it was quite impossible for the Duke to comply with Mrs. Clarke 's request , that if he had done so , he would have exposed himself to conclusions , most injurious to his reputation . Sir , again I differ from the right hon . gentleman . I think that the D. of Y. , if he had been well advised , would have complied with her just request . Nay , sir , the pledge of his word could alone be redeemed by his so doing . Her claim upon him has been talked of . She made no claim . He had voluntarily offered the annuity . It is preposterous to say , that the refusal of the D. of Y. to accede to the terms proposed , is a conclusive proof of his innocence . Sir , again the proof goes too far . I would ask of any man who hears me , whether , putting out of the question all connivance at corruption , or any letters or documents from which it may be inferred , would he not have given a large sum to have stifled the publication of such trash as has been read at your table . But trash as it is , it was money 's worth . Sir , I own , that he who would risk such an exposure , might in my opinion possibly have risked much more , from negligence , inattention , or in the confidence that she would not have the courage to publish . I wish , sir , that the annuity had been paid with all my heart . It ought to have been paid . The painful exhibition we have witnessed would then have been spared . You , sir , would have been spared the trouble of listening to the reasoning , upon which I build my conviction of the guilt of the D. of Y . The house would have