; but it appeared that ill Feb. 1804 , she had used her influence , as she pretended , for col. French , and that that gent . 's offers had been then made to her . This , however , was the very period when it appeared also that the D. of Y. had by no means remitted in his expences towards the support of the establishment at Gloucester-place . If , therefore , the contributions of h. r. h. at this time 398 left no pretext whatever for recurring to such means of supporting the establishment , Mrs. C. 's evidence must have been erroneous , or she must have begun her traffic of this description before any necessity in the judgment of the D. of Y. could have existed of recurring to such extraordinary means of maintaining her establishment . The great pretence on the part of Mrs. C. was , that she had no other means of supporting her expensive establishment ; hut it appeared that at the time when she received and accepted of the application from col. French , the expences allowed by h. r. h. had by no means proved deficient , for instead of the demands made on the Duke that year having diminished , it appeared that he had paid very considerable sums . Yet it was alledged by Mrs. C. that the Duke was at that time in distress , and that he could not find the means of defraying the expences of the Gloucester-place establishment . Had this been really the case , was it not probable that the Duke would have asked of Mrs. C. what the sums were that she received on this account ? If h. r. h. , from his necessities , had been obliged to recur to such means of raising money , was it not highly probable that he would have taken an account of such sums ? But , as there was no such evidence before them , as it appeared , on no testimony they had received , that the D. of Y. made any account of the sums so received by Mrs. C. , was it not the natural inference to be drawn , that he had no knowledge of the sums so received ? That he not only did not wish to participate in the sums so raised , but was entirely ignorant of them ? The truth was , it did not appear in evidence that h. r. h. ever did know of those practices . There was nothing in the evidence relative to the levy of col. French that shewed that the Duke had any knowledge of the transaction . Had he granted her any power , or permitted her to have any influence on the subject , it must have appeared on the face of the documents ; particularly as she appears to have been in the habit of preserving all such letters as she received from h. r. h. With respect to col. French 's levy , there was not a single circumstance that brought home to the Duke any corrupt influence , or any influence whatever exercised by Mrs. C. as to that case . Whatever her pretensions might be to obtain favours from h. r. h. , it did not appear that any of the circumstances attending that levy might 399 not have wry naturally taken place without any interference on her part , and that the whole was not the result of the official arrangements . That she used false pretexts in support of her supposed influence was not to be doubted . If the appointment or promotion , respecting which she was applied to , took place directly , and without any delay , it was all very well ; no doubts would be suggested with respect to her influence ; but if , on the contrary , these appointments did not immediately take place , she appeared to have had always some salvo ready to account for the delay , and some means to create expectations of its speedy accomplishment . This fact was remarkably verified in the promotion of