might communicate that knowledge which might enable a designing and unprincipled person to accomplish the purposes of illicit and shameful gain . At a period of this proceeding when some matter had been brought forward , which , when conveyed to h. r. h. affected him deeply , by finding the meanness of pecuniary corruption cruelly and falsely imputed to him ; at a moment when his heart was wrung with this imputation , so that the utmost exertions of his fortitude , could hardly restrain his tears ; he communicated to me the promotion of gen. Graham , ( lately a Member of this house ) a person whose high character is well known ; whose peculiar turn to military affairs has greatly distinguished him ; whose promotion had , at a former period , been refused , for reasons which were then thought conclusive ; with regard to whose promotion the objections had been removed by subsequent events , and the long continuation of voluntary services . This gallant officer , who fought at the battle of Corunna , and stood by the side of his friend , sir John Moore , when he fell , gen. Hope had recommended to the Commander in Chief , at the dying request of sir John Moore , in order that lie might get his rank . When h. r. h. communicated this subject to me , under the circumstances which I have just set forth , he said , `` I know , from your attachment to Graham , that it will give you pleasure to learn that I have passed a great part of this morning in writing to his Majesty my reasons for thinking that the obstacles to col. Graham 's promotion are removed ; and I trust I have given such reasons as will induce his Majesty to authorize the promoting him to the rank of major-general . The King 's answer has not yet come back , but I impart the matter to you because I know how much you will be gratified in being told what is so truly interesting and important to your friend . '' I felt the kindness of the communication , and being particularly impressed with the whole scene , with the excess of feeling , the fortitude in repressing it , and the kindness in devoting himself , under these circumstances , to the interests of others , that I could not refrain from shewing and expressing what I felt . After a little time h. r. h said , `` you may now discover from the communication which I have imparted to you , several days before it can be known to the public , how I may have been abused in similar cases , and by what means com- 353 munications , which might drop in conversation with motives perfectly pure on my part , might be turned to purposes the most criminal and corrupt . If I had mentioned such a matter as col. Graham 's intended promotion in the parlour at Gloucesterplace , I have now reason to see that a communication , innocent on my part , would have been immediately made the subject of a base and scandalous traffick , from which I could not be secured by the honour of the man who was the object of promotion . '' Sir , it is impossible that these circumstances should not make a deep impression on the house , and it would be a strange perversion of understanding to say , that such a communication violated the rule I have given in evidence as to the Duke 's conduct , in not communicating with Mrs. C on these subjects . I mean his having said `` that when Mrs. C. , early in their acquaintance , stated something to him relative to promotion in the army , that that was business he could not listen to . '' It is no violation of this rule that in his ordinary unreserved conversation with a person in whom he implicitly confided , and of whom he had then no earthly distrust , that he should accidentally