, `` Guilty or not guilty of corruption ? '' Even my honourable friend who spoke last , in that part of his speech where he alluded to parliamentary tricks , seemed to think that this call for a direct vote upon the principal charge was one of those tricks : a trick which he was determined to defeat . A trick , to call for decision upon a charge ! A trick , to put an accused man on his trial ! In what vocabulary shall we find words to describe the others functions of parliament , if the performance of this , one of our highest duties , the ascertainment of guilt or innocence upon a grave criminal accusation ; if the endeavour to perform this duty strictly and conscientiously , is to be branded as a trick and a delusion ? The Duke of York has been accused of personal corruption ; of wilful connivance . True it is , that he is assailed by minor charges ; but will any one say , who loves justice , who thinks reverently of the laws of the land in which he lives , who remembers that in this land `` no man is to be found guilty but by the judgment of his peers , '' and that even a person accused of the most heinous crimes has the right `` to be presumed not to be guilty , till he is proved and pronounced guilty . '' Will any man , who knows that he has these for his 605 birth rights , and who prizes them as they deserve ? will any such man be induced by any eloquence , by any ingenuity , or by the weight of any authority whatsoever , to consider a call for decision upon a charge , before punishment is inflicted , as nothing but a trick of parliament , nothing but the tactics of a party ? It is on these principles that I do call upon you for a decision : principles , the fair operation of which were never denied to any man before . I ask for no partial favour for the Duke of York , beyond that which is due to any other subject in the kingdom : but let it not be said , that in the first case of the sort which the house of commons has had to decide , it has made a precedent unfavourable to the party accused for no better reason than because the party accused was of the highest rank , and because justice done to him might therefore have been misrepresented as partiality ! How any gentleman can have made up his mind to consent to a general lumping Address , condemning , by a comprehensive censure , without sentence , without reference to the proof of facts , to the gradations and degrees of blame , or to any just apportionment of punishment ; and how , in agreeing to such an Address , any man can fancy that he is discharging conscientiously the duty imposed upon him on this occasion , does pass my understanding . It is also beyond my comprehension , that those who profess to think the Duke of York `` not guilty '' of the heavy crimes laid to his charge , should support an Address recommending his removal ; and that they should not consider even his removal enough , unless accompanied and embittered by such expressions of censure as this Address contains . I do not say that these gentlemen state an opinion which they do not hold with great sincerity ; but if I were to adopt their view of this subject , and contend that immoral practices , and a loose life in certain particulars , even if not accompanied by political misconduct , disqualified for public situation , and called for parliamentary censure , I am afraid I could recur to many cases to which such a rule would have most inconveniently applied ; cases , which would have deprived the state of some of its ablest servants , and this house of some of its