claim to be advanced , according to the beneficial rules established in the army , they had an opportunity afforded them . All those that were appointed or promoted were only such as were deemed worthy of being so , and therefore parliament had no occasion to interfere with the prerogative of the crown . Neither of the Resolutions were necessary ; but in his opinion a third might be passed , expressive of how far promotions in the army had been effected by private influ- 727 ence ; a Resolution declaring , that although private influence appeared to have existed , yet that his royal highness had never promoted officers , otherwise than by his being satisfied those officers deserved it , according to the rules and regulations established in the army . If there should be a third Resolution proposed to that effect , he should support it . said , that after the communication he had had the honour to make , he did think the house and his right hon . friend would have been of opinion that to proceed farther was wholly unnecessary ; if , however , it was considered proper to proceed , he could have no objection to meet the discussion . With respect to the proposed Resolution and Amendment , he could only say , he preferred the Amendment to the original Resolution , but he could not agree even to the Amendment , unless it was farther amended , as he considered it by no means unexceptionable . He did justice to the motives which actuated his rt . hon . friend ( Mr. Bathurst ) , who , he believed , throughout the whole business , had ever given his vote as the best feelings of his heart dictated ; but he could not accede to the proposed Resolution , as he thought much censure was contained in it with little foundation . Convinced as he was of the Duke of York 's innocence , he could at no time have given it his approbation ; at no stage of the proceedings could such a Resolution have received his support ; if , then , such a procedure would not have appeared just to him at any period of the investigation , it certainly was not to be expected that he could now give it his suffrage , when the Duke of York , by voluntarily resigning his situation , had given the most ample atonement he could possibly be desired to make by his right hon . friend , a greater than he could have expected : nay more , a greater than he could have asked . He objected most particularly to the word ' now ' in the proposed Amendment ; if his ideas were correct , the noble lord distinctly stated corruption , and connivance proved ; if he ( Mr. Perceval ) was of that opinion , he should undoubtedly think effectual measures ought to be taken to guard against his ever being placed again at the head of the army . But he , for his part , was naturally of opinion that his royal highness was wholly innocent of corruption or connivance , and the house had negatived the charges preferred against him . If he un- 728 derstood right , the house , in adopting such a Resolution , would countenance that which had so recently been dismissed with their negative . The noble lord had made some observations on the impropriety of placing one of the royal family in a responsible office , from the difficulties which obstructed any proceedings instituted against one so near to the throne , through the delicacy which must necessarily be observed , while endeavouring to make a person thus situated amenable to the laws of his country . Now , he did think , if there was a time when that assertion appeared to be unfounded , it was at the present , for he was not aware that in the course of the recent investigation any peculiar difficulties had retarded their proceedings , and he really was unable to perceive that they had