this was expressly understood when he accepted the situation ; and yet Mrs. Clarke would have them believe that it was in consequence of his disappointing her that his reduction from full pay was inflicted . A letter of Mrs. Clarke 's , which appeared in evidence , confirmed his disbelief of her account upon examination , and proved that she did not negociate the promotions ; it was manifest also from au appeal to dates . With respect to the case of col. French , it was evident that with all her boast of influence , many things were refused to him , though nothing could put more money in her pocket , or with less danger to the Duke of York . As to the 488 corroborative evidence of Miss Taylor , he begged to remark that she had given it in a qualified manner ; she said not positively what his words were ; but in a doubtful and uncertain way , she said , she thought they were , `` how does he use you , darling ? '' when a witness swore to a conversation at the end of four years , he was not inclined to give credit to that evidence . There might be a mistake in the account , there might be too much presumption and too much reliance on memory ; at all events , there were circumstances that should incline every body to weigh it maturely , and regard it suspiciously . Whatever he was inclined to think of the Duke of York 's indiscretion , for indiscretion he allowed he had been guilty of , in the unfortunate connection he had formed , —whatever he might think of that , he could not say , from the face of the evidence , that the Duke of York was guilty of corruption . As to the Note to capt . Sandon , the hon . member said , that it appeared throughout the whole that she pretended to an influence she never possessed . Capt . Sandon had told them in evidence , that he did not believe she possessed any influence . He was not desirous of vindicating the conduct of Sandon , or proving him , upon the whole , to be a credible witness ; but there was a circumstance which , in his mind , supported and enforced his evidence in that particular , and gave it a stamp of veracity that would not easily be obliterated . It appeared in evidence that capt . Sandon and Mrs. Clarke had a quarrel . He appealed to the understanding of the house , whether they thought it likely that capt . Sandon would so far forget his own interest as to break with her , if he thought she possessed the influence she represented herself as possessed of ? With respect to General Claveriug , he would as soon think that any hon . member of that house would go after Mrs. Clarke , and , offer her 1000l . for a situation , as that gallant officer . The Address , against which he was resolved to vote , was stated by it 's advocates as originating in motives of delicacy ; but wherein the delicacy consisted , he was at a loss to comprehend . There were fathers in that house , and to their hearts he was confident the delicacy of such a measure was as unintelligible as to his own . The Duke of York himself had said he was not guilty ; he had required to be put on his trial ; in requiring that , he had only required what could not with justice be withheld from the meanest subject ; the house 489 was therefore bound to acquiesce in the request , and to reject the Address proposed by the hon . gent . He disapproved of the course which bad been adopted by the other side of the house . At first , an Address was proposed , setting forth that the Duke of York was guilty of corruption ; an Amendment was suggested to that , differing from