for him , upon comparing these parts of the evidence , upon calling to mind the character , the conduct , and demeanour of the witnesses who had been examined at the bar in the progress of this business ; upon weighing all the circumstances both of their testimonies , and their bearing upon the question under investigation ; upon such a general view of the subject , it was impossible for him to assent to the proposition of his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer . That proposition went to call upon the house to vote , what in his conscience he could not assent to , namely , that there was no ground of charge against h. r. h. the D. of Y. , on the score of corruption , or connivance at corruption . But before he made any observations upon that proposition , or stated the reasons why he could not concur in it , he begged to say a few words upon the subject of the original Address which had been moved by the hon . member who had instituted the proceeding in that house . That Address contained a prayer to his majesty that he would be 404 graciously pleased to remove the D. of Y. from the command of the army . To that an Amendment had been moved by his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer , substituting two Resolutions for the Address , the first of which called upon the house to decide upon the guilt or innocence of the D. of Y. , and the next Resolution affirmed , that there was no ground of charge of corruption or connivance at corruption against h. r. h. To this Amendment another Amendment had since been moved , to leave out the whole of his right hon . friend 's Address , having the same objects as the former one , though not proceeding upon the same grounds , but praying for the removal of the D. of Y. from the command of the army . That was the state of the question ; and upon all the consideration which he could give the subject , his opinion was , that the Amendments ought to be negatived , and the original Address adopted . As to the question whether they ought to address his majesty to remove the D. of Y. from his command , he should say , that he could not conceive a case in which the house of commons could address for the removal of a public servant from his situation , if not upon the evidence which they had then before them . He was not able to collect from the speech of his right hon . and learned friend who had just spoken , in what way he meant to vote upon the Amendment of his right hon . friend ; but from the tendency of his argument , he should apprehend that he meant to negative it . As the evidence had not been fortified by those sanctions which his learned friend deemed so necessary for a just decision , he supposed he would be inclined to a middle course , between the alternative of guilty or not guilty , and the Resolution which went to acquit the Duke altogether . For himself , he wished to state shortly the ground on which his vote was founded . The question then before the house was not , whether h. r. h. was or was not guilty . No such question had been submitted to their decision . No choice had been given to the house . The Amendment of his right hon . friend gave the opportunity only of pronouncing that h. r. h. was not guilty . Here it would be necessary for him to say a few words upon the preliminary question , whether the house was bound in this instance to decide whether h. r. h. be guilty or not ? It had been said that as they had entertained the charges , they were 405 bound to decide upon the guilt or innocence of h. r.