of this proceeding , rendered it impossible for them to pursue the same course as in the case of any other subject . There was no person within their walls , who would more strongly deprecate any improper influence upon the sober and correct judgment of this house than he would ; but he must at the same time observe , that it highly became them , if they should differ from the well judging and well-informed out of doors , who would strictly discuss their decisions , and appreciate their motives , to feel within their breasts that the judgment which they may pronounce should be such as their conviction warranted and their conscience approved . ( Hear , hear ! ) . `` Let '' us recollect , '' said he , `` that it was we who created this public agitation ; that it was we who granted to the accused that publicity , which his defenders in this house so strenuously demanded ; ( hear , hear ! ) ; that it was we 414 who sent by every day 's post our proceedings upon that subject to be canvassed in every corner of the kingdom . With this recollection , and with the knowledge of what the effect has been , is this house now to be desired to turn a deaf ear to the opinions of the public . '' Certainly , the house was not to be biassed in its judgment ; but the house should reflect on what the consequences might be if the judgment of the house should differ from that of the public on this occasion.—He would be the last man to admit that that house should bend improperly to public opinion without its walls But high as their attachments were to the throne , he thought , that nothing should be dearer to them than to maintain the character of that house . If once the opinion should prevail that the house of commons had heard of corruptions existing in the state , and heard of it with indifference ; if ever such an impression should go forth , and they should lose the confidence of the people , if they should on any occasion appear to be inattentive to the interests of their constituents , and the minds of the public should be alienated from parliament , if ever that fatal time should arrive , no man could tell the consequences . Never had he given a vote with more reluctance than he should that night ; he had sincerely wished from the begining of this inquiry that the Charges should prove unfounded , and it would afford him the highest satisfaction now that the investigation was brought to a close , if he could conscientiously say that no grounds of charge existed against the D. of Y . His hon . and learned friend , ( Mr. Burton ) had attested the sincerity of his vote , by an affecting allusion to his infirmities and age , and the consequent impossibility that his vote should be influenced by any considerations of interest or any views of ambition . For his own part he could say , that , though he was not labouring under the same affliction with his hon . and learned friend , yet lie looked forward both for himself and those connections to whom he was strongly and tenderly attached , for future prosperity , and whatever might be the result of the present question , he should ever have the heartfelt satisfaction to know , that he had no advantages to expect from the vote which he should give that night . regretted that , in these resolutions there was no proposition which would bring the house to a distinct vote of aye or no upon the accusation . He admitted that 415 the house had full powers to proceed to the extremity of judgment , and even to inflict punishment ; but lie did not consider that the sort of ex parte evidence given was sufficient to induce the house to believe there was that sort of connivance at corruption in the