any disposition in my honourable friend to compromise one jot of his own sincere and settled opinion for the purpose of obtaining a single stray vote in favour of the Proposition which he might think it his duty to support . I was confident that he not only would not profess for himself , ( what he has however not scrupled to impute to others , ) the practice of any parliamentary tactics on this occasion ; but that he really would not feel himself at liberty to act the part of a parliamentary tactician ; that he would feel this to be an occasion upon which , if upon any other , he could not possibly consent to collect votes by agreeing to any mode of proceeding not suitable to the subject , or to any form of Address , expressing any other than the distinct opinion which he himself conscientiously entertains . Still less could I expect to find him agreeing to an address to which no other character can fairly be ascribed than that it expresses no opinion at all . My honourable friend tells us that he feels deeply the great duty imposed upon bun in the decision of the present question : I have no doubt that he does so . But how is it that he can possibly conceive that duty to be properly performed by adopting an Address , which if it is intended to express an opinion , and to guide , as the opinion of this house ought to do , the opinion of the country , must from its own indistinctness manifestly fall short of its own object ? 595 What is the amount of the statement of my honourable friend ? It is that , after a careful consideration of all the conflicting presumptions of this case , he does not feel himself capable of pronouncing a decisive judgment upon the most substantial points of it : he is not prepared , he says , to give a decided negative as to the question of corruption or connivance . ( Mr. Wither-force intimated dissent ) . Then I have misunderstood my hon . friend : then he is prepared to give a decided negative upon the question of corruption or connivance ! ( Mr. Wilberforce again intimated dissent ) . Then it seems he is not prepared to give any decided opinion at all ! Ami this is the state in which lie finds himself at the close of this protracted discussion ; this is the result of a Debate of six days ; this is the conclusion to which my honourable friend comes after a consideration more ample and detailed than was ever given perhaps to any subject in parliament . One of the most enlightened and experienced men among us ; one who has perhaps the largest number of persons looking up to his opinion as the rule by which to regulate their own , professes , at the end of this Debate , that he is wholly unprepared to pronounce a judgment upon the main question of guilt or innocence , and in point of fact is ready to content himself with declaring no opinion at all . The view which I take , and which I deem it the duty of the house to take , of this most grave and painful subject certainly is of a very different nature . In a case of charge so weighty and so complicated as this is , I have ail along thought that it was incumbent upon us to discriminate not only the different matters of charge , but the different shades and degrees of criminality ; but above all , to discriminate what has been really established , from what has been only insinuated or inferred , or imputed , without just ground ; and to separate such parts of the charge as are of our cognizance and jurisdiction ; on the one hand from matter not politically punishable , though morally to be regretted and blamed ; and on the other hand , from that which is of so grave a character of crime as