Marines , the senior Captains were appointed Pay Captains , who actually keep the accounts of 2,000 men , which they at present do without any encrease of pay or remuneration whatever , and it was certain they have been of material benefit to the Corps by their industry and accurate attention to the necessaries of the non-commissioned and private Marine . He thought it advisable that the rank which the Marine Corps should take , when landed , and co-operating with the troops of the Line , should be fixed ; he earnestly wished , that the advantages which the country might derive from a proper attention to this valuable portion of the force of the country might be fully discussed . said , he could not be supposed to be so well acquainted with this subject as the hon . baronet , but there were some points on which even a civilian might point out an answer to the suggestions . Of the Marine Corps in general , he would premise no man could have a higher opinion than he had , or be more convinced of the services they had rendered , and the gallantry they had uniformly displayed . With respect to the increase of the Marine Artillery , he conceived that could not take place without increasing the force altogether , and converting the Marines into a land army . The hon . baronet had not only not censured , but had commended the present administration for adding to the number of their Field Officers , but complained that they were not yet as numerous in proportion as in the Royal Artillery . It ought to be remembered , however , that Marines on board of ships were not commanded by Field Officers , and as most of them were engaged in that species of service , it was not necessary to have so many Field Officers . As for the age of some of the Captains , he could only say , that as it was a service in which Officers rose by seniority , that could only depend on the length of life of those who preceded them on the list . Into the pay of the Pay Captains he would inquire , and was sure that if for any extraordinary labour , any recompence could be made to them without injury to the service , it would be instantly afforded.—The Bill was then read a first time . 422 stone moved , that this Order be read for the purpose of postponing it till to-morrow . suggested to the noble lord , that as it might be possible this night for the house to conclude whether it was proper to adopt the mode of Address or Resolutions , perhaps it would be better not to propose his motion at so early an hour , before the decision upon that part of the question which pointed out the most convenient mode of proceeding . He could wish it to be held over their heads till the end of their sitting this evening , that in case they did come to any decision , the opportunity of such a break in the discussion might be seized , to move a short adjournment , which was not only desirable for the health and strength of the members , but also to enable them to come with a clear and unfatigued mind to a final decision upon a question so important . For himself , he was free to confess , that five nights in a week sitting up till three or four o'clock in the morning , and being again called on at an early hour to fulfil the other duties of his official situation , was , he found , too much fatigue for him to undergo . The health also of the respectable person in the Chair was an object not to be trifled with , though he was sure he would be the last to complain of it . What he wished , therefore , was , that the noble lord should not push his motion till the rising of the house