were not proved . Although his royal highness might not be guilty of corruption and connivance , yet he might be guilty of great misconduct , so as to render him unworthy of trust . It was , therefore , better not to dismiss the subject without expressing an opinion upon the whole of the case . He did not approve of an Address full of flattery . It was an act of justice due to public opinion , that this house should express their sentiments in a manner most likely to meet the objects which all had in view . In the first place , he thought it right to state in the Address , that the house were of opinion that corrupt practices did exist . But that in lieu of the Address , proposed by the right hon . gentleman , it would be more unobjectionable if it was to go forth that this house were of opinion , that his royal highness had not participated in the corruption , or been guilty of the connivance at it . That was all that could be necessary for the Duke of York , and must be satisfactory to the public . It would be an injustice to his royal highness to deprive him of the votes of those , who could go thus far and no farther . He had rather kill a man outright , than mercifully inflict a lingering death ; he had rather stab him in open day , than insinuate into his body a poisoned dagger . He liked open conduct , and therefore was desirous that the house should decide so far upon the guilt or innocence of his royal highness , as to say , boldly , whether they conceived him guilty or not of the charges exhibited against him ; and if they decided in the negative , then to state that there was enough in the evidence to warrant them to submit the propriety of his being removed . This would afford the royal personage an opportunity to give in his resignation . If an Address should be voted , he trusted that it would not have the semblance of flattery , but that the commons of Great Britain would roundly and unequivocally speak their sentiments . 657 Therefore he most especially objected to that part of the Address proposed , which went to contrast the conduct of the son with that of the father . He believed there was not a father in that house that did not agree with him in that sentiment ; as he also could anticipate the agonies which such a contrast must excite in the sovereign 's mind . According to the best consideration which be could give the whole subject , he thought the opinion of the house night be readily comprised in a few words . First , it should state , ( if an Address should be regarded as the most suitable procedure ) that , from the evidence before them , corrupt practices appeared to have existed respecting military matters . Secondly , that they were not proved to have existed by any participation or connivance of the Duke of York . But , thirdly , that sufficient had appeared in that evidence to shew that his royal highness had permitted undue influence to be exercised over him , and to influence his conduct as Commander in Chief , whereby promotions were obtained in the army through a connection in itself immoral , which he had formed ; which corrupt transactions had existed , to the great injury of the army , and to the scandal of his majesty 's subjects . Something to that effect , he thought , should be adopted , and to a course following that principle , rather than either the Resolutions of the right hon . gentleman or either of the pro- , posed Addresses , he should give his support . was of opinion that the house should come to a decision on all the charges , particularly those that related to corruption and connivance , and that it should be done rather