. himself will agree that the Duke of York is entitled to be acquitted . I have troubled the house long enough , I fear they will think too long , with this case ; but I can not yet leave it without observing that this was the first case which Mrs. C. brought forward ; that in this case we were referred to dates and circumstances , which dates and circumstances completely refuted her . It will be seen that , in the subsequent cases , though she was not more successful in establishing her charges , yet , as if warned by her failure in this , she would not furnish us with the same means of refuting her ; and from this time she particularly forgets all dates . 94 It would now be in order for me to proceed to make some observations on capt . Maling 's Case , if I thought that any were necessary . But this case , it will be recollected , the hon . gent . distinctly gave up , as wholly failing him . He now , indeed , has thought proper to return to it , and it has occupied a considerable part of his speech ; but I am sure I should be wasting the time of the house , if I were to say a word upon it . The hon . gent . was wholly mistaken in all the particulars of it ; and if he had been correct , if it had appeared in proof , that capt . Maling had been serving at Mr. Greenwood 's desk , as the hon gent . stated , instead of being with his regiment , as it was proved ; still it would be utterly impossible to connect his promotions with any charge or any suspicion of corruption . Passing by , therefore , as unworthy of further notice , capt . Maling 's Case , I now come to the Case of col. French 's levy ; a case which peculiarly requires the attention of the house , because it is in this case that there exists the circumstance of confirmation from Miss Taylor 's evidence , which has appeared to make so much impression upon some gentlemen.—The hon . gent. , ( Mr. Curwen , ) who spoke second in the debate , on the other side of the house , when observing upon the evidence of Miss Taylor , stated , that whatever might be the objection applying to Miss Taylor 's evidence , yet when once a suspicion was raised against the D. of Y. , it let in her evidence ; and upon the ground of the previous suspicion , her evidence acquired a degree of strength which otherwise would not have belonged to it . The hon . gent . must give me leave to observe , that this is the most perverse reasoning that can be adopted . The suspicion raised against the D. of Y. , by Mrs. C. 's evidence , requires the testimony of some unsuspected witness to confirm it : Miss Taylor is called as such witness ; and then the hon . gent . conceives that Miss Taylor 's testimony , instead of confirming the ground of his previous suspicion , derives from that very previous suspicion , the only support by which it can stand itself . And yet , sir , this evidence of Miss Taylor , I will venture to assert , is not only the strongest , but the only confirmatory evidence , which the whole case affords to Mrs. C. 's assertions of the D. of Y. being acquainted with her corrupt practices . We shall presently see what weight belongs to it . 95 That col. French 's levy went through all the regular forms of office , and was submitted to gen. Hewitt , the inspector-general of recruits , is admitted to be true , and , therefore , I need not trouble the house by referring more particularly to the official documents ; but we have it unquestionably in proof , that Mrs. C. received considerable