, of personal feeling , and , I hope , not dishonest ambition , be more sincerely interested in the honour of the house of commons ; in the maintenance of its honour in the eyes of the country ; and of its power , its preponderance in the balance of the state . But I would not flatter the house of commons any more than I would offer adulation to my sovereign . I would not betray either into an abuse of power , by encouraging either to mistake power for right . The house of commons , acting upon this principle , would be a despot ; and a despot whose tyranny would not he less intolerable than that of a single tyrant . It is not every tiling which the house of commons can do , that it therefore ought to do . It is not because it has the power to sweep from his station whomever it may choose to sacrifice to its displeasure , that it would be justified in condemning the Duke of York either against evidence or without trial ; in condemning him principle than that who equally to the meanest individual ; or by any other process than that of impartial and dispassionate justice . amidst a violent cry of `` question '' , and `` spoke '' , from every part of the house , rose to speak in explanation , and addressing the Speaker , said : I shall not detain the house many minutes ; but , Sir , the personal allusions that have been made by the right hon . gent , who has just sat down , I find it impossible to pass over in silence . In an early part of the debate this night , I endeavoured to set him right with respect to the motive by which I have been uniformly actuated in my conduct on 633 this important question , but the right hon . gent , did not avail himself of my suggestions to correct his misconceptions , With respect to the supposed assertion of the right hon . gentleman , of the charge of infamy attaching to the accuser or the accused , in what I said , I argued on the supposition that such an expression had escaped the right hon . gentleman . As , however , he has so pointedly disclaimed and disavowed the expression , my observation must naturally fall to the ground . I , however , beg leave to say , that it was not upon any document that ! I founded the presumption of his having used the expression ; hut upon what I thought I had heard with my own ears . It however appears , from the statement of the right hon . gentleman , that I must have been mistaken , and therefore I shall not notice the subject further at this time than to express my surprise and regret , that the right hon . gentleman did not take an earlier opportunity of making this disavowal . On the subject , Sir , of the insinuation which the right hon . gentleman has made , respecting transactions that took place before those from whom I derive my existence were born , it would be affectation in me to pretend that I do not understand the force and tendency of this allusion . The house shewed , by the general laugh which followed , that it was generally understood . That allusion , Sir , has been grounded not on any fact that has been proved , but on mere rumours , the truth of which those most interested and most desirous to discover the truth have never yet been able to ascertain . He has thrown out these insinuations , either to influence my conduct , or to attach some blame upon myself . If the motive be to influence my conduct , and that too by the allusion to transactions which took place before those to whom I am indebted for my existence , were born , I beg leave to ask the house in what view my conduct