effected , she told him that unless she could bring h. r. h. to terms , she would expose him in the manner she was endeavouring to do by her evidence . When Mrs. C. was asked the question , she said she never told any body so , except Mr. Adam . She recollects something respecting her letters to Mr. Adam ; but she distinctly and positively states , that she never did say to Mr. R. Knight , that if h. r. h. did not come into her terms she would expose him . Now I ask the house , whether the credit of Mrs. C. is to be set up against the credit of Mr. Knight ? He has no motive whatever which can possibly influence him to invent a falsehood ; while on the other hand , she has every motive to induce her to do so . The fact stated by Mr. Knight , cuts up and destroys her testimony , and therefore she denies it . Upon this part of the case , then , there is a distinct contradiction ; by a witness whose testimony it is impossible any candid or impartial mind , can fail to prefer to the testimony of Mrs. C. There are a variety of other contradictions in the evidence of 78 Mrs. C. , with regard to minor circumstances ; but I do not think it necessary to go into them . I will merely refer to the circumstance of her denying that her husband was of any trade , in which fact she is pointedly and distinctly contradicted.— Mr. Whitbread intimated across the house , that this was mis-stated . ) —If I am guilty of an over-statement , sir , it is , I can assure the house , unintentional . I am sure that over-statements never can do good in any cause , which is heard before intelligent judges ; they not only do not impose where they are introduced , but they cast suspicion over the whole case . The correctness of this statement therefore being called in question , I must , for my own vindication , go into it , with a particularity and at a length which I did not intend : this contradiction stands thus in the evidence . Mrs. Clarke is asked , What is your husband ? —Her part reply is , he is nothing but a man . What business ? — No business . Was he never in any business V No , his father was a builder ; he lives at Kettering , in Northamptonshire . Was not he a stone-mason . No , he was not—he lives at Kettering with his younger brother—that is all I know of him . Now , surely this house must be aware what was the evidence of Mr. Stowers in opposition to this testimony of Mrs. C. Mr. Thomas Stowers 's evidence is as follows : — Did you know Mrs. C. before she was married to Mr. C. : I did not . Did you know her after she was married ? I did . Do you remember the time when Mr. C. was married to her ? I never knew the time . What business did Mr. C. carry on ? When I first knew Mrs. C. by being wife to Mr. C , he was not in business just at that time ; he was a young man What business did he afterwards carry on ? That of a stone-mason . Was that soon after his marriage ? I can not speak to that . I did imagine he was married so soon as he had an acquaintance with this lady Did he carry on the business of a stone-mason , while she was living with him ? He certainly did . For how long ? — Not less than three or four years . Was she living with him all that time ? As I never visited them I can not under take to say she lived with him all that time , but I conceive she lived with him a principal part of