looking —it is to that tribunal , before which we must all account fur our actions here ; and 44 with that awful scene in contemplation , I am prepared to pronounce my sincere opinion , that there is no ground for any of the charges . Allow me to add a few words upon the Address which has been just moved . It appears to me to be cruel and unjust , and inconsistent with the dignity of parliament . The Address states , ( if I caught it correctly ) that many corrupt practices have been proved , but without ascribing to the D. of Y. positively and with certainty , any participation in these practices , or any knowledge of them : yet the deduction it seems to draw is , that he ought to be removed from his office ; and still the house seems to decide nothing , but rather to leave it to the consideration of his majesty . Now it appears to me to be cruel and unjust , forasmuch as it leaves the person accused in needless suspense ; and beside being unsupported by evidence , it does not even profess to ascertain the nature or the degree of guilt imputable to him ; nor , if a majority should agree to the Address , how many may do so for one reason , and how many for another , quite different , and nearly the reverse . In my mind it is also inconsistent with the dignity of parliament , because it throws upon his majesty the hard task of deciding for himself what ought to be done , instead of pursuing the enquiry to its proper determination ; and it thereby acknowledges that this house is either unable or unwilling to fulfil one of its most important duties . Disapproving , however , of this Address , as much as I do , I am by no means inclined to assert that the immoral connexion which has led to so many unhappy consequences ought to pass wholly unnoticed : on the contrary , the occasion seems to require some expression of regret that the Commander-in-Chief should have deviated so widely from those habits of domestic virtue , of which his royal parent has furnished , to the blessing of this country , so bright an example . rose , and spoke to the following effect : —Sir ; It is with great regret I rise to offer myself to your notice ; nothing but an imperious sense of duty should have induced me to occupy a moment of the time of the house , a sense of their former indulgence should prevent my trespassing upon their time.—During all the eventful period which I have sat in parliament , I never witnessed a transaction in which the interests of the coun- 45 try were more deeply concerned , nor has there been any occasion in which the country had , from one end of it to the other , felt so strongly . Upon most of the questions discussed within these walls , whether as to policy or as to the propriety or impropriety of the conduct of ministers , it was natural for gentlemen to take very different views of the question , according as they were disposed to give more or less weight to the different statements brought forward , it was impossible to be agreed upon the points which should decide their judgment ; not so in the present case , the evidence was before them , out of that we can not , nor ought to travel . The evidence was equally before the country , and every man would draw his own conclusions . It was a momentous period for the house , and much of its credit was at stake , in the way in which it should decide the question . The shutting our eyes to the disgraceful scenes which were brought before us , would not hide them from the country . We have a duty to perform , and however painful , it is impossible to shrink from it . The unanimous