? No.—Relate 'the rest . The Duke said , 'Master French `` must mind what he is about , or I shall `` cut up him and his levy too . `` —I do not think there is enough of imputation on Miss Taylor 's evidence to warrant me in believing that the whole of this conversation is fabricated . There is other testimony which satisfies me that Mrs. C , did apply to the D. of Y. upon the subject of col. French 's Levy . I believe that a conversation to some such effect did pass . Suppose it passed in the very words here stated : the Duke 's words were ' I am con- 'tinually worried by col. French , he worries me continually about the levy business , how does he behave to you , Darling ? ' What is the natural import of these words ; why merely this , does he plague you as he plagues me ? I admit that Miss Taylor certainly means to give a different sense to this.—But though I do believe that a conversation to some such effect did 295 pass , yet there is in my mind enough of imputation upon Miss Taylor 's testimony to satisfy me that she did , at the suggestion of Mrs. C. endeavour to give a false colour to this conversation . Now , in order to try whether I do justice to Miss Taylor in the respect , let us see what she said upon her last examination . She is asked : 'After an interval of four years you recollect a particular expression without any inter- vening circumstance ever having happen- ed to call it to your remembrance ? O yes , I have thought of it since , though I have not mentioned it.—You had never mentioned it to any body before you mentioned it to Mrs. C. three weeks ago ? I believe not.—What brought it into your thoughts so now and then ? The curiosity that I mentioned before respecting a man I was not allowed to see.—Can you recollect what passed with Mrs. C. three weeks ago upon the occasion of this conversation ? No , na thing.—Not one expression or circum- stance that passed three weeks ago with , Mrs. C. ? No , I do not recollect any.—'Is your memory so defective as to have forgotten all that passed in the conversation three weeks ago with Mrs. C. That is very possible , for it did not interest me at all.—Where was it that Mrs. C. brought to your recollection or enquired about col. French ? At her house in Westbourne place.—Was it at that time proposed to bring the subject for ward in an inquiry ? I do not know . about that.—Was any body present when this passed between Mrs. C. and you ? I believe not.—Have you forgotten that too ? Yes.—Now , Sir , is it credible that Miss Taylor could have forgotten every , circumstance of a conversation which passed with Mrs. C. only three weeks before , not upon a common occurence , but upon so remarkable a fact as the D. of Y . 's declaration respecting col. French ? —If this be not credible , then Miss Taylor wilfully suppresses the circum stances of this conversation ; and must wilfully suppress them , because they would affect the credit of her testimony . It is next reasoned upon as a remarkable presumption in favour of Mrs. C 's evidence , that her traffic did not begin till she lived in Gloucester-place- It is said , that the ex-pence of the establishment in Gloucester-place made the traffic necessary ; and , therefore it is that a coincidence is formed between the commencement of the ex-pence and the manner of supporting it . 296 Now , sir , what I believe and charge against Mrs. C. is , that she professed to have an influence which she did not possess ; and that the credit of that influence was the capital with which she traded as an army broker . But she could never have this credit