, to go as much into detail on the main subject as he thought proper . With respect to the motion of the noble lord , it must meet with his support . Let the house consider the object of that motion in the first instance . It was not for the purpose of procuring a full attendance in the discussion , so much as on the division . He was prepared to agree to the observation of the hon . baronet , of the inconvenience likely to result to the health , and even life , of members , from the prolonged debates that so closely followed each other . Should circumstances demand a continuation of discussion for the whole of this week , the evil would be very serious . In that case , it would perhaps be advisable to make a break ; and if the discussion should not be completed on to-morrow night , to adjourn over Wednesday , in order to give a pause to the members , and to enable them to return with recruited faculties of body and mind to the discussion and ultimate decision of this most important proceeding.—The motion was then agreed to . rose , and produced a Letter which he had received from an honourable officer ( capt . Spedding } , to whose character he bore the highest testimony . With the permission of the house he would read this Letter . The hon . member was proceeding to read capt . Spedding 's letter , when he was interrupted by who observed , that it had already been decided in the course of this proceeding , that to read a letter in the way intended by the hon . gent , was disorderly . observed , that unquestionably no letter of the sort alluded to could be read , except by the indulgence of the house . stated , that the object of the letter was to declare , that capt . Spedding knew not any thing of the transactions imputed to him , and that if any such had occurred , they were attributable to his agent , and not to himself . That capt . Spedding was one of the last men who would be guilty of an action in the least degree dishonourable he was perfectly persuaded , and he appealed to his hon . colleague for his opinion on the subject . declared the high estimation in which he held capt . Spedding 's character . The Order of the Day was then read ; and the Speaker having explained the state of the question , the debate proceeded . observed , That he rose to oppose the address proposed by the hon . gent , opposite ( Mr. Bankes ) , who had declared , that although no charge of corruption had been established against h. r. h. the D of Y. , yet that the house had been just put in possession of facts sufficient to induce them to believe , that h. r. h. must have entertained a suspicion of the abuses that existed ; and consequently that it was their duty to agree to a proposition , the tendency of which was , to deprive him of the command of the army . In delivering his sentiments on this subject , he felt his task considerably lightened by the conviction , that a great majority of that house were persuaded that no reliance whatever was to be placed on the testimony of Mrs. C.— ( A cry of no , no ! and hear , hear ! ) — At least , such was his understanding of the opinion of the greater part of those whom he had the honour to address . If it were not so , if the testimony of Mrs. C. was to 361 be credited , there could be no question but that h. r. h. must be immediately condemned ; but he was firmly of opinion , that in the most material parts of her evidence , Mrs. C. was disbelieved by a great majority of that house ; and under such circumstances