the general feelings of the house , that it is unnecessary to refer to the subject . I must say , however , that I am far from being persuaded that h. r. h. did know that the Samuel Carter , whom he promoted , was the person he had seen behind the chair of Mrs. C. ; that he had this knowledge , vests upon Mrs. C. 's testimony alone . Now to try this by the probability of the thing , it must be assumed that Mrs. C , when she recommended Samuel Carter , desired to succeed in her recommendation , that she could , therefore , have the address to keep back any circumstance that was in its nature an obstacle to his promotion . It could not escape her , that it must be an obstacle to his promotion that he had served behind her chair . I think it highly probable , therefore , that she did , in fact , conceal this circumstance from the D. of Y.—Sir , it is upon these considerations and from that view of the case which was taken by the right hon . gent . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , in as powerful and impressive a speech as ever was delivered in this house , that I can not concur in any proposition which does not amount to a full and absolute acquittal of h. r. h. of all corruption and of all connivance in 298 the corrupt practices of Mrs. C. Upon another point , however , I can not bring myself to concur with that right hon . gent . or with any other gent . who has yet spoken . If the D. of Y. be innocent of all corruption and corrupt connivance , I can not feel the propriety of any parliamentary interference by resolution or address , either for the purpose of deprecating the immoral connection which has been discovered , or for the removal of h. r. h. from his situation as Commander in Chief . I lament as much as any man can do that this immoral connection ever should have existed . I lament the public scandal which the exposure of it has occasioned ; but I can not think that we are to sit here to pass resolutions of moral censure . But as we can have nothing to do with this connection , unless it shall appear to have affected the official conduct of h. r. h , no gentleman will , I think , state as an abstract principle , that no person can be fit for the office of Commander in Chief , who , in any instance of official patronage , lends himself to such an influence as Mrs . C. 's . ; No gentleman will , I think , contend , that if a Commander in Chief for 16 years discharged the duty of his high office with unprecedented advantage to the public , that he ought to be removed because he , in one instance , listened to the recommendation of such a person as Mrs. C. ; and , upon that recommendation , promoted a most meritorious officer . It is obvious , therefore , that the question as to the effect of such a connection upon official situation , is a question of extent and quality ; of extent , as it regards the number of persons promoted by it ; of quality , as it regards the fitness or aptness of the persons promoted . Is it possible , therefore , that those who think the D. of Y. innocent of all corrupt motive , can consider that he ought to be removed from his office , because they may believe upon the evidence , that , in three or four instances , he listened to the applications of Mrs. C. in favour of persons who had just claims to promotion . —I have but one word more to add . Almost every gentleman , who has spoken in favour of the address , has exhorted the house to do its duty to the public . I