at once ; but the house must recollect , that there were some cases which she did not mention : that others had resulted out of the inspection of the papers , and one case had been produced by accident . However , the contents of all the documents , as well of those found in Sandon 's bureau , of whose existence she was ignorant , as of those which she knew to be in the possession of Mr. Nichols , corroborated her testimony . She had , unquestionably , felt resentment against the D. of Y. and came to the Bar , knowing that she laboured under the disadvantage of being supposed to be influenced by it . There was not however , any thing in the evidence to shew that this charge had been brought forward in consequence of that resentment . For his own part he could not bring himself to reject her evidence , even upon points not corroborated by other circumstances . When first his attention was directed to some parts of the conduct imputed to the Commander in Chief , he hesitated long before he could give credit to them . It did however , now appear to him , that , from what they had learned on other points , not immediately connected with military transactions , there was a very good ground for believing . It was with regret that he was compelled to mention them ; they had indeed been already submitted to this house by the noble lord ( Folkestone ) under the gallery , with that degree of talent which all must admire , particularly when united to that pure and unadulterated honesty which so strongly marked the public life of that distinguished nobleman ( Hear ! hear ! hear ! ) . There were two points particularly so irresistibly strong in the evidence as to render it impossible for him to say , that there 410 was no ground of charge against the D. of Y . One of these points was the evidence of Miss Taylor ; the other was the Note respecting Major Tonyn . The evidence of Miss Taylor had been much objected to ; but during the whole of the examination , he had not perceived any thing that could invalidate her testimony . The circumstance of her having had children intrusted to her care was in favour of her credibility . At least , it was an evidence of good conduct and general reputation , and amounted to a testimony of so many persons as confided their children to her care , in favour of her credibility . What had since happened as stated by the noble lord ( Folkestone ) in the removal of these children , was an additional evidence to her credit , by shewing that she had been confided in . She had had no interest in giving false testimony . He could not imagine what interest she could have to give false evidence against the D. of Y . Her connection by alliance with Mrs. C. was not strong enough to induce her to such conduct . What interest , then , could influence a young person at the bar to give such false testimony , except they were to imagine she had been bribed , and was a suborned witness ? Would any court of justice say under such circumstances , that she was so hardened in guilt , and so steeled against remorse , as to conduct herself in such a manner ? and was it to be supposed that before the assembled representatives of the nation she had , or would have , borne false testimony against the son of the King ? It was really impossible that she could have been guilty of such enormity . If credit then was to be given to her testimony , the house would observe what would be the consequence . Miss Taylor had stated that she heard the D. of Y. ask Mrs. C. at the time he remarked that col. French was teazing him , `` How does he behave to you , darling ?