character of an accomplice , or of a prostitute , that , in my judgment , necessarily renders her incredible , but the course of prostitution in which she has lately lived , must inevitably tend to loosen every sense of moral duty , and the practices she has been engaged in , receiving money for promotions in which , in some instances at least , it is demonstrably proved she had no concern , representing her influence upon the Duke of York much greater than it was whilst she had any , and pretending to have a great influence on the Duke of Portland , as well as on his royal highness , when it was clear she had not the least interest with either , and this confessed by herself , without the least symptom of contrition or of shame , exhibit a species of swindling , and a systematic course of imposition , of which the very basis is artifice and falsehood.—This is the gene- 554 ral character she appears in . Then , as a witness against the Duke of York , is to be added , the character of a discarded mistress , with revenge rankling in her heart at supposed ill usage , as proved by colonel Macmahon , having threatened repeatedly to expose him , if her terms were not complied with , as appears in her letters to Mr. Adam and also in her declarations to Mr. Knight a very short time ago , and then positively denying that she had ever said so , though of the veracity of Mr. Knight there can be no doubt . With such objections to the credit of a witness , if you were to stop here , if such a witness were not confirmed by other testimony , there is not a judge in any court , of justice , who would not close his book and say , No jury can safely rely upon evidence like this.—But , does she redeem her credit by her subsequent testimony and conduct ? To omit all the observations to her discredit arising from her demeanor so palpable to every body , her denial upon the first day 's examination , of her having seen Mr. Wardle the very day before , though she had seen him in a particular manner at three distinct periods of that day , twice for a considerable time together , is so manifest a falshood , that had she given the same evidence upon oath in a court of justice , she would probably have been instantly committed for wilful and corrupt perjury ; if a prosecution had been carried on , she must infallibly have been convicted , and the pillory would probably have been the result of that conviction . And , this is the person of whom the noble lord ( Folkestone ) has said , in which he has been followed by the hon . baronet , ( sir Francis Burdett ) he thinks her one of the fairest witnesses he ever saw in a court of justice ! In so late a stage of the debate . I will allude only to the cases wherein she positively states , she has obtained promotion from the Duke , and received money for it with his knowledge , the utter impossibility of which has been so distincly ascertained—and would refer only to the endless variety of contradictions to her testimony , both by herself and others , that have been so fully detailed by others ; but it is necessary to notice the very extraordinary observation upon the effect of those contradictions made a night or two ago by my hon . and learned friend the late Solicitor General , whom I understand to say , that these contradictions ought not to have the same weight as if they bad been on oath . I have not observed , that the 555 same remark was made upon the criminating evidence ; and yet if it is to weaken the effect of one , is it not to weaken the effect also of the other , exactly in the