they might—have refused that permission . To 610 have asked it would at least have been to give up the opportunity which he wished to seize , and to put himself wholly into their bands . Now I will ask any reasonable and candid man , if the Duke of York had done this , and if the House of Lords had prohibited his attendance , would not tin 's very proceeding have been turned against him ? With what taunting acrimony would it not have been said , `` Why did he go to his peers with a whining story ? We all know how jealous their noble natures are of the privileges of their own house , much more of the `` honour of a prince ; '' and well must his royal highness have known that they would never suffer his personal appearance at the bar of the House of Commons . If he had any thing to say to the house , why did he not say it in a way that could not have been forbidden or intercepted by the caprice or pride of the house of lords ? Could he not have addressed a letter to you , Sir , which would have answered every purpose , and been liable to no objection from the peers ? `` —Such would have been the language , if his royal highness had adopted the course of personal appearance . This difficulty it is probable that his royal highness foresaw . He therefore endeavoured to avoid it . He escaped from the possible objection of the house of lords , by addressing a letter to the house of commons : — and we see how that expedient is now turned against him . At all events , if it be an offence—if there be any thing disrespectful to you , Sir , or to the house , ( and I protest I can see nothing , I have heard nothing , that is so ) —if there be any thing inconsistent with the spirit of the constitution , ( and if there is any such thing , I have not even heard it surmised ) ; I should think , that to a man in his royal highness 's situation some allowance might have been made ; some venial error in judgment might have been overlooked . In all other courts , in all the tribunals of this country , in those of every country upon earth , such allowance would be made . Is it reserved for the stern justice of the house of commons to make a mere informality in the plea of innocence fatal even to innocence itself ; —to ground on that error alone , ( if error it were , ) condemnation without trial , and punishment without proof and without mitigation . At this late period of the debate , and in the exhausted state of the house , and of the topics belonging to this subject , it is a great relief to me , and it will , I have no doubt , be felt so by the house , that I do not find 611 myself called upon to go into any examination of the detail of the evidence which is accumulated upon your table . That has already been done , with distinguished ability , by many who have preceded me ; and as my opinion concurs , in general , —indeed in almost all material points , with the exception only of one , ( which I shall take occasion to particularize , ) —with that of my right hon . friend , ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer , ) I do not think it necessary for me to add any thing to what has been so fully and so ably stated by him upon that part of the subject . Upon the view of the evidence suggested by the speech of my right hon . friend , what appears most incontrovertible and most important is this ; The only link that connects the foul transactions which have been developed to the house with his