amounted only to about 150l . He did not mean to impute any intentional harshness in the cross-examination , neither to the learned gent . ( the attorney general ) nor to the right hon . gent , the Chancellor of the Exchequer ; without having any personal acquaintance with that right hon . gent , he was perfectly convinced , that he would be one of the last men in the house to be guilty of such harshness intentionally ( hear , hear ! ) . He did not mean to say , that such a course of examination might not have been necessary , and he was sure that the right hon . gent , would not have resorted to it , if he had not thought it necessary ; but he could not give the same measure of praise to others . If there was in that house a member who had gone about in all directions to find out evidence , to impeach Miss Taylor—if having every previous opportunity of examining in private the witnesses he meant to bring forward , he yet chose to bring forward at random those charges against her which made a cross-examination necessary , which was so useless to the main point at issue , but so painful to the feelings of the witness , he would say , that to the want of care and want of candour of that hon . member , this cruelty was to be imputed . If Miss Taylor was not now to be considered a credible witness , she must be considered in the same light on every other occasion , as the same reason must always subsist , namely , that her parents were poor , and that Mrs. Clarke was her sister-in-law.—As to the contradictions of witnesses at the bar , he really was not surprised if Mrs. Clarke had fallen into some contradictions ; but he was really surprised that she had not fallen into more . When a woman was placed at the bar , surrounded by gentlemen whom she had never seen before , examined in an irregular manner , and for such a length of time that she was ready to drop from fa- 311 tigue , it was really wonderful that she had tailed into so few contradictions . The noble lord next claimed the indulgence of the house in expressing an opinion very different from what had been generally given with respect to the evidence of colonel Gordon . Most gentlemen who had spoken , appeared to admire his wonderful memory and accuracy of statement . He considered his statement in a very different light . In the first place , he thought that col. Gordon , when at the bar , exhibited a flippancy , a superiority of manner , and a dictatorial way of giving opinions to the house , which were by no means proper for a witness at their bar . He could have hardly assumed a more dictatorial manner if he had really been Commander in Chief , as his evidence went near to establish . It had been imputed to Mr. Dowler as a great fault , not that he stated what was false , but that he concealed the truth . Now , it appeared to him , that this charge seemed to apply more strongly to the testimony of col. Gordon . On the first day he was examined , he did not say a word about the pencil-marks which had been written on the official document respecting the exchange of colonels Knight and Brooke . This most important fact was only discovered accidentally , when he was ordered several nights after to produce other documents . Colonel Gordon , at the early part of his examination , declared that it was an invariable rule that inferior officers could never rise above their superiors in the same regiment . It afterwards however turned out , that this invariable rule had been oftentimes broken . Col. Gordon had said , that he never knew an instance of a person being promoted to the rank of Captain without service ,