of . If this be the excuse of general Clavering , he is doubly convicted of prevarication , and has aggravated his offence . I am very sorry to say , Sir , that general Clavering has been particularly unfortunate in his advisers ; but I am not at liberty to mention names in this house , and therefore I shall say no more on that point . I will not enter into the assertions of general Clavering , or the contradiction of Mr. Lowten ; but I do say , that there never was a case of more willing , more wanton , and more foolish prevarication than this . An hon . gentleman on the other side of the house , has made a very nice distinction between contradiction and prevarication , which , he says , have been mistaken as conveying the same meaning , though the meaning of those words is , in his opinion , very distinct ; and he has proceeded to inform us , that on a strict examination of the Journals of this House , he has not found a single instance of a witness being committed for contradiction ; although , for prevarication , the instances of commitment are very numerous ; and he has warned the house to pause before they adopt a measure for which there is no precedent . Now , Sir , to my understanding , this argument is exactly of the same nature with what is called a quibble . When we speak of the long speeches and subtle distinctions of the lawyers , from whom on the other side of the house , I must say we have had some very long speeches , which it has been my misfortune not to understand , the hon . 791 gentleman 's argument is this ; general Clavering did not prevaricate , he did not give a doubtful testsmony , he directly contradicted himself , there was complete falsification , but for this the house ought not to punish , there is no precedent ; he might have been punished for a minor offence , but the house never having committed for the greater offence , that ought to pass with impunity . Why , Sir , this reminds me of the extraordinary case under what is known by the name of the Coventry Act , where a man being indicted for an intention to maim and disfigure , offered us his defence that his intention was not to maim or disfigure , but to kill , to murder . This , Sir , was in my opinion , with all due deference to lawyers , a prevarication as cross as any with which common sense could possibly be insulted . All this difference between contradiction and prevarication , or shuffling , as it has been called , is quite above my comprehension . Ail that I know is that we have had false testimony given at the bar ; which , however painful it may be to the feelings of myself and the other members of this house , we must visit with punishment , or we shall fail in executing that duty which we owe to the public , and to our own characters as honest men . I really , Sir , am greatly concerned at being under the necessity of thus stating sentiments which appear to bear hard upon general Clavering ; but it is unavoidable . If any thing can possibly be offered in his favour , I am most ready to hear it ; but I have heard no reason assigned for postponing the consideration of his case to which we ought to listen . Justice can not be done , if it be postponed without a very sufficient cause , and no such cause has been shewn . The hon . mover of this question has postponed it from time to time ; he has yielded to the wishes of the house ; but the time is arrived when we must come to a decision . A great deal has been said about the law of evidence , which '