which was given in her examination . It was on Thursday , the 9th of February . The question is material , it is this : `` You stated , on the first day of your examination , that a bill of 200 , which you received from Mr. Knight , was sent from your house to be changed by a servant of the D. of Y. ; how do you know it was taken by a servant of h. r. h. and not one of your own servants . '' Now mark the answer , and 333 bear in recollection , that on the first day of her examination she represented it . thus : `` My servant could not get it changed ; his servant got it changed ; h. r. h. got change for it ; it was for me he got it changed . '' These are the answers she makes on the first day . But now in her fifth account , in answer to the question of `` how do you know it was taken by a servant of the Duke , and not one of your own , '' she says , `` I believe that I did not state that it was h. r. h. 's servant who took it , but that h. r. h. had something to do with changing that note . '' Can there be a more palpable direct deviation from her original accounts given on the first day , from the impression attempted to be made by her testimony on the first day , and that which she now states ? She now wishes to have it believed that h. r. h. had only something to do with it , whereas before h. r. h. got change for it ; she now believes that she did not state that it was h. r. h. 's servant who took it , whereas before she stated , and the whole import of the evidence rests on it , that it was his servant who took it to be changed ; and she even assigned as a reason for his servant having taken it , that her servants could not get change for it . Can any thing be more decisive than this as to the credit of this witness ? — Can any thing establish more conclusively that the evidence of confirmation set up to support her testimony in this case falls from under her , and that it rests upon her own incredible declarations only , that all her transactions in these matters were made known to the Duke . But when it is discovered that there is a direct motive for this change of story , and for this contradiction in her evidence , when it shall , as it does , appear from what follows , that there is a motive for this change , the strength of the observation against her testimony is greatly increased . When she gave evidence to this point on the 9th of February , she had learnt that her story would not be confirmed by the testimony of her butler , Pierson ; she had seen , that witness on the Saturday , or the Monday , after her first examination , and had got an account from him that he was the person who had gone to change the note ; that the Duke , according to Mr. C. 's account of Pierson 's story , desired him , Pierson , to go to Stephen 's , in Bond-street , his wine-merchant , to get the change . It became necessary that her evidence should be made to fall in with his account , and 334 accordingly she says , that she `` believes she did not slate that it was h. r. h. 's servant who took it , but that h. r. h. had something to do with it ; '' an account which coincides with what she says she had learnt from Pierson , but directly contradicts what she herself had before said , to render the transaction respecting the change of the note confirmatory of