this woman altogether ? She affirms corrupt knowledge and participation to the fullest extent . Believing this , you can not refuse to bring the Duke of York to trial . Do you not believe her ? Say so ; say so by your vote ; by a recorded sentence . Are you in doubt ? Do you find it difficult to determine bow much to believe ? how much to reject ? That is precisely the case for further inquiry . `` To be once in doubt is to be once resolved . '' Institute such inquiry as shall convert your doubts into certainties ; and probe the matter to the bottom . The evidence of Mrs. Clarke is true , or it is false , or it is partly false and partly true . Are there no means of sifting such evidence ? Are there no sanctions , sacred in the eves of God and man , by which truth and false-hood can be discriminated ? Have those sanctions been applied to this testimony ? They have not . Dave you the power of applying them ? Not of yourselves , but by reference to another tribunal . Can any honest man doubt , then , that such ought to be our course , rather ( ban to confound the false and the true in a compromise of injustice , and to come to a conclusion which may be wrong either way , but can by no possibility be right ? But if the proof is deficient , what is the preemption of guilt in his royal highness 616 the Duke of York ? Your Address affirms `` that there were corrupt practices with respect to promotions , & c. in the army . '' It does not affirm that the Duke of York was cognizant of them : but it more than insinuates that he was , that be must have been so . What is the ground of this insinuation ? These corrupt practices were carried on by a firm consisting of the Duke of York , Mrs. Clarke , col. Sandon , Mr. Donovan , and so forth . In 1806 this partnership is dissolved . The Duke of York goes one way ; Mrs. Clarke and her associates the other . Are the practices continued after this separation ? Yes . Br whom ? By Mrs. Clarke and capt . Sandon . And yet you prosecute—whom ? The Duke of York . You never hear of the Duke of York 's mal-practices , except ill connection with Mrs. Clarke 's name ; of Mrs. Clarke there are abundant malpractices , wholly unconnected with the name of his royal highness : and yet you think it just to punish in him , not in her , the guilt of that which you do not even show him to have known . But my hon . friend ( Mr. Wilberforce ) has told us that Dowler 's case is a clear case ; that it is clear this man did receive his appointment through the Duke of York 's influence : and he gives a curious reason for this assertion . My hon . friend is , and wishes to be , distinguished , in the House and out of it , for his peculiar freedom from prejudices : but however uninfluenced by those prejudices himself , he does not conclude as charitably of others . `` It is impossible , '' he says , `` that Dowler should have been appointed by any other person than the Duke of York , because the other person to whom his appointment is attempted to be attributed , Mr. Commissary Brook Watson , differed from Mr. Dowler 's father in politics ! '' The political differences of Mr. Commissary Watson and Mr. Deputy Dowler ! Why , sir , what an opinion does my hon . friend form of mankind ! When from those lofty heights , from that clear and serene atmosphere of philosophical indifference from which my hon . friend looks down upon the cares and the turmoils , the broils and the controversies , of