a juror upon his oath , totally divested of all party feelings or prejudice whatever . As to the argument , that if the Duke of York was convicted upon this occasion , the house would be setting a dangerous example for pulling down great men , he must answer , that as a member of the parliament of the British Empire , he knew nothing of great men , or of little men ; he must do his duty to the people by declaring what in his conscience he believed to be true , without any regard to what the effect might be on any great man or men . He was not to be deterred from doing his duty from general observations that he was disgracing the illustrious House of Brunswick . He was ready to shed the last drop of his blood in support of the House of Brunswick in a good cause , but he must not be terrified by names . He was determined to support the throne of this realm , and he knew of no better way of supporting the throne than by censuring those whose misconduct abused the confidence put in them by the Sovereign upon that throne . Nor was he to be told that the people wished to pull down princes , because they were princes ; the people wished to make princes behave as princes ought to behave . In that the people were right , and their demands as to the Duke of York were just . He must say that , taking the whole of the proceedings of the house of commons upon this subject into his consideration , there was a perfect conviction in his mind , that the Duke of York was privy to what was passing with Mrs. Clarke on the subject of military and other promotions , in which she used her influence with his royal highness , and that not in one instance or two , but that he was privy to the whole of it . The words of the Resolution of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , That after examining the evidence there was no ground for the house to charge his royal highness with 'personal corruption or any 'criminal connivance , ' he could by no means assent to , because he felt that the assertion was not true ; and as a public character he must say 685 that he thought the Duke of York ought to be dismissed from the office of Commander m Chief . in allusion to the manner in which the Resolution was worded , stated it as his opinion that without some explanation , it might go forth to the public as conveying an insiduous censure upon the hon . gentleman who brought forward these charges against the Commander in Chief ; and he therefore conceived it right to require a distinct avowal , from the Chancellor of the Exchequer upon that point . For , although inclined to vote for the Resolution , on account of the doubtful nature of many parts of the testimony , yet he would maintain , that sufficient matter existed on the face of the evidence to justify the bringing forward these charges ; and it was his decided conviction , that in so doing the hon . gentleman had only done his duty by the house and by the country . observed , that he had altered the Resolution now before the house , for the purpose of meeting the ideas of some of his hon . friends , who were desirous to avoid any words which might tend to cast any reflection on the hon . gentleman who originally instituted this Inquiry ; but after the present Resolution should be carried , if carried , there was nothing to hinder the house from coming to any Resolution it might think proper , declarative of its disapprobation of the influence of Mrs. Clarke with the Commander in Chief . should not vote for the Amendment of the hon . bart . as he was not prepared to go the length of stating , that there were