bar . Sir , I can distinctly state for myself , because I am sure I stated it on the first night on which the bon . gentleman opened his proceeding , that I was for examination at the bar , because I thought it would lead , and ought to lead , to an impeachment , in the event of impeachable matter being discovered . But if you had told me that you would content yourselves with such evidence as this , the sweepings of the streets and the stews , and that upon such evidence , unsifted and unsanctioned , you would propose , at once , a summary proceeding ; most undoubtedly I should have `` been the first to object to an examination at the bar , instead of being one of the first to recommend it . I considered the house as sitting in its inquisitorial capacity , and looked , without jealousy or apprehension , on its exercise of that capacity in its widest extent , because I looked to subsequent investigation of the evidence by more formal and strict jurisdiction : but I did not think that by restoring you , Sir , to the chair , we should at once become Judges instead of jurymen , and proceed to sentence without further trial . Even now I do not repent of the proceeding , because whatever the determination 630 of the house of commons shall be , it will evince , I am sure , an upright intention . But equally sure am I , that such decision can be but one of two : either to dismiss the charge ( the criminal charge , I mean ) against the Duke of York ; that is , not to find the bill ; or if there be ground for criminally accusing him , to carry up that accusation to another tribunal , where it may be heard without prejudice , under the sanction of law , and with all the forms as well as the substance of justice ; where that which is false , in the testimony which we have heard , may be effectually separated from that which is true . The proceeding by Resolution is that which has been adopted in almost all instances , in good limes , from that of the Duke of Marlborough down to the last instance , in the case of Lord Melville . Of Addresses , not either preceded by some examination where the evidence was taken on oath , or not founded on previous Resolution , I have not found approved instances . I have found instances enough to show that the other is the approved parliamentary practice . Why then should we depart from it on the present occasion ? Why are we to do this I Because , forsooth , there is a public expectation awakened of some immediate and sweeping act of wrath and vengeance on the part of the house of commons ; and in your eagerness to gratify that expectation , you must refuse to listen to the voice of justice and reason , and to follow the recorded practice of good times ! I would fain persuade you to adhere to sound precedent . But according to some doctrines of this day , you must shut your ears to every thing that I , or any one in my situation , can say to you . For we have heard from an hon . baronet , ( sir Francis Burdett ) , whose usual practice it is to impute to persons in office all sorts of corruption and incapacity ; but we have beard it not from him only ; he has been followed by one of the greatest landed proprietors among us , ( Mr. Coke ) , a gentleman who seems to think that he derives from his landed property a degree of authority which property alone , however great , can not confer , —that what comes from any man in office , on this or any other subject , is not to be attended to ; that it is worth nothing .