the time . Had they any children ? Not less than three . 79 `` Were those children born during the time he was carrying on the business of a stone-mason ? Some of them were . Where did Mr. C. live at the time you are speaking of ? The first part of the time he lived in chambers at Hoxton— then he was not in business as a stonemason . Was Mrs. C. with him at that period ? She certainly was . How long did they live there ? As I did not visit them , I can not speak positively —I know it was net less than one year , and I should imagine not more than two . Where did they live afterwards ? I do n't know of their living any where else , till they went to live in Golden-Lane , where he carried on the business of a mason . When was this ? V— He commenced there somewhere about 1794- , and he lived there about three or four years . Had Mr. C. a stone-mason 's yard there ? `` — He had . At the first place he lived at ? In Charles-Square , Hoxton , he lived on his fortune—he had no business ? Did you visit at his house ? I never did visit him at any time where ever he lived . Did you know Mrs. C. by sight ? Yes , I did . Did you know when Mrs. C. parted from her husband ? No , indeed , I did not . You have no guess when she parted from her husband ? No further than it was after they quitted Golden-Lane , I understood . Do you recollect who told you so ? No ; public report . You know nothing about the matter , of your own knowledge ? I do not . Where do you yourself live ? In Charter-House-Square . Now , does the hon . gent , mean to say , that is not a positive and direct contradiction of Mrs. C. ? The witness knows that she had two or three children . It matters not whose children they were : They were born of her to Mr. C , while they were living in Golden-Lane , where he was at the time carrying on the business of a stone-mason . And yet she positively states , that he never carried on any business . Now , sir , is not this a most palpable contradiction of evidence ? It may be said , perhaps , that the fact was not material , and that the witness did not consider herself bound to be very exact in her evidence upon such a point . The witness probably was taken by surprise , by a question to this fact , which in her own judgment was not material ; she had therefore probably not framed her mind to these questions ; but , suspecting that 80 they were put to elicit something from her evidence , of the effect of which she was not aware , and which she did not wish to have disclosed , she met it by a denial of the fact.—But , if upon a point on which a witness has not prepared herself , though it may perhaps be thought of no great importance , you perceive the witness answering contrary to the truth , —what reliance can you have , that she will be more scrupulous , in her answers , upon points which are important ; or , that you will have a better security of hearing the truth from her , in matters on which she must come prepared for the questions , and determined as to the story she is to tell ? Another occasion on which Mrs. Clarke is positively contradicted , is , in that part of her evidence where she denies ever having gone by the name of Mrs. Dowler . Upon this point she is contradicted by her . Hampstead landlord , Mr. Nicholls , and more particlarly by Mr. Reid . All the circumstances of