were reprieved , he represented , that they owed their escape to his interposition , and he retained the reward of his pretended services : to those who were left for execution he returned their money , that he might secure his own credit for future occasions of fraud . Very like this has been the conduct of Mrs. C : she sees how the current of military promotions runs on : she discovers who is likely to succeed ; she promises that influence which she does not possess , to these whom she has reason to believe will obtain their object by other means : she imposes upon their credulity , by persuading them that she exerts a secret influence in their favour . If the appointment takes place , well and good , she gets her reward : if it fails , she is but where she was , and only regrets 264 that her pretended application has been unsuccessful . Now this , I verily believe , has been the course of her practice , and I am satisfied that there is no more ground for criminating the D. of Y. , on account of the bribes thus artfully obtained by her , than for charging the Secretary of state with corruption on account of those reprieves , upon the expectation of which the debtor in Newgate levied his contributions upon the convicts . If then these abuses originated with Mrs. C , were practised secretly by her for her own benefit , and ceased when her connexion with the Duke was broken off ; if from the time when h. r. h. entered upon the duties of his office his constant labours have been exerted in endeavouring to repress abuses of this sort , many of which he soon discovered highly detrimental to the service : if for the purpose of correcting them he established regulations of the most wise and salutary description : if those salutary regulations established by him have been , and continue to be , uniformly and rigorously enforced , do I endanger the credit or honour of the army by proposing to this house a resolution short of that which must necessarily remove him from his office ? I think not . The abuses which are complained of , disgraceful as they were to the parties concerned in them , had produced no practical mischief in the army ; for three years they have ceased to exist , and there is no danger of their recurring . Does any man suppose that h. r. h. is not fully sensible of the extreme peril to which his character has been exposed by this unhappy connexion , or that the circumstances attending this enquiry have not made an indelible impression on his mind ? Can any one imagine that being acquitted of all that is base in these charges , and temperately but firmly reproved for what we may still think reprehensible in his conduct , he will not return more cautious and vigilant than ever to the duties of his office ? Experience has taught him , that the indulgence of a vicious passion may lead to disgrace without guilt ; and I am satisfied that he will hereafter guard himself carefully against that temptation by which he has so severely suffered . For these reasons I shall support the amendment which was proposed by my right hon . friend . I join in acquitting h. r. h. of corruption , because I think there is no credible evidence in the case which fixes upon him a knowledge of Mrs. C. 's practices ; and with respect to what remains 265 of blame in his conduct , I think it not of so grave a nature as to call for his removal from an office which he has hitherto filled with so much benefit to the public service . rose , amidst the repeated cries of Adjourn ' . adjourn ! He said it was not his intention to intrude himself upon the notice of the house , at that late hour , but as he meant to move an Amendment upon