; but abuses were of quite a different nature from neglect . It was not right , he said , that their opinions should go forth in so ambiguous a manner . The house should come to a decision on some one particular point . An hon . and learned judge , early in the debate , had insisted much on legal precedents and jury cases . He would feel inclined to try the case on a legal principle , and if he could not clearly connect the crime with the accused person , he would disregard the entire case . The hon . bart . then proceeded to say , that he should be very brief in the few comments on the evidence of the different persons examined . He hoped the house was tired of the eternal repetition of the name of Mrs. Clarke , and he could assure them that he was so . He had one observation , however , to make on the Letter shewn to major Tonyn , and which purported to be from the Duke of York . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , when he first brought it under the consideration of the house , had said , that if the Note was in existence , and turned out to be a forgery of Mrs. Clarke 's , it would shew that her testimony was riot entitled to the smallest credit whatever ; but if , on the contrary , it proved to be the Duke of York 's hand writing , then it would form a material presumption on the other side of the question . Now , it appeared to him that there was not the smallest evidence of the forgery of the letter , and this formed a very important presumption . The hon . bart . then proceeded to make a variety of strong and pertinent observations on the case of col. French 's levy , and contended , that the mode in which it took place was highly disgraceful , and detrimental to the service . The abuses connected with that levy , and the very improper delay which took place before it was put a stop to , though so strongly denounced by general Taylor , had made a strong impression on his mind , and concurred in proving to his satisfaction that the conversation between his royal highness and Mrs. Clarke , as reported by Miss Taylor , was true . It was not 563 merely sufficient for the Duke of York to have put an end to this levy because it was unproductive , col. French ought to have been called to an account for his disgraceful conduct ; and the only reason which he could assign for his not having been brought to such account , was the undue influence which Mrs. Clarke exercised over the mind of his royal highness . As to the stigma , which had , in the course of the debate , been , in his opinion , most unfairly cast upon the legal profession , he must beg leave to say , what he was sure all the crown lawyers might with equal justice say , what Cicero had said on the trial of Verres , that he would much rather defend than accuse . Upon the whole , however , from the manner in which this discussion had gone on , from the ample and candid examination of evidence which preceded it , he deduced a consolatory reflection that whatever the decision of the house might be , which be hoped would be in concurrence , not with popular clamour , but popular feeling , the country would do justice to its representatives and repose confidence in their integrity . It had been said , that the eyes of the people were turned upon them upon this occasion . Such he thought to be always the case , but he cared not for himself , if the eyes of Argus were upon every part of his conduct . He trusted that he should continue to satisfy his constituents , and he would