would be examined , there would be an end to the credibility of human testimony : and therefore the law not only allows , but recommends and encourages cross examination , which is calculated to elicit truth , by an examination beyond that point which a witness may have fixed in his own mind for the extent of his examination . But , Sir , what shall we say to the plea of incapacity ? The incapacity of a general officer of the British army to answer the questions that were put to him in this house , and certainly without harshness or disrespect ! I would ask , Sir , if such a man is fit to have the command of men ? Is such a man fit to be entrusted with a military command at Malta ? in Ireland ? Is such a man fit to sustain a high character in the army of Great Britain ? I do think that these arguments carry with them their own refutation . With regard to the appeal to the humanity of the house , it is impossible to be silent . I trust , Sir , that no man , either in or out of this house , feels more strongly than I do for this gentleman , who has so unfortunately placed himself in the situation in which be now stands . Sir , 785 I can well conceive what must be the feelings not only of gen. Clavering , but of his whole family , which no man regrets more truly than myself . I am the last man who would harshly press a case of this nature to its fullest extent against any man : but we have here , unfortunately , no choice but that of justice , or palpable , manifest injustice . Can this house hesitate in the decision of that which must clearly stamp either our consistency or our utter and absolute inconsistency ? We are asked , will you not feel for the family of general Clavering ? Sir , I feel for the family of every man under misfortune . But has capt . Sandon no family ? Has he no wife ? No relations ? Does not the case of capt Sandon and his family , silently suffering , without one voice having been elevated in this house in their favour , speak much more loudly to our feelings than that of gen. Clavering , for whom the clemency of this house has been so pathetically implored by a host of friends and defenders ? Every mouth is dumb in respect of captain Sandon , whose name and sufferings appear to be forgotten , or absorbed in the superior consideration of the feelings of general Clavering and his family . Sir , is this consistent with justice , or even with common propriety ? We ought to reflect as seriously , and with as much consideration , upon the feelings of capt . Sandon and his family , as upon those of general Clavering . I have a very great compassion for gen. Clavering , but , `` Tender mercies may be cruel . '' To permit the offence of general Clavering to pass with impunity , would be both cruelty and injustice to the public , to whom it ought to be made evident , beyond all possibility of doubt , that this house will not fail to visit false testimony with censure , punishment and degradation , and that it will dispense equal justice , whatever be the rank , station , or connections of the offender . Truth is one of the most vital principles of society . There can be no shades of truth : testimony must be true or false ; and if we should pass over offences against truth , I know not how to estimate the extent of the evil ; for although our examinations are not accompanied with the solemnity of an oath , the man who escapes with impunity here , might , by the weakness incident to humanity , be ultimately tempted to disregard the obligation of an oath in