. I hare , besides , endeavoured to correct and confirm my own recollection , by reference to others , by reference to certain records which it would not be regular directly to name , but which I must describe , as well as I can , without naming . Suppose , sir , there were daily to be published accounts of what passes in this house , multiplied perhaps to the number of ten or a dozen , and suppose I were to find my words stated , according to my own recollection of them , in ten or eleven of those accounts , and stated , as the noble lord and those opposite recollect them , by only one of those reporters , and that one notoriously a decided enemy to me and to those with whom I act ; should I not be warranted in considering the many which agreed in confirming my own recollection , as better authority than the one which contradicted it ? Should I not be warranted in doing so , more especially if I should find , at the same time , another part of the same speech cautiously omitted in that one , and accurately detailed in almost all the others ? I refer , sir , to what I said , in the same speech , about the liberty of the press . I said , that the libels on the Duke of York had been so frequent and so flagrant , `` as almost to make good men hesitate whether the licentiousness of the press was not more mischievous than its liberty was beneficial '' . I said this , it is true ; but in the same breath I added , `` The hesitation , however , can be but for a moment : the blessings of the liberty of the press are so clear and so acknowledged , as far to outweigh the mischiefs of its abuse . The evil is transitory , but the good is immortal '' . Now , sir , if in this part of my speech also I were to find the sentiment omitted which qualifies the expression of doubt , but the doubt itself carefully recorded ; if I should find this omission in one record only , and 619 that one the same in which the other part of my speech was misrepresented ; and if I were to find both the omission and misrepresentation made in that same record the ground of invective and invidious comment : could I fail to be confirmed in my own recollection of my own words and meaning ? or could I doubt for what purpose both had been intentionally disfigured ? The noble lord ( Folkestone ) who has so loudly called upon me for retractation and apology , spoke , no doubt , on the supposition of what he conceived to be true : he will now , I hope , believe me , and correct the impression under which he spoke . The 'infamy ' , which I anticipated , was to light , where light it will , whatever be the issue of the present question , on that accursed combination whose practices we have seen developed at our bar ; a combination , of which the hon . gent , has been , I hope , the unwilling and innocent instrument ; and of which his royal highness the Duke of York has been , unhappily , both the dupe and the victim . But it is said that I gave to the hon . gentleman the odious title of 'accuser ' . And if I have so stiled him , where is the blame ? Is the title false in fact , or dishonouring in its application ? The fact is clear . The merit depends upon the motive . The noble lord , however , complains of this title , as given to his honourable friend , only perhaps because he thought it given to him exclusively . The noble lord is jealous of his share of the merit : he wishes to come into a society