another recommendation ? Why is it not enough that the party himself , who certainly had the opportunity , might avail himself of it , to remind h. r. h. of his original promise ? But his servitude is objected . It is true , that being a boy , he went once or twice behind the carriage , when the footman was out of the way ; but whether by night or by day is not ascertained . He also assisted the servants in some of the menial occupations . If this was permitted by Mrs. C , I can not commend her ; but how does it appear that any thing of the sort was known to the D. of Y. , who was not likely to see him except waiting at dinner , where no servant in livery made his appearance ; and we know that pages , and others of superior rank , wait upon princes of the blood , and I believe that some claim it even as a privilege . He wore no livery ; he received no wages ; and what was his principal occupation ? It was going to school . It was proved , in truth , that prior to this , capt . Sutton himself bestowed much pains on his education ; and let me appeal to his letters on the table , whether he appears to have been bred up as a servant , or whether they do not bear the genuine marks of a person educated to higher hopes and expectations ? When the Duke saw the appearance of this youth , that he wanted neither education nor merit , and was worthy his protection , why was not he to be placed in the army ? And I am not afraid to ask gentlemen of that honourable profession , whether many a one , of less apparent worth , has not been received into the service , and has not afterwards ranked among its greatest ornaments ? God forbid that this house should so far forget its duty as to censure the appointment of such a person to a commission in the army , or that it should carry an address to the throne against the D. of Y. , for an act proceeding from the purest motives—the dictates of humanity . I beg pardon for being longer than I intended upon these charges ; but to dismiss them , and to pass by cases which do not seem to lie within the proper limits of our enquiry , I resort now to a few observa- 42 tions arising out of the probabilities of the case in general . Notwithstanding the want of a scintilla of evidence against the D. of Y. , yet it is presumed that he was conusant of the corrupt proceedings , because by such alone Mrs. C. could have been enabled to carry on her expensive establishment . But surely it must be well known to many , that persons of high birth , and not in the habits of comparing income with expenditure , find it most difficult to render the one conformable to the other , or indeed to form any judgment upon these matters . It happens , in fact , that I remember to have been told , near forty years ago , by one of the preceptors of the D. of Y. and his royal brother , that though they were quick at learning , though it was easy to teach them Latin , or Greek , or arithmetic , they could not teach them the value of money . So impossible is it to inculcate this knowledge , without the daily and ordinary means of practical experience . Besides this , undoubtedly very large sums were supplied by the D. of Y. ; upwards of 5,000l . in notes ; and in payments to tradesmen for wine , furniture , and a variety of articles , to the amount , in the whole , of between 16 and 17,000l. , and all within the space of little more than two years . Consider , likewise ,