importance . He alluded to a part of the conduct of his majesty 's ministers , respecting the recent warfare in Spain , which was at best highly questionable , but which , in his mind , called for the most serious and early explanation , viz . the great omission of not adopting measures to secure the numerous and powerful Spanish Squadron , comprising three three-deckers , and several large ships of the line , which was stationed at Ferrol , from falling into the hands of the enemy . This he thought was a circumstance easy to have been effected , when he considered the state of circumstances for a long interval in that part of the peninsula , and the long presence of a powerful British force . He did not mean , however , that this most important object was to be effected by force , but it might have been done by means of arrangement , and in a way in which the interests of the allied nations might both have been consulted . He did not mean at present to say any thing harsh respecting the affair of Copenhagen , whatever he thought of it ; but according to the best information be could get , he had reason to think , notwithstanding the effects of that measure , that it might have been so arranged with the Spanish government , that the squadron alluded to might have been removed , by means of the British fleet , to a place of safety . Yet in all the documents he had read there was scarcely any reference to this object , which was of the most obvious importance , and . would have struck the commonest minds as an object necessary to 797 be attended to . -In two letters from the Secretary of State lately , indeed , it was referred to ; but these did not reach sir J. Moore till so late a period ( somewhat advanced in December ) that it was impossible he could think of any thing else than the preservation of his own army from destruction . This conduct demanded the most serious explanation from ministers , and in order to afford them the opportunity of vindicating themselves , and to bring the subject regularly on a future day before the house , he would move , `` That there be laid before the house Copies , or Extracts of Instructions sent out to the officers commanding the British Naval and Military Forces , relative to the securing the Spanish squadron at Ferrol from falling into the hands of the Enemy . '' said , that the topic to which the motion referred was one of equal delicacy and importance . He would not say that farther information officially might not be laid before the house on this subject , but he begged leave now to state , that his majesty 's government were by no means unmindful of that important object ; that the British admiral in command in that quarter had offered to take those ships under his protection ; but it was represented to him by the Spanish commanders , that Ferrol was sufficiently strong to be able to resist the attacks of the enemy , and that the ships in question would be of essential service in enabling them to repel such attacks . Let noble lords for a moment consider our relative situation with the Spanish nation at the time , cooperating with them as friends and allies , and say , whether the alternative of force would have been justifiable on the part of the British ? —and the more so , on an occasion in which the Spaniards thought their own best interests and immediate safety to be essentially concerned . He must add , that under the present relative circumstances of the two countries , such a discussion as the noble lord 's motion would be injurious to the public service . had heard , with considerable alarm , the statement of the noble lord . The ships had been considered as essential to the defence of the place