was withdrawing , an hon . gent . thought of inquiring how often Carter had gone behind the carriage ; and then this coachman answered `` only once or twice . '' A strange sort of footman this ; that receives no wages , wears no livery , and , in the course of twelve months ' service , goes behind the carriage once or twice ! Is it possible that he was indeed a footman ? and is it not , even admitting ( what I do not believe ) that the coachman speaks truly , an easier solution to say that this boy , then seventeen years of age , might once , in a giddy frolic , have gotten up behind the carriage ? This would satisfy the conscience of the coachman , without degrading the character of Mr. Carter . But , Sir , not to proceed further in this view , I shall , in one word , unravel the tissue of Mrs. C. 's art , and show , by one incontrovertible fact , the falsehood of this charge . Samuel Carter , she says , lived with her as footman , in Gloucester place , for many mouths prior to his getting the commission . All her servants attempted to re-echo the same story . Sir , the house will be astonished to find , that a reference to dates ( those unerring tests of truth ) absolutely contradicts this allegation . Mrs. C. , it seems ; went to Gloucester-place on the 18th of March 1804 , and Mr. Carter was gazetted an Ensign in the army on the 21st of the same month ; and on the 29th , capt . Sutton ( his friend and patron ) thanks the Duke for his attention to his protegé . This young gentleman , this most injured young gentleman , whom she states to have received his commission after having been for months her menial servant in Gloucester-place , is actually gazetted before she had been four days in that house . This charge , then , is thus totally repelled , not by inductions , not by advocatism , but by facts that no man now will be bold enough to controvert . See , then , what Mrs. C. , in her benevo- 454 lence and veracity , has done , or ( happily ) rather , attempted to do . To throw one more weight into the scale against the D. of Y. , she breaks all ties , disregards all duties ; nay , the very favours she has conferred she turns into matter of charge and proof of baseness . Having falsely represented herself as having raised Mr. Carter from the situation of a footboy to that of a gentleman , she now turns round , as it serves her present purpose , to degrade a gentleman to the level of a footboy . She had , as his letters gratefully own , assisted him with money for his outfit ; with accidentally classical malice , she had adorned the victim she meaned to sacrifice : she bad given him money , and she fancied , in her mean calculation , that she had purchased a right over his character . Let us consider , too , the actual situation of Carter , when she makes this attempt . Where now is this object of her ruinous kindness ? under a burning sun , in a distant and fatal climate , fighting the battles of the country that at this moment rings from side to side with his dishonour ! Perhaps she concluded he was dead : the chances of sickness and the sword were in her favour : at all events he was absent ; and , to add one trivial offence to the account of the Duke of York , she takes advantage of this absence , and endeavours to reduce this poor young gentleman to a situation , to which eternal absence , nay death itself , would be preferable , in the feelings of an honourable mind . The peculiar circumstances of this case