their consideration , all the improbable and inconsistent testimony which has been given by this abandoned woman , and bear steadily in mind , that discredited as she is , she ought not to be believed at all , except when she is confirmed by other evidence ; then , sir , my deliberate , my conscientious judgment assures me , that there is not a single circumstance which will be found to afford the slightest ground for charging h. r. h. either with corruption or corrupt connivance , in any of these transactions . With regard to the case first in order , I mean that of col. Knight and col. Brooke , the hon . gent . who spoke last , did wisely , in passing over this case without founding upon it any observations against h. r. h ; because it is a case which is not only not made out against the D. of Y. , but which is most strongly and conclusively made out against Mrs. C. I must request the particular attention of the house to the many important observations which this case affords , because , if I do not most grossly deceive myself , an accurate examination of it will do more to detect the infamous falsehoods of Mrs. C. 's invention against the D. Of Y , and to place the course of her 85 fraudulent transactions in its true light , than any one of the charges which have been brought before us . In the case of col. Brooke and col. Knight , it appears that the application for their exchange had been made in the usual course of office ; that Mr. Knight applied through Dr. Thynne to Mrs. C. to expedite it ; that , on the promise of her assistance , it was agreed that she should receive 200l . when the exchange should be effected ; and that she did in fact , upon its appearance in the gazette , receive 200l . from Mr. Knight . Now , Sir , as to the service which Mrs. C. rendered for this gratuity , it is quite clear , that the exchange for the furtherance of which she received that gratuity , was completed before she made any application on the subject . Her own evidence states the application to have been made to her `` two or three days before it took place , or a couple of days . '' She denies , indeed , that she told the hon . gent. , Mr. Wardle , that she applied on the Thursday , and that it was gazetted on the Saturday ; but in this she is distinctly contradicted by the hon . gent . himself , Who states his distinct recollection of the statement to him , that it was petitioned or applied for on the Thursday , and gazetted en the Saturday . Now Thursday was the 25th of July . It did appear in the gazette on Tuesday the 30th , and it is proved by col. Gordon , that the Commander in Chief approved of the exchange , and that it was submitted to his majesty , who approved of it at Weymouth , on the 26th ; that it was therefore actually determined upon before Mrs. C. pretends to have made any application on the subject . This evidence of col. Gordon is put out of all possibility pf dispute , by the production of his letter to Mr. Huskisson , dated on the 23d July , in which col. Gordon explains to Mr. Huskisson , that h. r. h. could not allow Mr. Huskisson 's brother to exchange with col. Knight , because he had already determined that the exchange should take place with col. Brooke . But to obviate this palpable demonstration of Mrs. C. 's falsehood , the hon . gent . is obliged to give up her veracity in that part of her testimony , in which she states her application to have been made only two or three days before the business was completed , although this is a point on which he recollects