defiance ; those persons wore stigmatized as puritanical reformers , and too austere censors of the public morals . Unhappily such arguments , or rather such reflections , prevailed ; and this house rejected the bill . But what will be our consistency ? How shall we be able to reconcile our then conduct , with our present , if now that we have an illustrious individual brought before us , whose offence , ( great as I may admit it to be in a moral view , ) is that which this house re- 75 fused to rank as a misdemeanour ; if now , I say , advantage is to be taken of its higher character of enormity , and is retrospectively to be punished in the case of this royal person , with a severity , and to an extent , which the deliberate judgment of this house , in its legislative capacity , refused prospectively to affix to it ! Let us at least attempt to be consistent in our conduct . Let us not put legislation and judicature so at variance . Whatever may be our desire of punishing the offence of adultery , let us not , by our sentence against an individual , mark that as a crime in him , which we have refused to declare one by our statutes . Let us not , because it occurs in the instance of a person high in rank , visit this crime with public punishment , after having , upon mature consideration , ( however erroneous and impolitic in my own opinion , ) determined that it should not exist as a public offence . If we do mean to punish it , let us at least give notice to all men of the law under which they are to live ; but , above all things , let us not so widely mistake our duty now , as to resolve , because we have failed in performing it on a former occasion , that we should , by way of atonement for our remissness as legislators , make up for it in our judicial character , and heap upon the head of this royal duke the effects of that resentment and indignation which have been excited by contemplating the excess of a crime which our mistaken lenity has increased and encouraged . Another ground , sir , on which the evidence of Mrs. Clarke is liable to the greatest suspicion , arises out of the material contradictions , and proved falsehoods with which it abounds . I shall not now enter into them all ; many of them will be more properly observed upon , in the course of my examination of the particular cases before us ; but there are some leading contradictions and falsehoods in her evidence , so obvious and palpable , that it is fit I should draw the attention of the house to them , in the first instance . One of these contradictions relates to the fact which she most positively denies , but which is incontestibly proved ; that she was desirous of keeping these proceedings a secret from the Duke of York . The fact has been established by several witnesses . In the first case , the exchange between Brooke and Knight , you will find the proof of Mrs. Clarke 's desire , to insist upon an inviolable secrecy . Dr. Thynne begins 76 by saying , `` When I first spoke to Mrs. Clarke , she seemed to suppose there were some difficulties in the way , and she spoke a good deal about secrecy , and the danger she should run if this ever transpired . '' That is the evidence of the first witness . Mr. Knight 's evidence is to the same effect , or rather is still stronger . He says , `` She did entreat me to keep it a secret , lest it should come to the Duke of York 's ears . '' He is asked , `` Was the fact which Mrs. Clarke desired should be kept secret from the Duke of York