compellable to serve out of the United Kingdom , and Islands immediately attached ; and in 32 , 'That they shall not remain embodied for more than six months after the peace : '' then he says , we have always experienced the fatal effects of disbanding corps at an apparent conclusion of war ; and then he proposes enlistment from the militia . Now , sir , let me ask any man , whether this has any relation to the letter written by the D. of Y. ? Gen. Clavering had said , that be was desirous of recruiting from the militia , and probably suggested that as the means of procuring a regiment , for which he was to give Mrs. C. 1,000l . Then Mrs. C. asks the D. of Y. , whether any new regiments are to be raised ? he informs her that no new regiments are to be raised : and then her reply to gen. Clavering must have been , for there is no possibility of accounting for gen . Covering 's letter in any other manner , that the D. of Y. does not understand his proposal ; and this answer amuses him into the belief , that the D , of Y. is really considering of his offer : he proceeds to explain his plan , upon the supposition , that the Duke requested the explanation . Again , sir , let me ask , where is this letter found ? If the D. of Y. was really desirous of information on any military plan suggested by gen. Clavering , would Mrs. C. have kept the general 's letters which detailed that information ? Would she not have forwarded gen. Clavering 's letter to h. r. h. ? And would it not , therefore , have been with h. r. h. ? And yet this letter , as well as the letter from Mr. Elderton , is found with Mrs. C , who never thought of delivering either of them to the Duke . But she would have us believe , that he left letters , after having read them , lying about carelessly , and that she , therefore , put them amongst her own . If that were so , we should have found other letters in her possession , which might more naturally have been expected to be in the Duke 's . But except these two , none such are found in the possession of Mrs. C. : what the house will think of this , I know 132 not ; but I have convinced myself , at least , that I perceive in it a proof , that Mrs. C. was playing her old game with this general , as she had done with others ; and that , instead of this being a case which should induce us to believe that there was any corrupt participation or connivance on the part of the D. of Y. in the offer of gen. Clavering , it is one which makes it impossible to believe h. r. h. had any knowledge whatever of these transactions . It is a case , indeed , which shews that on a subject upon which h. r. h. could have no reason , public or private , for withholding the information from anyone , he did not refuse to tell Mrs. C , that there were `` no new regiments to be raised . '' It does prove that , in the unsuspecting state of communication between , them , upon a subject of such perfect indifference , as , whether new regiments were to be raised , or only second battalions , h. r. h. did not reject and resent her attempts to obtain this information . But his omitting to do so , is the utmost extent of his offence ; it can not be carried further : — and to estimate the degree and nature of that offence , we must keep in mind , that this gen. Clavering is an officer of high rank , of most respectable connexions ; and whom the Duke could , consequently ,