, on the part of the hon . gent , at a time when the hon . gent . is a candidate for public favour , and is exalting himself in the public opinion , by having done the same thing as that which he thus censures in h. r. h. ? But what does the D. of Y. do upon the information in question ? Nothing that he would not have done upon the receipt of an anonymous letter , containing the same matter— He directs enquiries into the truth of it . It may indeed be said , that an anonymous letter may be a better thing to be relied and acted upon , than a letter signed by a person who is known , and known to be of bad character . But what , in this case , is the conduct of h. r. h. ? He makes an enquiry of the general , to whom he is referred by Mrs. Sutherland . It is not on Mrs. S. 's authority that he is disposed to act , but he applies for information to the colonel of the regiment . The hon . gent , says , the resignation of major Turner was still delayed ! —no such thing , sir ! the hon . gent , could not have read the letter of gen. Cartwright to the end—what does the general say in that letter , addressed to col. Gordon ? He says , `` In reply to your enquiries respecting the scrape in which it appears that capt . Turner has got with some woman of moderate repute , I have to say that I am entirely ignorant of every thing which relates to this matter ; but for your satisfaction will endeavour to inform myself of particulars , which when obtained , shall be transmitted to you . '' I am afraid of trusting to my own memory , as the hon . gent , has already thought proper to doubt the accuracy of it ? but as far as I can recollect , he did not read this concluding passage of gen. Cart- 125 Wright 's letter : but reading only that part of it which contains the statement of his ignorance of the whole matter , the hon . gent , built his charge against the D. of Y. that he did still delay to accept the resignation of major Turner . If he had read the next sentence , he would have found there was no room for this observation . It was delayed , indeed , till gen. Cartwright procured the further information which he promised ; the result of the enquiry was satisfactory ; and immediately on the receipt of the answer of gen. Cartwright , enclosing the extract of col. Mundy 's letter , the Duke submitted major Turner 's resignation to his majesty , which was accepted ; and we find major Turner writing a letter to col. Gordon , bearing date the next day to that on which gen. Cartwright 's letter , containing that extract , is dated , in which he states , that he has just received information that his resignation is accepted . It was not , therefore , delayed an hour after the enquiry had been made . Here is , therefore , a charge brought against an officer , with respect to which it might have been proper to have retained him in the service , ( because such a complaint against an officer , might amount to a military offence of ungentleman-like conduct . ) It was proper , therefore , not to let him leave the service , till it was enquired into—it is enquired into without delay—and as soon as a satisfactory account of the fact is received , his resignation is admitted . The hon . gent , opposite to me , seems to doubt the accuracy of what I am stating : let him refer to the minutes , and he will find that on the 5th of September , the letter , containing the proposal to resign , is transmitted to col. Gordon