, and it was unfair , un-parliamentary , and approaching to disorder , when any member proposed any measure , to say that it was not his measure . There was much in the Address which he approved , and would support , even though it did not go the length which the right hon . gent . wished , or which even he would himself have desired . But when the right hon . gent . found fault with the Address , for not going the length he desired , could he not perceive any motive of delicacy , with respect to the rank of the person to whom it referred , for not stating all that had been proved upon the subject ? He thought that the house would act wisely , as he was convinced his hon . friend had judiciously , in not introducing stronger words into the Address , which would have only the effect of wounding paternal feeling , and disgracing a personage , but a few steps removed from the throne . Though the Address might not go to the extent of the facts which had been proved , he , without flinching from his own opinion , must approve of the delicacy , that stopped short of the extreme limit of the matters in proof . The Charges brought by his hon . friend against the D. of Y. were ; first , the permission of the interference of Mrs. Clarke in army promotions , & c : 2ndly , doing so with the knowledge that this interference was the consequence of corruption . These were the charges ; and these , his lordship contended , had been made out . The most material witness in support of them was Mrs. C. It had been said that the blandishments of Mrs. C. had blinded him , ( lord F. ) and that therefore he could not view her testimony with sufficient impartiality . Any imputation of that sort against him he could pass over and despise . All he would say was , that he certainly was not conscious of having in the least deserved such an imputation . He had examined the evidence with the most rigid impartiality , and found , that Mrs. C. had made out all the charges , and that her testimony , in many of the most material points , was fully confirmed by other witnesses , and by documents and letters . An 304 hon . judge over the way , ( Mr. Burton ) began by attacking the evidence of Mrs. C , because she was an accomplice ; and asserted , that her testimony ought not to be received unless corroborated by others . here interposed , as he said , for the purpose of saving the time of the noble lord and of the house , by re-stating what he had said on the occasion alluded to . He did not think he had said , but he was certain he did not mean to say , that an accomplice was not to be received as a witness , but not to be believed unless corroborated by other unimpeached testimony . An accomplice was a witness competent , but not credible , except corroborated . resumed . He was persuaded that there was but little difference in the distinction of the learned gent . that an accomplice was to be received , but not believed , as a witness . He would read to the house , not what he could take upon himself to say but what he understood from those better qualified to judge , was understood to be the admitted and acknowledged law upon this subject , and he should then leave it to the house to judge whether there was any thing in the distinction of the learned gentleman . The authority from which he was to quote was the 4th volume of Mr. Leach 's Report of Crown Law . The case to which he would refer was that of James Martin and Thomas Robbins , who had been tried for highway robbery before Mr. Justice Buller