the manner proposed by the hon . gentlemen opposite.—The right hon . gent . in the course of his speech had protested against the proceedings of that house being controuled by public opinion . He could not conceive what had occasioned this observation , or to what it applied . He was sure that there had been nothing in the speech or Address of his hon . friend , nor in the Address of the other hon . member , that could afford a ground for supposing that they had been framed with a view to meet the bias of public opinion , or that the house was called upon to agree to either for that purpose . Of this he was certain , no attempt of that kind was intended ; and if it were , he would be the last man to justify such an attempt . He remembered , a few years ago , he had ventured , with some friends , to avow sentiments and opinions in that house , in the teeth of a very strong impression of public opinion , for which at the time they had been held up to the odium and execration of the public . He could appeal to what passed on that occasion , whether he was a person likely to fall in with public opinion , unless it was consistent with his own best judgment to do so . In commenting upon the motion which had been submitted that night , the right hon . gent . had observed , that they were bound to impute the most proper motives to their members for any course they might think proper to recommend . He could not perceive the necessity or propriety of this observation : was it meant as an insinuation , that his hon . friend acted from improper motives ? He would boldly ask the house to pronounce , whether there were any grounds for such 301 an imputation ? He was sorry to observe , that when the conduct of a member might be imputed to motives perfectly natural and proper , gentlemen travelled out of their course in order to convey these illiberal insinuations . No man had a right to impute improper motives to a member in the discharge of his public duty , where the whole might , as was here the case , be the result of the purest and most laudable intention . The patriotic object of his hon . friend was to do his duty to his country by a noble and courageous attempt to overthrow abuses.—There was another observation in the speech of the right hon . gent . which , though not equally offensive with that he alluded to , was still no less strange and unaccountable . That right hon . gent . had said , that he was of opinion that the result of the present business would be injurious rather than beneficial . Good heavens ! was it not extraordinary , when abuses were proved to exist , when every gentleman admitted the connivance of the D. of Y . ( No , No , No , from several members ) when it was admitted at least , that h. r. h. had formed a connection which made him liable , under the fascinations of his mistress , to do improper things , which connection was in itself improper , and in the course of which abuses had taken place , that a person , who was himself an advocate of reform , should have made use of such expressions r It was his own opinion , that if any thing Could be beneficial to the country , it was the detection of abuses ; and if the house would pursue its views , and prosecute the great business of detecting abuses , exposing delinquencies , and publishing offenders where offenders should be found to exist , it was his firm conviction , that this proceeding , which originated with his hon . friend , for with him it had originated , would be more beneficial to this country , and do more to