? Sir , it was his duty , if he acted consistently with his declarations in this house , to have advised his majesty on no account to have accepted the resignation of the Duke of York ; or , if he did so , and could not prevail with his advice , in a matter of such immense importance , why does he continue in the situation he now holds ? On the part of myself , and those who have spoken their sentiments on the same side of the question , it is sufficient that the Duke of York has resigned . That object was all we had in view . Those who believe that he has been guilty of connivance , and do not agree with the Chancellor of the Exchequer , that the guilt of connivance is paramount to that of corruption in the basest sense—are satisfied with the resignation ; and the country will , I believe , be satisfied also . After the resignation of his royal highness , I can not be a party to any attacks upon him . Amongst the many circumstances which have attended this inquiry , that , of the extraordinary anxiety of two worthy baronets , members for the City of London , who have favoured us with their sentiments to night , in support of the motion of the right hon . gentleman , is not the least curious . After long silence and inactivity , they come up , puffing and blowing , quite out of breath ; but , unluckily for them , just a day after the fair . To be sure they have the triumph of jumping upon the dead carcase , which when living they dared not even look at . Here they are in at the death ! how anxious , how keen , how active ! can there be a doubt of their intention to give a vote against the Duke of York ? Let their constituents , whose interests are their dear and only pursuit in life , see what they are made of ! I shall , I own , be a little glad , if the bright project of these worthy baronets should be completely foiled , by the withdrawing of 738 the motion ( Hear , hear ! ) . An exception has been taken , Sir , to the word `` Now , '' which I conceive to be essential to the Amendment . By discarding the word Now you leave room to suppose that the reinstatement of the Duke of York in the office of Commander is probable . Sir , I have said that I was assured the country would derive full satisfaction from the resignation ; but if it is suspected that the Duke of York is to be reinstated , you will have done but little to quiet that violent ferment with which all England rings from side to side ( Hear ! hear ! hear ! ) The right hon . gentleman says , you declare it impossible he should ever again be employed ? Sir , I confess that to me it appears to be as nearly impossible as any thing can be ( Hear ! hear ! ) I will not take upon me to say that it is absolutely so , having no power to look into futurity . I will suppose however , that by some extraordinary event—some coincidence of circumstances beyond human apprehension , it shall , by possibility , be deemed proper to reinstate his royal highness in the place of Commander in Chief ; if such an event should happen , by expunging the word `` now , '' you will have given up the power of taking the propriety of the step into your consideration . If it be permitted to stand , it reserves the power of resuming the consideration of the report , and of examining the question , whether he ought to be so replaced in the command of the army or not , I therefore think the introduction of the word `` now '' not only proper but