order to come to a just conclusion , they must necessarily go together . If he had read that Report , he would have found various instances of mismanagement ; at Plymouth for instance ; and that the former system was so imperfect , that an officer at that port had actually passed four thousand casks more than he was called to account for . He would also have found in the Twelfth Report similar instances of mismanagement in the accounts of the several foreign stations . By these Reports he would also have perceived , that appropriate remedies were very distinctly pointed out for all those evils . Of the general merits of the Reports themselves , he did not mean to speak slightly , but yet there were some contradictions he could not wholly pass by unnoticed . They would find it stated in the Eighth Report , that the issuing of provisions and stores at the Victualling-office , in 1804 , appeared to be conducted with great regularity and order ; and yet it appeared , in one instance , there was a surplus of casks to no less an amount than 4,000 tons , while in another instance there was a deficiency to the amount of 3,000 tons . It appeared also by the Tenth Number of the Appendix , that there was the same variation in several articles of provision , to a very considerable degree , as in the article of bread . In that of rum there was a surplus , while in that of brandy there was a deficiency ; and this was supposed to have been occasioned by the issuing of the latter , through mistake , for the former . This was certainly a very curious specimen of the Regularity boasted of in the Report . In the article of pork likewise , there had been found a deficiency in the four-pound pieces , and a surplus in the six-pound pieces ; and yet of this irregularity the commissioners had not thought fit to make any complaint , as they believed , according to their statement , that the mistake was occasioned by the issuing of four-pound for six-pound pieces ; now , he would ask , did ever any one hear of such excuse being admitted ? In the article of flour there was also a de- 752 ficiency of no less than 7,682 pounds , and this mistake was said to have been occasioned through the hurry caused by the pressure of business ; this was certainly a very curious way of excusing such an error . The Report likewise contained a long history on the subject of the casks , some of which had been found at a neighbouring brewer 's ; and vet , although a prosecution had been commenced , but which had failed , no investigation into the business had ever taken place . The true cause of the irregularity , however , as he had found upon inquiry , was owing to the mode of charging a certain quantity of tonnage by the number of staves , but which had proved erroneous , as the same number had been found in some instances to produce a surplus , and in others a deficiency in the amount of the tonnage . In order to shew the utter impossibility of the present Victualling Board , in times of such pressure of business as the present , to do every thing that might be expected from them , at once , he read a letter from the Victualling Board to the Commissioners , in answer to one from them , and which was written about a month after the hon . bait . had gone out of office , stating , that none of the Reports of the Commissioners had been transmitted to them officially , nor had any requisition whatever been made to them , to act on such Reports . This sufficiently shewed the Commissioners had not themselves done all that had been required or expected from them by the country ; and therefore some allowance should be made for the Victualling Board ,