payments that make up the difference , appear to have been furnished by drafts and bills , which are proved to have been payable , and paid by the Duke of York . It is observable that the first payment , which reduces this accompt to nearly the sum paid by the D. of Y. , is 500l . By whom this was paid , or how , does not appear . Mrs. C. tells us it was by her , and with the money before alluded to . It no where appears , except from Mrs. C , that the D. of Y. was aware of the whole of the demand , and that it amounted to so large a sum as 1,321l . what t he D. of Y. paid was 1,321l . If he had paid 1,363l . 14s . it would have appeared that he had paid the whole that was due for the purchase of the duke of Berri 's service of plate . He did not pay for it exactly , but he paid within 42l . of it . Now as he did actually pay so nearly the whole of what that service cost , will the house upon no better evidence than Mrs. C. 's , conclude that he knew any thing of her payment of 500l. ? Or , if he did , that he knew from what source she obtained it ? This circumstance took place very shortly after the setting up of the establishment in Gloucester-Place . Mrs. C. says , she was not in debt at that time . Is there any proof that the Duke might not have had reason to suppose that Mrs. C. had some little money of her own ? or , when we re collect that Mrs. C. herself admits that 500l . : was about that very time furnished by the D. of Y. to her , to purchase articles of plate and linen ; might he not suppose , that this payment to the extent of 500l . or part of it at least , was made out of that very sum which he had provided 140 himself ? In short , sir , I feel confident that these circumstances , when fairly examined , will never be considered as any confirmation of Mrs. C. 's evidence . I next proceed to advert to the argument founded on the rate of expence incurred in Mrs. C. 's establishment , as compared , with her means of supporting it . The house will recollect , that I was authorized by h. r. h. , to make a statement of his expenditure on account of Mrs. C , as far as he now could trace it , with any correctness and precision . But , sir , I do not feel it necessary to refer to that statement , as the fair result of Mrs. C. 's several examinations and cross-examinations on this head , together with other evidence before us , brings the expence so near to . the sum to which I stated , that it will in effect , and for the purpose of the argument , be the same ; and it is more regular , no doubt , to found my observations upon the evidence , than upon that statement.—In the first place , Mrs. C. states that nearly all the furniture in Gloucester Place was supplied by the D. of Y. and a great part of the wine.—Now the greater part of the expence which was included in the statement I was authorized to make consisted in the purchase of furniture and wine , and a sum of 5,000l. , which was incapable of distinct proof , because it had been delivered over by h. r. h. to Mrs. C. herself , without any intermediate witness to prove the fact . But her evidence confirms that fact , that all the money which she received was from the D. of Y. himself , and not through any agent employed to pay her ? and therefore , actual proof of the payment can not be had in any