refused to plead her coverture to elude her debts . '' Let us pause a moment on this charge ! Can any be more enormous ? A prince of the royal blood conspiring with his mistress to swindle their tradesmen , and designing 445 to accomplish this happy project by putting her prostitution and adultery upon record ! She , indeed , has some feelings of honesty , if not of honour , left : lost as she is to so many virtues , she is not lost to all : she opposes this royal design ; and , in reward for her integrity , is dismissed to penury , and the persecution of the very creditors whom she refused to defraud ! Good heaven , sir ! if this matter were proved , all the other charges would sink into insignificance . How poor and petty would every other allegation appear ! What power in this house , in this nation , could save the D. of Y. from signal punishment ? But if this accusation is the most boldly made , so it is the most falsely . Of all the stains that have been cast against the Duke 's good name , this is the most unmerited ; of all suspicions , this is the most unfounded ; nay , the most absolutely contradicted , the most entirely refuted . From whom had Mrs. Clarke her information , that this was the cause of separation ? She tells us , `` From her own lawyer ! '' That very gentleman we have called to our bar ; him , her own authority , we have examined ; the very channel of her knowledge we have searched : what do we find that this very lawyer says ? that `` he had indeed an interview with the Duke , relative to his separation from Mrs. Clarke ; at which the Duke told him , that he had received information that she had been guilty of the very improper conduct of pleading her coverture to an action for goods sold and delivered ; and that this was the cause of the separation . '' And his royal highness added , `` After such a thing as this , it is impossible but we must part . '' Thus , sir , vanishes this transcendant accusation ! Thus , sir , is established , not the falsehood only , but the malignant falsehood of Mrs. Clarke ! Thus , sir , we see her charging her own crimes on the Duke of York , and attempting to render him odious by the imputation of her own offences ; representing him as the most worthless of mankind on the very charges , that , recoiling on herself , have proved her to be the falsest of witnesses , and the worst of women ! These , sir , are not `` unimportant contradictions '' that I have quoted ; they are not of that slight degree , or extraneous nature , which Mrs. C. 's advocates have represented her errors to have been , whenever , indeed , they have admitted her to have been in error at all . These are not mistakes about `` trivial matters , '' or mis- 446 representations of `` irrelevant '' circumstances ; they are falsehoods in the very base and foundation of her testimony ; they are the effects of prepense malice in the design , and of deliberate perjury , I may call it , in the execution . If her general prevarication has not divested her of every remnant of credit , these instances must strip her even of the shreds . Will any man , sir , but the noble lord ( Folkestone ) deny these inferences ? The noble lord , I know , will : he has called Mrs C. , among other fine names , `` an incontrovertible witness , '' and has declared that he devotedly relies on her . This , sir , is a whimsical , I should rather say lamentable , turn of mind , undoubtedly ; but not altogether unexpected by those