crave a little indulgence for them both . The right hon . gent . here broke forth in a strain of indignant eloquence . `` Here , said he , at last , I have discovered that midnight conspiracy , in which was engendered the foul tale of Dowler 's payment to Mrs. C , of her application to the D. of Y- , and of his consequent appointment to the commissariat , of a piece with all those other conspiracies against the tranquillity and fame of h. r. h. '' Sir , all this is gratuitous assumption on the part of the right hon . gent. , none of it is proved : and although some conversation might have passed between them , at Reid 's , on the interesting topics of the day , I must suppose there were other objects in view , and that if no investigation had been on foot , the meeting would have taken place . To the credit of Mr. Dowler I shall presently speak . 189 Sir , I have detained the house thus long , labouring to set before you , in as clear light as I can , the reasons upon which I have founded my opinion , that the evidence of Mrs. C. can not be entirely discarded , as the chancellor of the exchequer and the learned judge have contended that it ought to be . I have watched with anxious attention every step she has taken . I think I have perceived a substantial connection in the whole of her story . I have witnessed most extraordinary confirmations of her evidence from sources authentic , unexpected , and quite independent of her controul . I have said , I was moved by the parts of the eloquent pleading of the right hon . gent , last night . Since I quitted the house , every waking hour has been employed in comparing the evidence with the inferences drawn from it by those who differ in opinion from me ; and the result is , not that I think Mrs. C. a witness free from suspicion , not that I think all the stories she tells ought to be credited , not that her unsupported testimony ought to go to the conviction of any person arraigned , but that there is in her a scintilla of credibility : the existence of which , with all his original prejudices , the learned judge has thought proper to deny . Whither does that lead me ? —Sir , I must add , that I think the presumptions are against the Duke of York . The learned judge attempted to establish a presumption in favour of his royal highness from the circumstance of the very limited number of transactions which took place , amongst the multitude of promotions . He has used a figurative expression to illustrate his meaning . If such had been the case , said he , there never would have been any want of money . The mill might always have been set to work . Sir , the house must recollect , that the wind did not always serve . Times and opportunities were to be watched . All was to be made to correspond with the routine of office . Great stress has been laid on the evidence of col. Gordon , and nothing has been said in commendation of that hon . officer to which he is not , in my opinion , entitled . His official arrangements , his unremitting and punctual attention to his duties , his integrity and uniform correctness , I admit and admire . A more perfect system of business than that which he has devised for the office of Commander in Chief has probably never been framed ; and a more firm perseverance in executing that system was never known . But col. Gordon has 190 said , in his evidence , that he was not in the habit of any confidential communication with the Duke of York , except on official business . We are told , that strict injunctions were given to recommend none but