again called in ; her denial was fixed upon her by every probing question which the ingenuity of a cross-examiner could devise . 207 She was put à la question , and , the scene having been wrought to the highest pitch , the paper was put into her hand . A breathless expectation was entertained of her total discomfiture . We were all ready to exclaim , Quousque tandem abutêre ? What was our disappointment and surprise , when , with unruffled composure , and a simplicity which could not be feigned , she said , the note was in the D. of Y . 's hand-writing , and must have been in her possession . Sir , I think you will agree with me , that this could not have been acted . For one , I was ready to exclaim , as I am now ready to assert , Truth upon my oath ! The case which I shall think it right next in order to advert to , is that of col. French 's levy . Here again recourse is had to the old , and only expedient for acquitting the Duke of York , and the direct witness to the fact is to be destroyed . That witness is Miss Taylor . She was subjected to a long and severe examination from Several honourable and learned members of this house , and for her cross-examination the powers of the learned gentleman over against me ( the solicitor general ) , were reserved . He had acted more as prompter during the former part of the enquiry ; but upon this occasion he made his appearance on the stage . He suddenly came amongst us like a sportsman mounted upon a fresh horse towards the close of a chase . He drove away at a furious rate : but his career , like that of many a sportsman in the same situation , was soon stopped by a most disastrous tumble . A slight mistake was committed . Unfortunately no previous enquiry had been made into the nature of the testimony which was to be given by the witness called to contradict Miss Taylor . The learned gentlemen would hardly conduct themselves in other places with that degree of indiscretion which they have manifested in this . I suppose they generally inform themselves what their witnesses will say . By omitting such precaution in this case , they have brought themselves to signal disgrace . My hon . friend was accused in the early part of these proceedings , of having had too much intercourse with the witnesses whom he called ; and a good deal of stress has been laid upon the embarrassed answers given by him to questions put with so much asperity and hostility , as was well calculated to disturb the recollection , and confuse the mind of a member of parliament not very conversant in matters of business . It is the only 208 way in which I can account for the sort of answers given by my hon . friend : but of this I am sure , that it was his duty to extract from the witnesses , before they appeared at your bar , every thing they could say when placed there ; and therefore , that he could have no desire of concealment . The prompt avowal of constant communication was the most honourable to him , and the most consistent with his duty to the house . I charge the right hon . gent . and his learned associates , with not having sufficiently informed themselves of the value of the evidence of the witnesses which they have produced . If they had , I think Dederick Smith would never have been called . He , I will venture to say , and I will presently prove it , has not invalidated , but confirmed Miss Taylor as a witness . The experience of gen. Clavering ought to have been a warning . By his friends , and not by his accusers , the case has been set up against the D. of Y . My