Mrs. C. ; and , having made as much as he could of the general disqualifying circumstances which , he says , attend her , he has recourse to her palpable contradictions and detected falsehoods . That she is open to the imputation of self-contradiction , and detected falsehood , I am not prepared to deny ; but , that those falsehoods and contradictions leave her without a spark of credibility , I do deny ; and that her evidence upon oath , in a court of justice , would be received , I firmly believe . As to her contradictions . Let us have some feeling of justice towards her in a situation so difficult , as to have obtained indulgence for all the persons who have ever been placed in it . Did any witness , with the most upright intentions , fortified by the habits of business , and possessed of the greatest ability , ever go through a long examination at , the bar , amidst the numerous , desultory , * Mr. Whitbread is supposed to have alluded to the evidence of Mrs. Carey , taken in two on the will of Mr. Smith Owen . 175 irrelevant , and perplexing questions , which are perpetually asked , with perfect accuracy and consistency , without one slip or one contradiction ? Sir , the thing is , I believe , impossible . To demonstrate it to be so , I need only say , that it has not happened to col. Gordon himself . But in all other cases allowance is made . Some witnesses are permitted to explain or correct their evidence ; for others , a liberal construction is put by the house upon inconsistencies which , under such circumstances , are excusable ; if not of that grave and wilful cast to call for punishment , ( none fell upon Mrs. Clarke ) . For her no allowance is to be made . She had united , for her discomfiture , the first legal talents , and the greatest authority of the house ; and every slip , in the course of an examination of extreme length and severity , is to be noted down as destructive of her credibility . Sir , this proves too much , and therefore is good for nothing . I shall hereafter examine the particular contradictions , and the nature of the falsehoods , in which she has been detected . The accidental introduction of colonel Gordon 's name in this part of my speech , leads me to notice a glaring mistake into which the learned gent , has fallen . When stating the presumptions in favour of the D. of Y. , he told us , that he could not have been in the remotest degree acquainted with the foul transactions going on ; for he had fenced himself round against malpractices , by such characters as Brownrigg and Lorraine , and by the adoption of Gordon , as his bosom friend and the observer of all his actions.—Sir , the learned gent , must excuse me . Such is not the state of the case . Col. Gordon does not appear to have been the bosom friend of the D. of Y . He was officially employed by the D. of Y. , and a better officer was never appointed to any situation . Unhappily he was not the depository of the secrets of the Duke ; if he had , there would have been none such as we have heard , to be divulged . Sir , the house will recollect , that the truth of all the transactions imputed to his royal highness is consistent with the most perfect official regularity . Nay , it was almost necessary to the scheme , if such a scheme existed . It would , indeed , have been an act of inconceivable insanity for the Commander in Chief to have attempted such practices at the Horse-Guards . No , sir , it is not at the Horse-Guards nor at home , nor under the eye of col. Gordon ; but abroad , at the