the evidence of Town : whom I think it was disgraceful to call . To believe it possible that Mrs. C. should , without any circumstance leading to it , inform a man with whom she had no acquaintance , but as a drawing master , that she could forge the signature of the D. of Y. , and immediately set about it , in his presence , requires more credulity than I am possessed of ; especially , when Mr. Town acknowledges that she wrote nothing but the signature ; and that he does not know which of three distinct words that signature was . The right hon . gent . has spoken with bitterness , of the avowal made by Mrs. C. , that she could imitate the hand-writing of different persons , and that she had frequently amused herself by so doing : building upon that avowal alone , a presumption , that Mrs. Clarke herself was the authoress of the supposed forgery . No part of the examination of Mrs. C. touching this matter , has impressed me with such a belief . It was not with the infamous audacity ascribed to her , that she boasted at the bar , of her power to imitate the writing of different hands . She did indeed , upon a very pointed examination , acknowledge , that she had in sport tried to imitate the hand-writing of others ; and she treated the questions then put to her in a manner , not entirely unmerited ; but the inference , drawn by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , is unjustifiable . She , in common with every subject of the realm , has a right to be considered innocent , until she is proved to be guilty . The ground was shifted at one time , and the guilt of forgery was to be laid upon capt . Sandon : that did net succeed . The conduct of capt . Sandon is , I think , easily explained . He intended , in the first instance , to favour the Duke of York , by withholding the note . If he had succeeded in his plan , hereafter , the note would have been produced ; and compensation no doubt would have been expected for service done and performed . I can not forget the striking passage in the 205 statement , made by col. Hamilton , of what passed between him and Sandon . Although capt . Sandon could not bring them to his recollection , I have no doubt of his having uttered the words , `` The note is destroyed , and they have forgotten it . '' Evidently showing his belief in its authenticity , and describing the party , which he intended to benefit by his conduct . Sir , after all I have said , I have a right to argue upon the note as genuine . Granted , says the rt . hon . gent . for the sake of the argument ! what then is proved ? how does this note connect itself with Tonyn 's transaction ? where does it dovetail in ? I confess , I am at a loss for the meaning of the note . I do not see any part of the proceeding , with which it can be made exactly to tally : but because we can not find a place which it fits , are we therefore to exclude it altogether from our consideration ? The right hon . gent . can not seriously hazard such advice . By this note , it is , in another instance , substantiated that Mrs. C. did possess influence over the mind of the D. of Y. ; that she did interfere in military promotions ; that the Duke did write to her in more cases than one of that nature . For the D. of Y. to allow of the interference of Mrs. C. , there could only be one of two motives , a connivance at the corruption of his mistress , or a desire to flatter her , and court her favour .