drawn , by Mrs. C upon the D. of Y. ; and that they were afterwards paid by the Duke by drafts on Coutts and Co. ; that he offered the bills to the Duke as they became due , but that h. r. h. never spoke on the subject of the service . '' From this , then , it appears that the Duke , as the bills became due , gave orders for them , but that he attained no knowledge of the transaction by any conversation with the witness , and there is no evidence of his having obtained any from any other quarter , consequently all that can be said to have been known by h. r. h. was , that he was to pay bills for a service of plate to the amount of something more than 1,300l . Here it is necessary again to turn to the account . From the debit side of the account it appears that the value of the plate was 1,363l . ; and from the credit side of 340 the account it appears that the Duke paid 1,321l . ; the other part of the account relates to the other matter with which the Duke had no connexion ; and whether the 500l . was specifically applied to the plate , or not ; or whether the Duke was thus taken in to pay what remained due of Mr. Birkitt 's bill , of a different date from the service of plate . The first on the l6th of May , the other , the 16th of June , is of no importance in the present consideration . The question here is , as to the Duke 's knowledge of the 500l . having been paid for the plate in part , and having been the 500l . paid by French to Mrs. C. First , then the 500l . being French 's money , is not made out , nor is there the slightest evidence that it was French 's money . Secondly , 500l . being paid at all for the plate , to the knowledge of the D. of Y. is not made out . The only thing that is made out is the payment of an account equal to the service , by the Duke , and therefore his knowledge of the payment of the 500l . being paid for the plate is negatived ; and thus this piece of corroboratory evidence , ushered to with so much particularity by the Mover of these Charges , and suggested to him by Mrs. C. falls from under them , and leaves the case on her unsupported assertion , unless the evidence of Miss Taylor is to be considered as conferring that support on Mrs. Clarke 's evidence . But , Sir , before I leave this question of the plate , I must request the attention of the house to a collateral matter introduced by my hon . friend , ( Mr . Whitbread . ) My hon . friend in a very eloquent passage of his speech , endeavouring to impress a sort of lesson of political morality on the house , mentioned that this plate was the due de Berri 's plate , a prince of the monarchy of France , who had been driven by the misfortune of revolution into this country , and by necessity had been obliged to part with this service of plate : and he seemed to infer from his statement , and from the lesson which it might teach , as if the Royal Duke had known and permitted the plate of the unfortunate due dc Berri to become the property of Mrs. C. Now , Sir , I do feel extremely anxious to remove the possibility of such an impression in addition to all the other unfavourable views that are now endeavoured to be attached to the character of the royal Duke . His having given this plate to such a person , with such a knowledge , is a thing he is incapable of ; and by looking at the evidence , it appears 341