they had not been charged with offences . But the question put to Miss Taylor , Whether her mother was in the Fleet Prison ? had nothing to do with the business , because it made no difference whether she was or was not illegitimate . But , independent of the oral evidence , the documents on the table proved six instances in which Mrs. C. had been permitted to interfere . He put the cases of col. Shaw , and of cols . Brooke and Knight , out of the question for the present , because they rested principally upon the testimony of Mrs. C. But it was proved , by the documents on the table , that Mrs. C. had interfered in the case of gen. Clavering . And what had been the answer of h. r. h. ? Did he express any resentment that Mrs. C. had taken upon herself to interfere in such matters ? No : he had neither expressed resentment nor astonishment . He merely said that gen. Clavering was mistaken in supposing that new regiments were to be raised , and he desired Mrs. C. to tell him so . He never once hinted that the general had applied through an improper channel . The next case was that of maj. Tonyn , where the interference had been proved by the Note which the right hon . gent . had considered as doubtful . He was really surprised at this hesitating quality of the right hon , gent . He consisidered this practice when he was Attorney General . He had then eagerly pressed for the conviction of an Irish Judge ( Mr. Justice Johnston ) , where the evidence rested entirely upon a comparison of hands-writing , and where it was much—much weaker than in the present instance , because in that case there were as many , or nearly so , on the side of the accused as on the side of the prosecutor ( Hear ! hear ! ) . Here there was not a single person who was acquainted with the D. of Y . 's hand-writing who would venture to say that the Note was not his . He was surprised , therefore , that the right hon . gent. , of all others , should think the Note in question so very doubtful as to its origin . Setting aside , then , all the rest of the evidence , it appeared incontrovertible from this Note that h. r. h. had permitted Mrs. C. to interfere in major Tonyn 's business.—The next case was that of Samuel Carter . Many had expressed a wish to leave this case out of consideration ; and as it appeared that this person had turned out well , he 428 would have been willing to have done the same , and to have admitted that the degraded nature of the situation in which he had stood , had been washed away in his subsequent conduct . But it was impossible not to observe , that though we heard of such sudden elevations in novels and romances , in these they were ascribed to the merits of the persons raised , and not to the influence of such a woman as this . He begged of gentlemen to consider the effect which this would have on the army . He begged of them to look at a man first riding behind the carriage of Mrs. C. , and then sitting down to table on terms of equality with their own sons . If h. r. h. had chosen to promote this man on the recommendation of Sutton , numberless opportunities had offered for that purpose . Of that there could be no doubt , when it was considered what large additions had been made , in different ways , to the force of the country , in 1803 . It was impossible , therefore , to have any hesitation in deciding that this man had been raised by the influence of Mrs. C. Mrs. C. said so . The young man himself said so , in a letter which did him a