which insinuates guilt , and a vote which only avoids affirming innocence , and leaves the guilt to be collected and inferred . They will be for au `` aye '' or a `` no '' upon the questions of `` corruption '' or `` connivance . '' My hon . friend , however , who moved this amended Address , ( Air . Bankes ) is anxious to have it understood that he does not mean to affirm personal corruption or criminal connivance : yet he adopts from the original address the affirmation that the abuses , stated to have existed in the disposal of commissions , & c. ( into which the committee was appointed to enquire , ) have in fact been proved to exist . Now this is , in any case , an incorrect statement , be the fact what it may ; be it true or not true , that the Commander in Chief was privy to the gross frauds practised by his mistress and her accomplices . If he was privy to them , the statement is in- 602 correct because it is imperfect ; because it still leaves it to be matter of inference and conjecture whether the Duke of York knew any thing of them or no . If his royal highness was not . as my hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) thinks he was not , privy to them , then the statement is incorrect in a much more Vagrant degree , because it does not negative an inference which is acknowledged to be untrue . It is not true in my hon . friend 's view any more than in mine , that there is any link which connects the Duke of York with these transactions . It is true , in my view and in his , that corrupt practices have been discovered . But the expressions of his Address do not convey that simple proposition only they convey a great deal more . The proposition conveyed by these expressions , implies , not only the existence of these corrupt practices , but their existence as connected with the matter referred to the Committee , that is , with the conduct of the Commander in Chief . I am not pressing this argument against those who maintain the propriety of the original address . They do mean to assert that the connection between the Commander in Chief and those corrupt practices is proved . The objection to their address therefore is of a different sort . But to those who agree with my honourable friend in denying this extent of guilt , who agree with him in imputing no more to the Duke of York than the blame of not having suspected the practices of his mistress , or that , perhaps , of having in one or two instances listened , not corruptly , but imprudently , to her intreaties , I say to them , that this Address does not express their own meaning . It expresses much more than they mean ; much more than they maintain in argument , or than they are willing to declare that they believe . On the other hand , when I address myself to those who , like the noble lord opposite me , ( Folkestone , ) consider as proved , not only something of imprudence and negligence in the Duke of York , not only something that throws a shade of suspicion over his conduct , but direct , gross , personal corruption , I must ask whether , in voting , as I understand them to be prepared to do , for the Address of my honourable friend , they can conceive themselves to be taking a fair , open , manly way of expressing , their opinion ? From the noble lord , as little as from my hon . friend , ( Mr. Wilberforce , ) could I 603 have expected such a sacrifice of his own opinion , for the sake of acting or voting with others . The noble lord is not always so conceding and so conciliating :