the direct result of ; so many contemporaneous and similar cases ? That Note , sir , it has been fairly owned , can not be explained with any relation to this transaction . With this admission , I must say , that it is not a lesson of the logic I have learned , to apply that which is inapplicable , and to draw conclusions from that which is allowed to be excluded from our premises . I therefore , sir , hesitate not to say , that those who shall make this Note the foundation of their vote against his royal highness , are bound , ( not to follow their own fancies and suspicions , but ) in justice , and in sound reason , to shew us how it is relevant , and where it is introducible . Those , perhaps , who follow me , may attempt to do so ; those '' who have preceded me , and whose talents are not likely to be exceeded by their successors , have given it up as hopeless , and have rested their suffrages on what they think surer foundations . Not less confidently than capt . Tonyn , is major Taylor mentioned in Mrs. C. 's letters . With him too she was , it seems , in treaty ; and to him she had made as bold and confident use of his royal highness 's name , as in the cases of Tonyn and French , and we shall find as unwarrantably . This officer was nominated to his promotion by lord Mathew , whose right it was , as Colonel of a new levy , to do so ; and of whose honourable motive in doing it no man could doubt , who knew the noble lord 's character ; and , therefore , on the score of his actual promotion , there was no room for suspicion . But in the negotiation which preceded this promotion , we have , according to Mrs. Clarke 's own account , a pregnant instance of her pretence and assumption . Mrs. Clarke s Letter says , `` That the Duke would not consent to let Taylor get on by the Irish levies , but would permit him to do so by purchase . '' Now unfortunately for Mrs. Clarke , the reverse was the fact ; and it shews how loose and uncertain her information was , even when she-spoke most confidently . The Duke did refuse to let Taylor get in by purchase , and did consent to 461 his doing so in the Trish levy . I will not dwell further on this case but request the house , to consider its facts ; and I am convinced none offer a more certain disproof of Mrs. Clarke 's influence over , or even knowledge of , his royal highness 's measures . With regard to French 's levy , I shall not detain the house . The arguments of my right . hon . friend ( Mr. Perceval ) , and of the . hon . gent . opposite ( Mr. Adam ) , have saved me the necessity of enlarging on this topic . I have only to recal to your recollection my former observation , that Mrs. Clarke asserted that she began the sale of her influence , on his royal highness 's suggestion , not till six months after her removal to Gloucester-place ; and that , from all the dates , it appears that col. French had been in treaty with her prior to that time , and actually paid her for her pretended influence before she was six weeks in her new residence . And , with regard to the evidence of Miss Taylor on this point , it is , even if true , no proof of the connivance of the Duke of York . The Duke tells Mrs. Clarke , that French teases and worries him ; and asks her , `` How he behaves to her V This , in common sense , would be interpreted , Does he also tease you ? And Mrs.