to the credit o f the army , and that if there be any danger of their recurring , effectual measures should be taken to prevent it , no one can doubt . With this object in my view I am sensible that it is a matter of very grave consideration what course we ought to pursue : it has its difficulties on one side as well as the other : it is important , as it regards this illustrious person , against whom , recollecting the benefit which we have derived from his ser- 261 vices , we ought not to come to a more severe decision than the necessity of the case would justify : it is also important , as it regards the public , whose interest it is our first duty to secure . I need not say , that from a regard to the paternal feelings of his majesty , we shall hesitate before we inflict what he must feel as the severest wound , though we shall not on this account abstain from adopting any measure of severity which the public safety requires . If , upon a due consideration of the circumstances which have been laid before us , we think the interest of the public can not be secured without a resolution which must have the effect of driving h. r. h. from the office of Commander in Chief , or obliging his majesty to remove him from it , however harsh this measure may appear to us , however repugnant to our feeling and inclinations , we must not shrink from it ; but , before we determine , let us examine the facts which are in proof ; let us look to the past and the present state of things , and judge from them what is likely to take place in future . If I thought that by not adopting a severe resolution against h. r. h. , the security and welfare of the army would be placed in any hazard ; if I thought that those regulations , which have been so wisely planned and established by him , would not be executed ; if I thought those admirable laws framed by this illustrious person for the good order and conduct of the army , would be relaxed ; if I thought that such consequences as these would result from our preferring a mild and lenient to a more severe course of proceeding , I should be one of the first to recommend and support a measure of a different description ; but if , on the contrary , I think that no such effects would follow ; if , looking to what has been brought under our view in the course of this enquiry , I find that not a single instance has been adduced of an improper military promotion , ( for I do not think that the case of Samuel Carter will , after what the hon gent . who spoke last has said upon it , be again brought forward as grave matter of reproach ) that during a period of 14 years , the most accurate and severe scrutiny has Hot produced an instance in which any one of those salutary regulations of which the gallant officers examined at your bar , spoke so highly , has been disregarded or relaxed ; when I consider these things which speak so loudly for the general merits of the Commander in Chief , and the bene- 262 fits which the army has derived from his care , surely the house can not think I am unmindful of the interest of the public , and the duty I owe to the country , if I am unwilling to act with more than necessary severity towards the illustrious person , whose general merits are so universally acknowledged . If you want to know how your army is officered , look to the manner in which it has conducted itself in the field . See whether it has uniformly supported its own honour , the glory of the country , and the splendor of his majesty 's arms