it appear more regular . This Kennet was known at the time to be a man of the worst character , and afterwards stood in the pillory . Now , if Kennet instead of applying for himself had happened to have had a son a captain whom he wished to be promoted to a majority , could any body doubt that it would have been done for the corrupt consideration of his assistance in the loan that was to be negotiated ? Who would then believe that , being ready to recommend Kennet , or any body who would negociate loans for him , being distressed , as he had been proved to be , having a woman whom he loved so passionately , and whose wishes he was so unable to gratify [ a laugh ] , he could have refused to allow her to receive some money for her interference in the disposal of a few commissions ? Before he concluded , he could not avoid paying his tribute of admiration to the 315 firmness which had been displayed by his hon , friend ( colonel Wardle ) , in bringing forward these charges , and in the investigation which had so long occupied the attention of the house . He had had to struggle against the authority and influence of the D. of Y. in the plenitude of his power , and at the head of an army more extensive than at any former period . He had to contend against ministers , who took upon themselves ( he would not say improperly ) the situation of Advocates for his royal highness , rather than his Judges . He had been impeded in his investigation by unwilling witnesses , from whom it was almost impossible to extract the truth . After his hon . friend had first brought forward his charges , he could not avoid hearing his expulsion rumoured , and yet , notwithstanding all those obstacles and difficulties , he had come forward manfully to prove his case , and had proved it , as he conceived , to the perfect satisfaction of every unprejudiced man . It was to be recollected also that a threat of infamy had been thrown out against him by a right hon . Secretary ( Mr. Canning ) in the most offensive manner : and that right hon . gent , well knew how to assume the most offensive manner . [ A cry of Order ! and the Speaker reminded the noble lord that such expressions were too personal . ] He would say that he did not believe that the right hon . Secretary meant to apply this term to that Conspiracy which had been talked of , ( as his meaning was endeavoured to be explained away by some of his friends ) but that he did mean what he said—that infamy was to attach either upon the accuser , or the accused , and he had repeated the word ac user every time he had opened his mouth since . The evidence was now over , and his hon . friend had not only proved his charges , but had proved a great deal more than he had stated , and yet the right hon . Secretary had not yet come forward to retract that expression . If then the right hon . gent , should not express by his vote , that the infamy attached to the person accused , and did not withdraw the expression with respect to the accuser , he thought that if infamy must attach somewhere , it should remain with him who had used the expression . This threat appeared to be thrown out with no other view than to damp the zeal and exertions of his hon . friend.— Another right hon . gent . ( Mr. Yorke ) who , at first , talked of a Jacobin Conspiracy , had the manliness to disavow any intention 316 of applying the term , in any degree , to his hon . friend . Another right hon . gent , who commonly sat on the same side of the