have shewn enough , in the first place , to make it clear , that the house is called upon in the fair discharge of its duty , under the particular circumstances of this important case , to give their opinion decidedly , Aye or No , upon the question of the guilt or innocence of h. r. h. After that opinion shall have been pronounced , there will then remain the consideration of what it will be proper for the house further to do upon this subject ; and whether the address I have proposed is the most fit to be adopted : that address will then remain to be compared with what has been proposed by the hon . gent . But , whatever the house may think with reference to any ulterior proceeding , they can not , I am sure , so far demean themselves , as to shrink from declaring their opinion upon the question of guilt . Of this also I am convinced , that if the house acts up to its own character and dignity , as I am satisfied it will , it must abandon the Address of the hon . gent . For , what does that address express , as the result of this serious and most important enquiry ? It states , that the house has discovered the existence of a variety of malpractices and abuses of office , and that h. r. h. could not be well ignorant of them ; but whether he is guilty of having had participation in them , or whether he is altogether innocent , the substantive address to the King is to remove him from his high situation . Now I say , whether he is guilty or whether he is innocent , is a question which is anterior to that which respects his removal , and upon the decision of which must depend what remains to be done . If the hon . gent , had so framed his address , his speech , and his charge , as to have done away the imputation of corruption , and had suggested any other grounds for the removal of the D. of Y. , it would have stood very differently , and would not have been open at least to the objection , which I am now urging ; but even then , if the house should think , that independent of the charge of corruption , there are other grounds for his removal , the course which the hon . gent , has pursued , is not that which this house has adopted on any former occasion , or can adopt con- 147 sistently with its character in the present . The whole speech of the hon . gent , goes to the charge of corruption ; and then , for fear of wounding the paternal feelings of his majesty , he declines informing him of what has been the result of our deliberations : He declines letting his majesty know , that his son is innocent ; and yet lie will not state that he is guilty ! But I feel convinced , that I need not labour this point any further : I am satisfied the house will manfully and unequivocally pronounce its opinion ; and whatever objections may be taken to our proceedings , there shall not , if my opinion shall prevail , be any ground for objecting to them , as disgracing the character of the House of Commons , by shrinking from the decision of the great question of corruption ; a question however , upon which , according to the view which I have taken of this case , I can anticipate only a favourable decision . When therefore the house shall have agreed , as I trust it will , to the resolution declaring , That there is no ground for charging h. r. h. with corruption , or connivance at Mrs. C. 's corrupt practices ; they will then have to consider , what further notice , by way of address or resolution , they will take of the different matters which