In a popular government like ours they must be productive of the worst effects . It is the direct interest of the community that a public accuser should be cherished—unless individuals are encouraged and supported by the public voice , where shall We find a man who will have the courage to attack the corrupt offences of the great ? If lie who renders so important a service to the public is branded with the contemptuous ap- 696 pellation of `` an instrument in the hands of `` an abandoned junta , '' and such conduct is not reprobated both by the house of commons and the people , where shall we find one who will undertake to drag forth the perpetrators of such foul offences to public view ? —Let me ask the right hon . gentleman , whether the accuser of the Duke of York was even acquainted with Mrs. Clarke until long after he had meditated the bringing forward these charges ? Does he disbelieve the noble lord ( Folkestone ) , who in his place made that declaration ? Of whom did that Junta consist ? —Of persons divided in interest from each other—without any bond or motive of union—of persons who , by the indefatigable zeal and perseverance of my hon . friend , have been converted into instruments of public safety—from whom , important and beneficial effects even yet will be produced , unless all our proceedings are frustrated by the influence of the king 's ministers , and the mistaken friends of the Duke of York . The right hon . secretary for foreign affairs , launching one of those bruta fulmina with which he is in the habit of treating this house , has told us that , so far from considering the day on which my hon . friend shall triumph over the Duke of York , if such shall be the case , as a day of exultation to the country , he shall view it as a day of sorrow and regret ; and that if a vote of thanks shall be proposed to my hon . friend , if single , he will oppose it . As to the first , the right hon . gentleman possibly can not enter into the enlarged views of my hon . friend . He can see nothing but personal opposition and personal triumph . It is not over the Duke of York that my hon . friend seeks victory , but over the corrupt practices which have prevailed through the weakness of the Duke of York . Him he wishes to preserve for amendment , not to exclude him , as his friends would do , from all hope . As to the second , the right hon . gent , however magnanimous , is perfectly secure . The house can not think of voting its thanks to a member for bringing forward a proposition which it has rejected . If it had been accepted , no man would have proposed thanks to a member of the house of commons for the bare performance of his duly , however arduous that duty might be . The right hon . gent . I say , is safe ; lie will not be in a minority this time . Another right hon . gentleman and friend of mine on this side of the house ( Mr. Windham ) , has commented severely on the manner in which my hon . 697 friend obtained possession of certain letters which have been the subject of frequent examinations . These letters he alledges to have been obtained by force or collusion , and I was , I confess , not a little surprized to hear from my right hon . friend the very broad assertion , that under all the circumstances which had been made known to us , be would , if he were constrained to make his election between the two cases—rather be placed in the state of accusation hi which his r. h. now stands , than in the situation of my hon . friend , as having forcibly possessed himself of these