of the D. of Y. against the weight of evidence now on the table . The hon . member for Cambridgeshire did not go quite the length of the Chancellor of the Exchequer ; for he gave up some part of the defence to save the rest ; still , however , he carried his partiality in favour of the D. of Y. to a most singular excess . He thought the evidence the worst possible , and had no doubt ( and here he stands alone in opinion , as the Chancellor of the Exchequer does in some other parts of the case equally undeniably proved , ) he had no doubt that the Note respecting Tonyn was forged by Mrs. C. Now the evidence to prove this Note to be the handwriting of the D. of Y. was so complete and so satisfactory to every impartial mind , that one could not help suspecting that no reasoning nor evidence could have any effect upon a mind that still had no doubt even but that Mrs. C. had forged the Note so miraculously discovered respecting major Tonyn . It must be a vain task , after this conviction expressed by the hon . member for Cambridgeshire , to endeavour to make him see this case in any other light than that in which he regarded it at the commencement of the proceedings . Mrs. C , being , as the right hon . member said , so very clever at imitating hand-writing , could easily imitate that of h. r. h ; this he considered as fully sufficient for him to come to the conclusion that she had forged Tonyn 's Note . But let it be remembered , that , with all this facility of imitating handwriting , it could not be shown in a single instance , ( notwithstanding all the assertions to the contrary ; and that , as it was contended , neither disposition nor ability were wanting , ) that Mrs. C. had ever made use of these talents , or exercised them , for any advantage to herself : that she had never raised money , which she was accused of , in the D. of Y . 's name . The truth was , ( for he would do justice to all parties , ) that cases had come before them which made Mrs. Clarke appear to have been actuated by a principle of honesty which really was surprising in a person in her situation . When she importuned the D. of Y. for money , it was always to pay the poorer trades-people or the servants : she made no purse , saved no money , but paid it away as fast as she received it ; so that , whatever might be thought of Mrs. C. in some respects , it was impossible not to think well of her in others : but if only witnesses were credible who were faultless , there must be 375 an end of the whole administration of justice . But the hon . member for Cambridgeshire had had recourse to arguments that entirely excluded all considerations of justice whatever , and reduced it to a question of political expediency . The hon . member had argued upon the consequences that would attend our decision if unfavourable to the D. of Y. , that we must follow it up with a bill of exclusion . Was this to remind us of the possibility of the D. of Y . 's coming to the throne ? or of the fate of those persons who had formerly done their duty to their country upon something of a similar situation ? Now he did not agree with the hon . member as to the consequences he thought unavoidable ; not to mention the little probability of the D. of Y . 's ever coming to the throne : he saw no reason , whatever might be the vote of this night , for following it up with a bill of exclusion . Btu if this argument is good for any thing , why was it not sooner produced