commander , could not extricate them from their difficulties . Fortune herself , in the most capricious hour of her changeable dispensation , could not have afforded them relief . The noble earl concluded with many other forcible observations in support of the motion . presented to the house , by his majesty 's command , the Copy of a Treaty of Peace , Friendship , and Alliance , between his Britannic majesty and his Catholic majesty Ferdinand J , signed at London , 14th January 1809 ; with two separate and one additional Article : viz . rose , and said he held in his hand a Petition , signed H. White , a 813 prisoner in the gaol of Dorchester , under the sentence of his majesty 's Court of King 's Bench , in consequence of a conviction of the publication of a libel ; and another petition from Mr. Hart , confined in the gaol of Gloucester , under a similar sentence and for the same offence . For the veracity of the circumstances alledged in these petitions he did not undertake to vouch ; but he considered it his duty , as a member of parliament , to comply with the request of the parties , in presenting to that house the petition of any British subject , when couched in respectful and decorous language , more especially upon a subject so nearly concerning the liberties of every individual . The petition complained not only of informality in the proceedings of the court upon the Petitioner 's trial , but of extreme hardship and severity sustained in prison since their commitment , and which he should hope it never could have been the intention of the court to inflict . If these allegations were founded , they ought to be enquired into , in order that they might be redressed ; and if they were untrue , it was right , nevertheless , that they should be stated , in order to give an opportunity for their disproof , that the public might really know the facts , not only as they concerned the petitioners , but every British subject . He moved that the petition be now received.—It was accordingly received , and read . It was of considerable length , and signed by H. H. White . It stated that the petitioner was proprietor of a Sunday newspaper called , The Independent Whig , published in Warwick square , London , and that in consequence of certain letters published in the said newspaper in December , 1807 , and January , 1808 , alledged to be libellous , proceedings were commenced against him by his majesty 's attorney-general , ex officio , in his majesty 's court of King 's Bench , and that the information filed thereupon did not allcdge that any part of the said letters so stated to be libellous , was untrue , which circumstance was contrary to the legal usage of the said court ; as , for above thirty years , no information had been filed in that court for any publication alleged to be libellous , wherein such publication was not also stated to be false . That in selecting a special jury for the trial of the said charge , the choice of the pannel was not left to the Sheriff , as it ought to have been conformably to the constitutional administration and usage of the laws of England , but was left to the master of the Crown-office , who 814 had thereby a power of acting partially in the selection of jurors , which was accordingly the case ; for the jurors nominated and summoned were not called upon for their fines , as is usual in such trials , but their names passed over , upon a mere alledgement that they could not attend : that such practice was subversive of the constitutional administration of the laws of England , which , in order to secure impartial juries , require that no sub-sheriff shall act for two years in succession , lest , by knowing intimately the jurors of his bailiwick