note and I think , got one of his servants to exchange it for me through his royal highness . '' Before I observe on the singular nature of this confirmatory evidence , founded on the note being changed by the Duke 's means , it is most material to remark , that she states the payment to have been made in one note of 200l . ; that she says she shewed the Duke the note , establishing that she shewed him a note of 200l. , and that she got one of his servants to exchange it , that is , that she in the presence of h. r. h. got a note of 200l . ex-changed ; a note of that amount is thus said by her three or four different ways to have been the note received of Mr. Knight , and that note so received is fixed upon as the note which was sent to be exchanged . The amount of the note , the time it was to be exchanged , an unusually late hour for such a thing , the mode by which it was procured to be exchanged , are all things which must have fixed the amount , and the other facts , distinctly in the memory of the witness , if they had been true . The witness thus makes a first representation of the changing the note , and the representation is , `` I think I got one of his servants to exchange it for me through h. r. h. '' —Here , in the first account of the change of the note , she introduces it in a way to connect it , but not very positively , with h. r. h. Preparatory to her being to bring it home positively to be his r. h. 's act , so as to fix him with the knowledge of a 200l . bank note in her possession changed by his means and by his order , leading to the inference , that he directed a bank note in her possession to be changed , too large for her to be possessed of , unless by such means as these in question . 331 The second account of the change of the note , is thus : she is asked , `` What time of the year was it ? '' she answers , `` h. r. h. was going down to Weymouth on the night that I changed the note , which was the reason that I got the note changed ; my servants could not get it changed , and his servant got it changed for me . '' Here it is still one note , and therefore a note such as she before stated it to be of 200l . which is to be chauged , and now it is stated that her servants could not get it changed , that the Duke 's servant did get it changed , and this is stated positively as a distinct well recollected fact , namely , that a fruitless attempt to get change for a 200l . bank note was made by her servant , and that the change was effected by the Duke 's servant late at night , `` in the end of July or beginning of August . '' AH this is in the evidence , and is given upon the examination in chief , that is , the first examination . She afterwards on the same evening , in the examination by my learned friend the Attorney General , on being asked what circumstances respecting the transaction she had not mentioned to col. Wardle , she says , `` I did not mention to col. Wardle that I shewed the note to h. r. h. nor did I tell him that his royal highness got change for it ; it was for me he got change ; he was going out of town at 1 o'clock , and I at 4 , and I wanted the change to leave some with my servants in town , and some I wanted with me . ''