the original motion , he was desirous of making a few general observations upon the nature and extent of that Amendment . The Amendment , he said , suggested that night , by a right hon . friend ( Mr. Bathurst ) would form the basis of that which he should have the honour of submitting for the approbation of the house , and he trusted it would not only meet the justice of the case , but be free from objection . In the view , however , he had taken of the subject , though he was prepared to proceed , if the house were disposed to hear him , yet he thought it advisable to avail himself of the few hours reflection the adjournment would give him , and to consult further with his friends upon a point that called for such grave and mature consideration . It was , he said , his intention to propose the abridgment of much of the Address as it was originally moved , and to add to it a paragraph , that should negative the conclusion of personal corruption or criminal participation or accession on the part of his royal highness . It was also his intention to propose that that part of the address which went to the dismissal of h. r. h. should be left out ; but at the same time , that the Amendment should be so worded , that it should express the decided opinion of the house , that his royal highness the Duke of York at present could not continue to hold the office of Commander in Chief . Having said that , he should , without further remark , proceed to move that the house do adjourn . understanding that the noble lord ( Folkestone ) did not intend to prolong the order for the Call of the house till Monday se'n-night , withdrew his notice of a motion for rescinding that order.—Upon the motion of sir Charles Pole , a copy of the Charter 266 of Greenwich Hospital was ordered to be laid before the house.—A message from the lords , announced their lordships ' assent to the Irish Flax-seed Bounty Bill , and communicated their wish , that the Lord Advocate of Scotland should have leave to attend a Committee of their lordships , in order to state the practice which prevailed in Scotland with regard to imprisonment for civil debt , and the consequences thereof . The messengers having withdrawn , leave was given for the Lord Advocate 's attendance agreeably to the application of the lords.—Sir J. Newport , adverting to the order of the day for the committal of the Irish Malt and Distillery bill , complained of the precipitancy with which Bills affecting Ireland were hurried through that house . This was a measure by which it was proposed to reduce the duty upon distillation , and ought not to be hurried through the house . rose to move for the production of a Paper , which as it referred to the question to be discussed this evening , he hoped he should be excused in bringing forward without any previous notice . It had been sanctioned in the letter of general Taylor , and frequently referred to in the course of the debate , that each man raised under col. French 's Levy had cost the country no less than 150l . ; this statement had naturally excited surprize , and attracted very particular attention ; but upon enquiry in the proper department , he found that the statement was very much exaggerated ; indeed it was , in order to shew this house , that he was about to move for a Return of all the expences incurred by col. French 's Levy ; together with the number of men raised and gained to the service by that Levy . From this return it would appear , that the number of men which passed at the depôt was 219 , after excepting those who had previously deserted , and those objected to by general Whitelocke , as unfit to serve . In addition to