hon . friend ventured to sea in a skiff ; he has been placed on board a man of war . His r. h. must unfortunately abide the consequences of their indiscretion . When the testimony of Miss Taylor is pronounced by the right hon . gent . to be unworthy of credit , on what foundation does that serious and cruel imputation rest ? why , truly , on this for one : that the father of Miss Taylor has passed , and been commonly known by the name of Chance , as well as that of Taylor , of which circumstance she has denied any personal knowledge . On this single ground , if there were no other , or rather on this single presumption , ( for there is no proof of the fact ) , the gentlemen on the other side of the house are bold enough to assert , that she is not entitled to be believed . This , sir , had I not actually heard it , I could not have believed . It is necessary to examine the ground of this utter annihilation of her testimony . I have stated the charge , let us proceed to consider how it is supported . In her examination , the mildness of which can not yet have been forgotten , she was asked , 'Do you mean to state that you never heard any body call your father by the name of Chance ? ' She answered , 'No , I do not think I ever did . — Have you a doubt about it ? None . ' Then , sir , the learned gent. , ( the solicitor general ) , collecting himself in his might , with that importance and solemnity which I have experienced when he wishes to dive into the very soul of a witness , and with those awful tones 209 which have penetrated me upon other occasions , addressed this young woman , 'Then you mean to state that he has always passed by the name of Taylor . To the best of my knowledge . ' 'Recollect yourself , whether you mean to persevere in that ; that throughout the whole time you have known your father , you never knew him called by any other name than the name of Taylor . ' 'Never , throughout the whole time I have known him . ' 'Do I understand you to say , that during all the time you have known him you never yourself , or in your presence , never heard any body else , call him by the name of Chance ? 'No , never . ' To overturn the evidence so extorted from this unfortunate , and persecuted young woman , Mr. Dederick Smith was called the very next witness , and from the questions asked of him by the cross-examiners of Miss Taylor , it seemed as if they entertained no doubt , of removing , hors de combat , her interesting and damning evidence , without further trouble . Now , sir , for Mr. Dederick Smith . He knows the witness ; he knows her mother ; and he knows her father ; and he knows that his name is Thomas Chance . Very well ; all very glib , smooth , and plausible . Mr. Smith has bought land , which was conveyed to him by the father of Miss Taylor , by the name of Thomas Chance . By the bye , it would have been more satisfactory if Smith had produced the deed of conveyance signed by the said Thomas Chance . We might , perhaps , have found an alias ; Thomas Chance , otherwise Taylor . I should like to have seen how the vendor had written his name . But he says Taylor did convey land to him by the name of Chance . This same Smith says , that when first he knew the father of Miss Taylor , and for many years after , it was by the name of Taylor . It seems , however , that enquiring for him