, and that every step since only evinced the 760 fallacy of any measure for its increase . The obvious effect of the measure proposed by the right hon . gent . would be to produce an increase of the illicit practices common in that country , and represented by the right hon . gent . himself as beyond the power of government to remedy ; with that impression upon his mind , he had come forward with what must add fuel to the flame , and by augmenting the premium , promote the extent of offence . The right hon . gent ought to have taken a lesson from some former augmentations ; be had proposed in that house , and succeeded hi his endeavour to pass a bill for increasing the duty on Port Wine , and that increase in words led to an actual diminution of the revenue . The right hon . gent . ought to have learned before now , from his own experience , that , in financial arithmetic , two and two do not always make four ; that sometimes they do not even make one . In order to make the nature of that measure plain to the house , it was necessary to reduce the measure of Ireland to the measure of England , when it would appear , that the permanent malt duty in Ireland was greater than in Great Britain . According to the Report of the Commissioners of Inquiry , it appeared , that not one-half was collected that ought to have been collected . In England he knew that it was the wish of many , he had heard a person high in office declare it , that if the state of the country would admit , the very first tax that should be reduced was that upon malt.— Having said thus much to prove , that as a branch of revenue it would not be productive , he would next proceed to shew , that even if it were productive in that respect to a greater degree than could be looked for , there was still another account upon which it should be deprecated , its effects upon the public peace . It had often been stated in that house , as a desirable thing , to tranquillize Ireland , and if ever there was one measure more calculated than another to prevent that desirable object , it was this measure , which by driving the people back again from beer to the use of spirits , exposed them to all the consequences of the change . If men got intoxicated upon beer , they could sleep off the effects , but spirits set them mad ; they would not go to water . He hoped the right hon . gent . would not wish to drive them to that alternative : they would apply themselves to spirits , and it would cost more than any little increase of revenue to support a military force adequate to restrain 761 their violence . It was the policy of government to encourage breweries in that country . It had been said , that the Duty upon Sugar Spirits was too high last year ; but how was it proposed to be remedied ? By giving additional encouragement to the illicit traders , and strengthening their competition with the fair ones . He disapproved , and would vote against , the measure , as incapable of affording any increase of revenue ; and , even if it were , he would object to it , upon the score of impolicy and injustice , for compromising the tranquillity of Ireland . said , that the right hon . bait . had stated , as his reason for moving the amendment , that the measure would be the destruction of the breweries . He did not understand his reasoning ; but he hoped the right hon . bart . would attend to his , and understand it . He was not fond of reading letters to the house , but in that instance he thought it a duly incumbent on him