unsworn testimony of such witnesses against any of their fellow subjects ? The testimony of such witnesses , he allowed , might justify them in putting a man upon his trial , and 395 he imagined that the reason why it was not thought necessary to give the house of commons the privilege to administer an oath was , that their inquiries were supposed to be directed to ascertain the grounds of accusation , preparatory to the institution of a subsequent trial . Every one agreed as to the necessity of ascertaining the credibility of Mrs. C. If she were not believed in all , her evidence was only circumstantial—a species of evidence inferior to that which was direct . If Mrs. C. 's evidence was admitted in all its parts without exception , it brought home the charge against the D. of Y. in its most aggravated circumstances ; for , by her evidence , it appeared that he not only knew , but authorised and recommended the traffic in commissions ; that he did so to save his own pocket , and cast the expense of her support , from himself , upon the nation . He was a little surprised to find the Address so worded as not to rest upon the evidence of Mrs. C. The language of it was , that it was to be presumed , not that it was directly proved . A noble lord had said , that he believed her testimony altogether ; it was not inconsistent with that belief that he should be willing to vote for a stronger measure . The hon . gent , who spoke second in the debate had said , that Mrs. C. 's evidence required corroboration , and in that opinion the hon . bart . himself agreed . If her testimony were suspicious , if there were a doubt upon their minds whether it was true or false , that was enough to prevent them from acting upon it ; it was not necessary to prove that it was actually false . There were many circumstances to be taken into consideration in weighing the credibility of witnesses , the character in which they appeared , the motives by which they were influenced , whether malicious or otherwise ; and by those tests was Mrs. Clarke 's evidence to be decided . He allowed that there were many parts of her testimony true ; that the only questionable part was that respecting the private conversations with his royal highness . Such testimony as that , however , was always to be doubted . A judge , in charging the jury , always pointed it out as necessary to be regarded with grave suspicion ; if it were not regarded with peculiar jealousy , no man 's character could be safe ; but the rule was , that if , from other circumstances , ( as there could be no direct refutation of it ) , there was ground to suspect its falsehood , even though it was not sufficient to establish a contradictory proposition , that 396 ground was fatal to such testimony . Where ever , also , any testimony was improbable in itself , or unlikely to be true , then it received a degree of contradiction from that very circumstance . Now , this woman came forward after several unsuccessful attempts to procure a compromise with h. r. h. She had also been contradicted by herself , though he did not mean to dwell upon these contradictions . Certainly , site could not be thought a witness above suspicion , and although the letters in which were mentioned the names of Clavering and Tonyn proved that she had communicated on military matters with h. r. h. , yet they were far from proving any thing like corruption . It was evident that Mrs. C. came forward under angry impressions , and a witness so coming forward , could not be perfectly credible ; that is , could not be unsuspected . To what extent , then , was Mrs. C. 's testimony corroborated ? As to her influence over the D.