until she lived under the ostensible protection of the D. of Y. in Gloucester place ; and till that time , therefore , she had no capital with which she could begin her trade . Another presumption urged to support the evidence of Mrs. C. and to prove the criminal connivance of the D. of Y. is , that h. r. h. must have known that Mrs. C. could have no motives of friendship towards those for whom she solicited his patronage , and no other therefore than the corrupt motive of profit . If the facts warranted this presumption , the argument would be conclusive ; but the evidence proves that , so far from this being the case , Mrs. C was surrounded by the friendship of many most respectable persons ; and that for some of these she actually did solicit favours of h. r. h. from no motive of pecuniary profit . As far , therefore , as influence goes , it is at least fair reasoning to say , that Mrs. C. represented herself to h. r. h. as acting , in all instances , upon those motives of friendship on which she is proved to have acted in , many instances . The very powerful presumptions which , on the other hand , tend utterly to destroy all credit to Mrs. C 's testimony , were stated by my right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer in so forcible and convincing a manner , that I shall not waste the time of the house by a single observation upon them . It is further said , that if we look at particular instances in which the D. of Y. acted at the solicitation of Mrs. C , the very circumstances afford evidence of corrupt connivance on the part of h. r. h. in the pecuniary profit of Mrs. C , for that his conduct is otherwise unaccountable . The instances selected for this purpose , are those of col , French , col. Shaw , and Samuel Carter . It is said , that col. French 's levy was so disadvantageous to the public , that the D. of Y. must have acted in it with gross partiality , and therefore with corrupt connivance . For the sake of the argument , let it be supposed that the levy was disadvantageous , and that the Duke acted with partiality . Does it follow that h. r. h. knew that Mrs. C. had a corrupt motive for recommending col. French , and may not his affection for this woman sufficiently account for his partiality towards a person 297 so strongly supported by her . But I can not admit the tact , that the agreement for col. French 's levy was disadvantageous to the public . If I understand the case , the evidence affords no such conclusion . The business of the levy was conducted regularly at the office . It is true that it ultimately failed , after a considerable expence had been incurred . But if the result was disadvantageous to the public , it was , at least , as disadvantageous to col. French and his colleague capt . Sandon . It is in evidence , that col. French and capt . Sandon lost 3,000l . by this transaction , in which it is supposed , that a corrupt degree of favour was extended to them.—With respect to col. Shaw , it is alledged , that , after his appointment to the office of barrack-master , he failed in his pecuniary engagements to Mrs. C. ; and that she , therefore , out of all course , caused him to be put on half-pay , and the corrupt connivance of the D. of Y. is from thence inferred . Now it appears from the evidence , that the appointment of barrack-master was obtained for col. Shaw , by sir Harry Burrard ; and that it was absolutely one of the conditions upon which the appointment was given , that he , col. Shaw , be placed on half-pay . The case of Samuel Carter is so disposed of by