the head of the army . There would be no difficulty in establishing the truth of the position here laid down , and doing away whatever there was of seeming paradox in it , but I shall forbear from troubling the house for that purpose , as I collect from the gestures of the hon . gentlemen , that the contrary is not maintained , and that there is no intention of forcing upon the house a course of proceeding such as I had apprehended . I shall consider myself , therefore , as at liberty to treat the whole question from the beginning , as one , and not as restricted to the necessity of breaking it into parts , according to a prescribed form , deciding those parts as separate questions , and then , from the result of those separate questions , and the conclusions which the house shall severally have come to upon them , forming my opinion upon the whole . The main question is , What shall the house do in consequence of the body of evidence now brought before it ? What steps shall it take ? What resolutions shall it come to ? What advice shall it give ? In every view , and for every purpose , it is necessary to consider the nature and value of the evidence , the general heads under which it falls , and the main facts which it establishes . After the minute examination which it has undergone , I shall be far from feeling it necessary to go into any minute detail , it will be sufficient for me to state such remarks as seem to me at all material in the character and result of the leading parts of it . Among these , Mrs. Clarke 's evidently stands foremost . She is the life and soul of the whole . Her testimony , if it is to be received implicitly , is at once conclusive . We are to consider what there may be to render any part of her testimony doubtful . Her general situation in the cause is certainly such as to expose her to great aus- 497 picion . She is so circumstanced as to be open to strong temptations to falsehood , both on the side of interest and of passion : and what ground of assurance is there that these motives will have been resisted ? She is , in the first place , a woman without that virtue which is the great pride and ornament of the sex , and is , in the universal estimation of mankind , the great foundation and pledge of all others . However it happens , or in whatever way , is to he explained , it must be confessed , ( without wishing to bear too hard upon the frailties of the sex , ) that the loss of chastity in women , does carry away with it a great portion of all their other virtues . But , Mrs. Clarke is a woman , who is not only unchaste but is publicly known to be so ; that is to say , who is not only without virtue but without shame ; who has long incurred and become familiar to the opprobrium of the world ; and has therefore set herself free from another security for right conduct , and one which is hardly less strong than virtue itself . It is impossible to have seen her here without seeing what the effect of her trade has been in hardening her against those feelings , which would have operated on most of her sex . These are presumptions arising from her general character and habits of life . There are others arising from the particular situation in which she stands with respect to the transactions under discussion . She appears in the character of an accomplice . If the acts charged would he scandalous and flagrant in the person to whom they are imputed , she can not be blameless or guiltless , who carried on a systematic traffic for procuring them to be done.—Upon this subject of