disadvantages he was compelled to vote for the Addresses in preference to the Resolutions of the right hon . gentleman . As to all that had been said with respect to out-door influence , he was far from being disposed ever to let any popular cry have any undue influence on his vote in that house . But however he would resist the popular impression , he could not remain insensible to the general feeling of the nation , and therefore disliked the Resolutions that were to follow the first of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer because , if adopted , they would disappoint the expectations of the public . He lamented the mode of proceeding which had been adopted , as it had brought matters of great scandal forward , which had an effect upon the public mind , and obliged the house to come to a decision on what ought never to have been brought under their cog- 661 nizance . It would have been better for ministers to have met the original Address by the previous question , or to have , given it a decided negative , than to have had recourse to the circumstantial course they had resorted to . rose , and spoke nearly to the following effect : Sir ; After the able and ample manner in which the present business has been already discussed , I am most unwilling to trespass on the patience of the house ; but the peculiarity of my situation will , I trust , plead my excuse , and gain me your indulgence , while I state shortly what I have felt sensibly upon the present most important question . It gives me great satisfaction to hear that the army has been in such a state of progressive improvement since his royal highness the Duke of York assumed the chief command , and I am glad to be enabled to bear my testimony to the many wise and salutary regulations which have been introduced into the army under the auspices of the Commander in Chief . I shall , at all times , have great pleasure in joining in all encomiums paid to that royal person as far as I believe such encomiums to be just and merited . This is as much my duty , as it is my inclination ; for I am among the many who have reason to be thankful to his royal highness for personal favours , and for more than a merited portion of his consideration , and therefore it was with deep and heartfelt regret that I was compelled to think of him , as I must have thought , when I voted as I did vote . But , Sir , all such considerations must necessarily yield to that imperious sense of public duty , which , in this place , is our first duty . Deciding as I have done , so opposite to my original wishes , and what adds to my regret , so opposite to the sentiments of my brother officers , I have , however , not decided hastily . I have read the evidence with care , with an anxious wish to come at the truth , lie where or against whom it might . I have weighed it with mature deliberation — listened to the long-and various commentaries upon it with attention , and trust I may now venture to say , that I have decided with impartiality . It is not my intention , Sir , to offer any observation now upon that evidence , it has been already in too able hands to leave any thing for me to say , but the impression it has made on my mind is , that the Duke of York is extremely culpable . Throughout the country a cloud of suspicion has been collecting , and it has settled upon his character ; while that cloud 662 remains , until it has been dispelled , my opinion is , that it is not for the honour of the Army , that the chief command should remain in the hands