draw from her royal friend of the state of the fact , contrive to give to herself an appearance of 516 ten times as much as she had , and to effect that , with the possession of some real influence , which so many accomplish without any at all . The acts here supposed , as they apply directly to the question of the Duke of York 's knowledge of what was passing , connect themselves naturally with another topic nearly akin to it , which he had forgot to introduce in its proper place , and which had been much agitated under the name of connivance . Many gentlemen had thought that a distinction could be taken between connivance and criminal connivance . He for one was not at all interested in such a distinction , because he was prepared to deny connivance altogether . He doubted indeed , whether the distinction could be successfully made . If the etymology of the word was to be our guide , it was as difficult to split a wink , as to split a hair : and if we were to follow the ordinary acceptation of it , the distinction became impossible , for connivance by the very force of the term was commonly made to include in it the idea of criminality . In that view to attempt to separate connivance from criminal connivance was to attempt to separate a thing from itself . But if nothing more was meant , than that men turned their eyes unwillingly to facts , the existence of which would give them pain , that they were slow to admit unwelcome truths , there was nothing more easily understood or more familiar to every man 's observation and practice ; not in cases only where no criminality existed , but where from the nature of the thing none could possibly be suspected . What cases were more familiar than those of persons resisting to the last moment the belief of misconduct in those near and dear to them ? not because they wished well to that misconduct , not because they were desirous of its continuance , but on the contrary , because the existence and continuance of it was a subject of the greatest dread , was the greatest affliction that could befall them . Would any one say of such persons that this slowness of belief , this unwillingness to be convinced of the misconduct of their wives or sons , was criminal connivance , and that they were parties to these acts which they deprecated ? Were people criminal parties to the dreadful maladies that threaten their own existence , because they shun inquiry into them , because they long disguise them to themselves and conceal them from others , because they dread to take opinions , for fear of what those opinions may discover to 517 them ? —a species of connivance , it was to be feared , to which numbers were daily falling victims , to whom , whatever else might be imputed to them , it would never certainly be imputed , that they were friends to the evils , which they thus avoided to acknowledge . A blindness of this description is very likely to have existed in the instance in question , and may account for much of that with which gentlemen seem to have been so much embarrassed , between the unwillingness of imputing to the royal person any thing so shocking as a wilful tolerance of such abuses , and the difficulty of believing that no suspicion of their existence ever entered his mind . A suspicion might very possibly have entered it , and have passed away , as such suspicions often do , without leaving any trace behind , or have been dismissed , as men do subjects that they are afraid to contemplate . We might surely allow to the Duke of York us much incredulity about Mrs. Clarke 's infidelities in respect to bribes as about her infidelities of another sort . If he could be so blind as not to suspect her with Dowler , where suspicion