by judicial principles and proceedings , and to attend to those rules of evidence which formed the barriers of our rights and the protection of our lives , liberty , and property . Attending to these rules he maintained , that there was a great deal of the evidence which ought to be laid entirely out of sight , in forming the opinion of the house , and particularly that of Mrs. C. This woman was , in fact , upon her own description of herself , not at all entitled to belief , as she stated that she belonged to a profession whose very business and profit was deceit and imposition . Her trade was lying ; and she had , it appears , become so skilful in the art , that she succeeded in imposing even upon army-brokers who were proverbially so dextrous in that course ; for she persuaded them to believe that she had an interest with the D. of Y. long after that interest notoriously ceased , and also with the Duke of Portland while upon a little inquiry , it turned out , that her Duke of Portland was Mr. Maltby . Here the learned gentleman 417 entered into an analysis of Mrs. C. 's testimony respecting the various transactions from the year 1804 up to 1808 , and the moment of her examination . In June 1808 , she wrote to Mr. Adam , threatening the D. of Y. if he did not comply with her demands . She endeavoured afterwards to tamper with Donovan and Sandon , in order to bring them over to her party . In July she writes to Mr. Adam , stating that she has given up her papers to persons who were as stubborn as the D. of Y. , and more independent , and who would expose him . Yet , after all these menaces this woman was said to be a reluctant witness . Up , indeed , to the very moment of her examination , she was guilty of imposture , by pretending to have a promise of Mr. Wardle 's influence to procure her the signature of general officers , in order to obtain some commissions : and this the lion , member himself denied . With regard to the assertion of a noble lord ( Folkestone ) , that the establishment at Gloucester-place must have cost from 20 to 25,000l . a year ; that the D. of Y. must have been aware of its extravagance ; and that he must , of course , feel the necessity of supporting it from the sale of commissions , Mrs. C. , indeed , states that six months after she went to Gloucester-place , she felt her embarrassments . Now , he would ask was it probable that if , at that time , in 1804 , the D. of Y. meant to sanction the cause of Mrs. C. , to join in her trade , colonel Clinton just going out of office , such a character as col. Gordon would have been selected to succeed him ? Was it not rather more likely that some pliant accommodating person , fit to promote the views of the firm of the Duke and Mrs. C. , would have been appointed ? The improbability of such a contract between the Duke and Mrs. C. was still more manifest from the very arrangements of office . We find col. Gordon at the outset declaring open war againit those very army brokers through whom Mrs. C. operated . We find a clause introduced against them into the Mutiny Bill , upon the proposition of the D. of Y. himself . Yet , with all these precautions , some gentlemen would assert , that the D. of Y. connived at the proceedings of Mrs. C. ! But he would ask , whether any impartial man , capable of examining probabilities , could subscribe to such an assertion . What still stronger served to prove the improbability of the D. of Y . 's connivance with Mrs. C. , was the circumstance of his requesting his learned 418 friend (