asked , `` Did not you make a communication to Mr. Wardle , or speak to him to say that you wished to alter your evidence ? `` I called upon Mr. Wardle , and told Mr. Wardle about the bill that I received from Mrs. C. , and went and got change for , and returned that , night , in the presence of the D. of Y. I told Mr. Wardle that I had done that '' `` What was the amount of the bill you got changed '' `` I think 100l . but I am not certain . '' If Mrs. C. were to be believed , he told her it was 50l . `` Where did you get the bill changed ? '' I got it changed at Mr. Byfield 's and Mr. Bridgman 's ; Mr. Bridgman and his wife changed it for me , confectioners in Vere-Street . '' This gives us another circumstance . Mrs. C. says he told her , that he got it changed at Stevens 's hotel , but that he had called at Mr. Stevens 's and he could get no information from them ; '' he then , finding that Mrs. C. had told us , that Mr. Stevens recollected nothing of the circumstance , comes with an altered statement , and asserts , `` that it was Mr. Bridgman and Mrs. Bridgman , and not Mr. Stevens , who changed it for him . '' But here he is equally unfortunate , Mrs. Bridgman is called and contradicts him ; for she states , although he did come on some night ( without being able to ascertain even the period of the year ) with a note , yet she did not change it ; she adds , that she did not see the note , therefore knows not the amount of it , but believes he told her it was for 100l . This , sir , is the history of the note , and upon the whole , what is the fair result of that history ? That there is not a single fact , stated by Mrs. C. , respecting the changing of this note , which was capable , of being disproved or confirmed , which is not disproved , either by the context of her own evidence , or by the evidence of some other witness . If indeed it had been otherwise , and Mrs. C. had been Confirmed in this fact , of a 200l . note having been changed , and by the Duke 's own servant , it would still have proved nothing , as to h. r. h. 's knowing that she obtained the money from Mr. Knight , as a reward for her interference . We should even then only have had her word , as to h. r. h. 's knowing whence she obtained it ; and but for her word the note might have been one which h. r. h. himself might have furnished her with for the expences of her journey . But though the confirmation of 92 these circumstances , would have proved nothing against the Duke 's innocence ; the disproof of them is conclusive against her veracity . Unless not only a note , but a note for 200l . was changed , her evidence is wilfully false . Taking all the circumstances of her evidence together , you see her varying and fashioning her story to the other evidences as she understands it . Before Ludowick was called , she had been positive the Duke had given it to one of his own servants ; after he had been called , she withdraws that assertion . As to Mr. Pierson 's evidence , a more extraordinary testimony was never given . In his first examination he does nothing to confirm Mrs. C. ; but he rather brings into question the accuracy of Ludowick : he is called again , he sets up Ludowick 's evidence , but he destroys his own ; and in no alteration of his story does he confirm Mrs. C. I contend , therefore