, all with one accord compelled him to decide , that in his opinion the Charges were completely substantiated against his royal highness the Duke of York . said , that he had wished much to hear the evidence canvassed and commented upon before he expressed his opinion , and , with that view , had delayed offering himself to their attention until that moment . There were many parts of the ingenious speech of the honourable baronet in which he agreed . It should be his endeavour , in what he had to say , to discharge his duty with impartiality , and to assist in the promotion of their common object , the discovery of the truth . He agreed with the hon . bart . that ultimately , every man should vote according to his conviction , and should do all in his power that that conviction should be right ; else it would happen , as Doctor Johnson had said , that strong party principles would produce wrong convictions , and that would countenance the charge , that though the conviction was produced , it was not come by honestly . He admitted it was desirable that their minds should be perfectly unbiassed and upright , in the investigation ; that they should be equally removed from popular prejudice upon the one hand , and from considerations of rank and exalted station upon the other . Such were the sentiments with which it became that 394 house to pronounce its decision . It appeared to him , that there were two questions before them ; first , whether the charge of personal corruption against the D. of Y. was well founded , and if so , what steps they should pursue in consequence ? And secondly , what opinion they should entertain of the evidence in support of these charges ? Supposing it to be the prevalent notion that the D. of Y. was guilty of personal corruption , the question then was , whether they should pronounce the judgment , that he was unfit to be at the head of the army ? He could conceive cases in which the house might refuse to pronounce any opinion , but he could not conceive any case in which it would be justified in pronouncing an ambiguous opinion . He felt it difficult to know what the house would be at . He wished the hon . gent . had not driven them to the necessity of coming to a decision upon that point . He agreed in the definition which the hon . bart . had given of corruption , to constitute which the receipt of money was not essential ; any improper motive , any undue influence , was corruption . With regard to the Amendment which had been proposed at the last meeting by his hon . friend , he had this to say of it , that , by its striking a sort of medium , it might obtain a majority of votes , though it only expressed the sentiments of a minority of that house . He wished that the hon . gent . had set out with proposing a simple Resolution , which would bring the fact before them at once . Supposing , then , that it was necessary for them to pronounce a direct judgment upon the criminal part of the charge , he would consider what grounds they had upon which to rest it . He was not aware , that in any former case they were similarly circumstanced as in the present . In ascertaining the credibility of witnesses , they should consider with attention the circumstances under which the testimony was given , and a very prominent circumstance for their consideration , was , whether the testimony was given under the obligation of an oath . A Roman tribunal had refused to take even the testimony of Cato without the sanction of an oath , and certainly they had had persons at their bar not much akin to the Roman or Athenian virtue , and they were called upon to decide whether they would take the