believed him profuse , but he did not believe him corrupt . He acquitted him wholly of corruption , of participation in corruption , or of connivance at corruption ; but he believed him to be highly guilty and deeply criminal in allowing Mrs. Clarke to interpose with his official duties ; in permitting her to make recommendations to him to which he listened , and by this permission , to allow her the semblance at least of his authority for her malpractices . The corroborated evidence of this fact was to him conclusive ; it was spontaneous ; it was unpremeditated ; it was not intended to be brought forward ; it was found by accident , but it afforded the most convincing proof of the existence of the crime.—With respect to French 's levy , it must be allowed on all hands , that it was a most ruinous bargain for the public : it was obtained without any statement of circumstances ; without any military recommendation ; without any due inquiry into the circumstances of the case . What was the fair deduction ? That it originated in another recommendation , and when connected with the other testimony , it was clear that that recommendation was Mrs. Clarke 's . As to the case of Dr. O'Meara , the way in which his royal highness had permitted a man , who professed to have a call from God , but who listened to the dictates of Mammon ; who professed to be a minister of purity , but who was the base attendant on an adulteress , at the recommendation of that adulteress to approach him for the 576 purpose of being introduced to his father , and with the further view of procuring a bishopric , was most strongly to be reprobated . In this act his royal highness forgot his duty , his Tank , and his situation.—In the case of Kennett it was also evident that his royal highness the Duke of York had exerted his influence improperly , with a view to obtain for a man , with whom he was negociating a loan , a post under government ; and in the case of Elderton . it was evident that he had given him a paymastership on the recommendation of Mrs. Clarke . Nor was the conduct of his royal highness as it regarded general Clavering less reprehensible . In his letter to Mrs. Clarke on the subject , he desired her to tell gen. Clavering that there would be no use in her applying for a regiment for him , because it was not intended to raise any new regiments , but only second battalions to the existing corps . What was the evident deduction ? Why , that if it had been intended to raise any new regiments , Mrs. Clarke might have applied . If his royal highness had done his duty , instead of the answer which he made to her , he should have said , `` I am sorry that Clavering has applied through you ; I was not aware that he was acquainted with our connection ; I hope he is not . But if he knows any thing of it , let him know this , that this is a point on which I will never suffer you to interfere . '' But his royal highness had not done so , and from this , as well as from other circumstances which he had stated , the inference was that he had been guilty of permitting Mrs. Clarke criminally to interfere in military transactions.—Adverting to the sentiments expressed last night by his right hon . friend near him ( Mr. Windham ) he declared , that were his opinions so evenly balanced as those of his right hon . friend , he would wholly acquit the Duke of York . He would not employ himself so long in splitting hairs , and then , with half an hair , strangle the character of that illustrious individual . But , thinking as he did , he was now compelled to declare , that he did