situation , is manifested by the letters , which , subsequent to his appointment , he wrote to Mrs. C. These letters are in evidence ; the house is aware of them , they do him honour . There is a sentiment of liberal gratitude , breathing through the whole of them , which proves the qualities of his heart , as well as the progress of his education . The D. of Y. must at least have the satisfaction of believing now , and nothing but a total want of candour would presume , that he had not good reason to expect before , that the youth to whom he had extended his protection , instead of being a disgrace , would be an honour to the army . He is now , as we are given to understand , upon the staff , in the West-Indies , not promoted to that station by the recommendation of the D. of Y. ; but recommended by his own good conduct , which the general whom he served , had the opportunity of observing , and the just discrimination to reward . I do sincerely hope , and trust , that wherever what has passed in this house may be heard or read , it may not make any impression on the minds of the brother-officers of this young man , injurious to him in his professional character , or ruinous to his future prospects : and I am confident the house would deeply lament ; I am sure , that all those gentlemen , who in the first instance , before this case was fairly brought under their examination , considered it in the 129 Strongest and most prejudiced point of view , would extremely regret , that this case should ever have been introduced , if it should be attended with a result so cruel , so unjust , and so unmerited by the person whose appointment has been the object of our enquiry . The case I am now coming to , is one , which unquestionably is of the greatest importance ; for it is one , which gentlemen on t he other side of the house suppose to bear the hardest against the D. of Y. I allude to the letter from h. r. h. to Mrs. C , in which the name of gen. Clavering is introduced . Whether it is a case which merits the observations that have been made upon it , will be for the house to judge , after I have drawn their attention to the circumstances with which it is connected . To my mind , it certainly does not appear to possess the importance which others have bean disposed to attach to it . The letter of h. r. h. , is in all our memories . I will state the exact terms of the passage which refers to gen. Clavering ; they are these : `` Clavering is mistaken in thinking that any new regiments are to be raised ; it is not intended ; only second battalions to the existing corps : you had better , therefore , tell him so , and that you were sure there would be no use in applying for him . '' The hon . gent , made an observation upon this letter , which indeed astonished me ; he said , that this letter appeared to have been written with great caution by h. r. h. : If any gentleman will read this letter , without suffering his mind to be actuated by a most uncommon degree of prejudice , I am sure he will not think that caution is its true characteristic . There certainly is no appearance that it was ever intended for the public eye ; it is little calculated to be dissected and commented upon in the manner it has been . Who , except the hon . gent , himself , is so biassed by ins views of this case , as to say , that this is a letter which has been written with premeditated caution and circumspection ? that it has been written