not consider the Duke of York as worthy to retain the situation of Commander in Chief . If he were allowed to approach his royal highness , he would advise him to resign his office . If ministers did their duty they would recommend to his majesty to advise his royal highness to resign his office . Unless they did so , they would fail in the sacred obligations which they owed their sovereign . The most urgent motives for ; 577 his resignation would meet his royal highness at every corner and at every step . The time was , perhaps , approaching , when the independence and existence of Britain might he fought for on British ground . The successful event of such a contest must in a great degree depend upon the confidence which the country reposed in the individual entrusted with the chief command of our army . Could his royal highness suppose that he retained that confidence ? If so , the sentiments that were staring in every eye , and ringing in every ear , would speedily undeceive him . There was no alternative for him therefore , but to resign his office . In retirement , in fulfilling his duties as a prince , in completing that reform assurances of which he had thought proper to convey to the house of Commons , his royal highness the Duke of York would find opportunities for recovering the confidence and affections of the people . In times of peril like the present , he was compelled to repeat , that the Duke of York was not a tit person to retain the command of the British army . He felt that he had done his duty in thus giving his decided opinion ; but the gratification which that feeling afforded him would , he feared , be no excuse to the house for the fatigue to which he had subjected them ( hear ! hear ! ) He trusted that the house would do their duty , and he would conclude with the apothegm of lord Burleigh , `` England can never be ruined while its parliament continues to do its duty . '' ( of Scotland ) , who rose amidst a tumultuous cry of `` Question ! question ! '' began with observing that he was well aware of the just impatience of the house to come to a vote ; but he hoped for their indulgence for a few minutes . He seldom rose in that house , and never but when impelled by a sense of duty . He felt himself called on to give an opinion on this important question . With all the attention that he had been able to pay to the evidence , the conclusion which he drew from it was , that his royal highness had neither been guilty of corruption , nor criminal participation , nor connivance ; and that he had in no one instance abused the power he possessed as Commander in Chief , of giving away military commissions . This was a conviction that he derived from a minute , unprejudiced , and conscientious review of the different charges , and the evidence by which they were supported . [ The house became here so clamourous for the 578 question , that the hon . member could no longer be heard ] then rose , and began by stating , that he deferred to the latest opportunity his intention of offering to the house his sentiments on the present most important question ; because he confessed , that it was his uniform and anxious wish to hear all that might be said upon the subject upon either side , according to the various views that different minds might be severally disposed to take of it , before he ventured to state his opinion , that he might see it in every light , and in every shape , that it could , perhaps , possibly appear in . With this view he had , from the very commencement of this discussion down to that moment , devoted his fixed and undivided attention