which involved one of the greatest calamities that had ever befallen the country : he alluded to the advance and retreat of the British army in Spain . He could not , at present , ascertain whether the information 641 on the table was sufficiently full , or whether it might be necessary to call for further papers ; he could not therefore give notice of any day for the discussion of this subject , nor did he think the discussion could lake place before the Easter holidays , but he hoped no long period would elapse before the attention of their lordships was called to its consideration . He wished , however , now to put a question or two to the noble Secretary of State , and first ; Whether there were included in the Papers on the table the Communications which took place between the British government and the temporary government of Spain , respecting the sending of troops there from this country ? These communications were , he thought , peculiarly necessary for the purposes of explanation , and particularly to explain the causes of the delay which took place in the disembarking of our troops , after their arrival at Corunna ? He also wished to be informed , whether any agreement had been entered into with the government of Spain respecting the landing of troops sent from this country at any other port than that of Corunna ? as if there were that might serve to account , in some measure , for the delay in the landing at Corunna . with respect to the Letters of Mr. Frere , repeated , that they were private letters to sir John Moore , and were not transmitted home by that officer , nor referred to in any of his dispatches , public or private ; neither had they any operation with respect to the march of the army . For these and other reasons , which he should state when the motion was made , he should resist the production of the Letters . With respect to Communications with the Spanish government , relative to the landing of troops from this country , it would be found , on reference to the dispatches from the Officers employed , that very full information was given upon that point , and with respect to any supposed agreement with that government to land troops at any other port , he could state , that no such agreement was made ; there had been under other circumstances an agreement to send troops to another part of Spain ; but this did not apply to the troops sent to Corunna , for whose landing no other port was appointed . could not conceive that Letters sent by his majesty 's accredited minister at Madrid , to the officer commanding the British army in Spain , could , in any sense , be considered as private letters , at 642 it could scarcely be imagined that they must not , in some measure , influence the operations of that army . urged the necessity of-producing the Letters alluded to . adverted to what had been said on a former evening respecting the Regency in Portugal , and observed , that it appeared by the narrative of sir Hew Dalrymple that he had received a dispatch on the 3rd of September , dated the 19th of August , containing Instructions for the formation of the Regency . He thought it of considerable importance that this Letter should be produced , in order that the house might be aware of the nature of those Instructions , and of the motives which influenced them . It had been said by the noble Secretary of State on a former evening , that Portugal must follow the fate of the Peninsula , but surely much might have been done in Portugal to influence the fate of Spain , if measures had been adopted in that country satisfactory to the people , and calculated to rouse their patriotism and military ardour in defence of the common cause . He also wished to have produced the Correspondence with