his diocesan . Did his royal highness act so ? No ; he referred the man to Mr. Greenwood and his hon . friend ( Mr. Adam ) . His lordship could call the offer thus made to his royal highness nothing but a bribe . If this was not a proof of a corrupt mind , he could not conceive what was . It might be said that this was not a case in point to the inquiry the house had directed to be made into his royal highness 's conduct as Commander in Chief . But his lordship could not but carry it along with him into the cases of Tonyn , French , & c. The condition of the letter of service granted to colonel French and Sandon , was , that if four thousand men should not be raised within nine months , the levy was to cease ; but the letter of service was not recalled at the expiration of that time , though not above 200 men were raised ; and these men , who were nothing better than crimps , were even permitted to go on with the levy for thirteen mouths , within which time they only raised 219 men ; he must say , that if ever there was a job , that was one . Through whose influence , too , was this done ? To his mind , through that of Mrs. Clarke . Miss Taylor , too , corroborated this evidence ; and , having no other direct proof of corruption in this instance , he was entitled to make use of Kennett 's case , for the purpose of adding weight to it.—The evidence of Miss Taylor had been objected to , on account of her connection with Mrs. Clarke ; but on this ground he did not see how it was possible to reject her evidence , without other and strong circumstances to invalidate her testimony . On the contrary , no such circumstances had transpired throughout the whole of the inquiry , and the very reason gave for recollecting at so distant a period the conversation that took place between the Duke of York and Mrs. Clarke , and his royal highness 's particular expressions on that occasion , proved beyond doubt , in his opinion , the truth of her testimony . She stated that 543 the conversation took place man whom she had heard of , but never seen , and this circumstance she considered as occasioning the impression , that it had made on her memory . Of the two Addresses proposed , though they appeared in substance the same , he certainly should prefer that of the hon . gentleman ( Mr. Bankes ) , because the original Address contained some expressions of a nature highly objectionable . These expressions were : `` That without entering into any other of the many obvious consequences which may be expected to follow , from the belief once generally established , of the prevalence of such abuses in the Military Department , there is one great and essential consideration inseparable from the present subject , which they humbly beg leave , in a more particular manner , to submit to his majesty 's gracious consideration , namely , that if an opinion should prevail amongst his majesty 's land forces , that promotion may be obtained by other means than by merit and service—by means at once unjust to the army and disgraceful to the authority placed over it , the effect of such an opinion must necessarily be , to wound the feelings and abate the zeal of all ranks and descriptions of his majesty 's army . '' These were expressions that were particularly dangerous , inasmuch as they tended to convert the army into a deliberative body . He regretted that the house had not adopted the suggestion originally made by his hon . colleague ( Mr. Wilberforce ) by instituting a parliamentary commission , in which case gentlemen would not now have to complain that the evidence was not upon oath ; they would not so frequently have heard of