a contrary course might be said , in the language of a moral poet , to `` Gulp down reasons whole and in a lump , `` And come to short conclusions at a jump . '' What would be the situation of the house if they should vote the Resolution of the right hon . gentleman ? Why , this — that whilst they had a conviction of his connivance at abuses , the highest officer in the state would still continue , in his situation . ( Hear ! hear ! ) Was it right that his royal highness should continue as Commander in Chief , whilst it was proved that such practices had passed before him ? If the Duke of York ever reflected at all , which he sincerely believed he never had done , he would have put a stop to such corrupt ' practices . He would never have lent himself to such a case as Mrs. Clarke 's recommendation of a Doctor of Divinity from Ireland , or committed himself with respect to general Clavering , or major Tonyn ; 689 the thing was absolutely impossible . He agreed with his right honourable friend , that a blindness and an indisposition to make themselves acquainted with unpleasant truths were the characteristics of many men high in office , but that could never be admitted as a justification of a breach or neglect of duty in a public officer . He had thought , from what had fallen from the right hon . gent , opposite , that the only objection to the measure proposed from his side of the house , was , that it had not been sufficiently distinct ; and after the transactions of the last night , he felt it impossible to give a vote for any motion that carried an equivocal meaning ; but he thought , nay , he was convinced , that the house would do justice to itself , that it would assert its credit and its honour ; and that was principally to be effected by dealing fairly with the public . The right hon . gent , now asserted , that there were no grounds for further proceedings , if his Resolution should be agreed to ; but if there were no grounds for further proceedings , what was to become of the necessity the house was under , according to his argument , to come to a direct decision , Aye or No , Guilty or Not Guilty , unless it was meant that the house was only to be allowed to find for the acquittal I He was aware that the right hon . gent , had frequently changed his motions , not that he would impute to him the design of catching thereby a few more votes , but that it had arisen from accidental changes in his opinions . It was impossible for him to vote for the Resolution of the right hon . gent , and it would be improper for the house to vote any words of equivocal or ambiguous meaning . The public expected that they should do their duty fairly and openly , and the house , he was sure , would do itself credit by proving to the public that it performed its duty , plainly , honestly , and uprightly . He could not shut it out from the house , that to vote for the Resolution would preclude them from any proceeding , which would have the effect of securing the public from the future recurrence of such abuses . The right hon . gent . no doubt , might say , that there was another bead , that of improper influence , under which a Resolution of censure might afterwards be brought forward ; but no such thing had been proposed by the right hon . gentleman . But if the right hon . gent , did not think that his royal highness had been guilty of corruption or connivance , the proceeding he proposed was one of the most 690 unjust description towards his royal high , ness . After the