I am prepared to bring a mind as unbiassed , and a judgment as little tinctured by prejudice , as that of my honourable friend himself , or of any man who agrees with him in opinion . Let us he moral , be censorious , be severe , if we think it necessary ; but let us first be just . So far from this ( the obvious and only regular ) course of proceeding , precluding ulterior consideration , we know , to a certainty , that when this first and principal question shall have been decided , we shall have the opportunity of discussing the o her points separately , in their turn . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Bragge Bathurst ) has a resolution to propose , which will bring this subject fully under our view ; which will call upon us to pronounce a distinct opinion as to the degree of blame attaching to the conduct of his royal highness the Duke of York , independently of the graver charges , and after they shall have been disposed of . Undoubtedly the course proposed by the right hon . gent , is the true practical course to be adopted by the house . I shall differ with him as to his resolution , indeed , in its present form : but his course is right . If there is to be censure , that censure is more fitly to be expressed in a resolution than in an address ; and for this reason , that there , indeed , you do spare the feelings of the Father , ( as some gentlemen profess it to be their wish to do , even in this amended Address , ) not by carrying up an Address to the throne , respectful in its form , but stabbing to the heart in its contents ; not by desiring the Father to form his own judg- 608 ment on the imputed misconduct of his son , but by keeping , as we have a right to do , that decision in our own hands , and pronouncing our own judgment on a matter of our own cognizance and jurisdiction . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Bathurst ) who is to propose this resolution , tells us that it is not his intention that it should produce the removal of the Commander in Chief front his office . I certainly think that , if such a resolution as he has in contemplation should be carried , the Duke of York 's removal is pronounced . But even so , the course of the proceeding is right . The mode of resolution is the fit mode for conveying a censure , the effect of which is to be removal . But in any case , in all cases , in any or in all modes of proceeding , this question of acquittal or condemnation upon the greater charges must take place , and must , in justice , precede even the examination of the less criminal matter of enquiry . To this justice , I say , the Duke of York , in common with every accused person , is entitled . `` Oh , ( but it is said , ) those only are entitled to this justice , who have not , by their own act , disinherited themselves of the rights and privileges of the British constitution . '' The Commander in Chief , it seems , has done this : he has written a letter , sir , through you , to this house , in which he has presumed to dictate to the house the mode of proceeding , and contumaciously to assert his innocence , and call for trial . True , sir , he has written a letter : he has , in that letter , not dictated , but taken for granted , the same course of justice , in his own case , which is applicable , and is uniformly applied , to all his fellow-subjects , tie has asserted his innocence . If that be