of the house . But the right hon . gentleman was mistaken , if he supposed that the public could be induced to think so , or to be satisfied with such a line of proceeding . When there were two distinct questions properly before the house , why should the right hon . gentleman call upon gentlemen to give a simple Aye or No upon the whole . It was not dealing fairly by the Duke of York or the house to do so . It was something like saying to the Duke of York `` we will let you off easy , '' but not giving him even the chance of an honourable acquittal.—The right hon . gentlemen , by forcing the house to say something distinct and positive , were exposing the Duke of York to pain and injury , and , therefore , he regretted their conduct ; for his royal highness was entitled to regard , not merely from his rank and connexion , but from the kindness and good nature ascribed to his character , and which , as far us lie had occasion to know his royal highness , he thought really belonging to him . Indeed he fully agreed with an hon . member on a former night , that no person could be more pleasant and agreeable to communicate with than the Duke of York , and of course he would with the utmost reluctance take any step that was likely to give him pain . But he had a great and important duty to perform—to take care that a high public office , peculiarly essential to the public safety , should not be filled by a discredited or incapable person . All that respected this description of duty , the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer kept entirely out of view . He would call upon the house for a distinct acquittal respecting the charge of corruption ; but it did not seem his intention ( nay , he believed it was not ) to submit any proposition upon the other parts of the case . He should have preferred an Address to a Resolution upon the whole , because the acquittal , which alone the Chancellor of the Exchequer appeared to have in view , might be incorporated with other sentiments , which he and others , who thought with him , entertained upon this subject . If , indeed , the Chancellor of the Exchequer succeeded in his plan —if after all that had gone abroad—after the manner in which this business had been every where discussed—after the heated mind , the angry sentiment that prevailed —after hearing or seeing a decision one way or the other from every mouth that spoke , 650 and every pen that wrote upon the subject , was it to be maintained that that house alone should be precluded from declaring an opinion upon the whole of this extraordinary case ; that , except with regard to personal corruption , nothing of decision should be expressed by that house ? Was such the way in which the house of commons proposed to do its duty , and to satisfy public opinion ? He hoped he was as little the slave of public opinion as any man , but he would not hesitate to declare , that were he to follow the course chalked out by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , which fell so far short of public expectation , he would be ashamed to look the public or his constituents in the face . The course thus prescribed by the Chancellor of the Exchequer was objectionable in his judgment , not only for the reasons he had mentioned , but because it proposed to go too far one way , while it would not go far enough another . It , in fact , not only did not propose the removal of the Duke of York from his office , but in effect requested his majesty to continue the Duke of York in office , while it expressed a hope that he would follow the example of his illustrious