which loudly , and imperiously , demand instant reform ? If we contemplate the task with firmness and resolution , if we undertake it with sincerity , and in that spirit with which it ought to be prosecuted , the country will be gradually drawn back to the state from which it has incontrovertibly been declining ; and the day on which this reformation is commenced by voting an address to his Majesty for the removal of the Duke of York from the head of the army , may be turned into the most triumphant day that England has ever seen . Sir , the right honourable Secretary , ( whose speech had great merit ; although it was susceptible of one improvement , for it might have been contrived to touch , however slightly , on the question in debate , ) thought proper , to designate an hon . friend of mine by the title of `` landed grandee . '' Sir , my learned friend , Mr. Adam , in enumerating the different forms by which , according to their different situations , it is customary in 706 speaking , to describe members of this house , did not mention the term `` landed grandee . '' It was invented for the occasion , and I do not apprehend that it was intended as a compliment . I am not aware that the situation of the right hon . gent , justifies him in the selection of sarcastic appellations . He has however described a class of gentlemen who used formerly to be called , country gentlemen . And it is remarkable , that the speeches on one side of this great question , have been principally delivered by these `` landed grandees '' of the house . From the different professions which are to be found amongst the members of the house of commons , with very few exceptions , besides the striking one of my gallant friend ( gen. Ferguson ) we have had no assistance . I am , however , most certain that the high and sincere estimation in which my hon . friend ( Mr. Coke ) who was so designated by the right hon . gent. , is universally held , is not inferior to that of any man , in any rank or condition of life . I will not , I can not be angry with the right hon . gentleman for the opportunity which he has thus afforded me of expressing my high respect and unfeigned regard for my hon . friend , who has so just a sense of the real foundation on which his grandeur rests , that he will never exchange his revered name for any title it is in the power of his majesty to confer . I may here venture , to express an opinion which I have long entertained , that nothing is more prejudicial to the real interest of the kingdom , than the frequent transfer of these `` landed grandees '' into the higher house of parliament , in which they instantly lose all their grandeur ; and the constitution its most powerful supporters . It has been at times objected to me that I wished to be made a lord . Sir , I have neither wish for , nor pretensions to such an honour . I could have no consequence but as a commoner . If advancement to honours without the achievement of any act to deserve them were viewed by all persons as it is by me , we should not have had any increase in the number of those whom it is now our duty to speak of as worthy baronets in this house . It was well said by a sovereign , who had , at his request , raised a merchant of great eminence to the rank of noble , that after his elevation he could no longer treat him with the marks of regard and attention , of which he had before been lavish towards him . He had honoured him as the first of one class of citizens , as the lowest