the extent of Mrs. C. 's debts . If you once suppose the existence of the conspiracy , and that the Duke was a party to it , how is it probable that there should have been any distress for money , when there was a mill for making it continually at work ? There were then in the army as many as ten or eleven thousand officers ; numerous changes were going on every day in the year ; and such is always the eagerness for promotion , that there never could exist a deficiency of persons ready to give ample premiums above the regulated price . Where then would have been the difficulty , through the management of I such a woman as Mrs. C , with her subordinate agents , to gratify her vanity and extravagance to the utmost , and to relieve her from the pressure of her pecuniary embarrassments ? Another presumption in favour of the Duke fairly arises out of the manner in which he entered into the investigation of Mrs. C. 's conduct . For this purpose he employed Mr. Lowten , a gentleman of well-known character for professional abilities ; and though the result of his enquiry seems to have related only to credit which Mrs. C. had obtained from tradesmen , by an im- 43 proper use of the Duke 's name , yet can it be supposed , that if the Duke was really conscious of any foul practices which might naturally come to light in the course of this investigation , he would not have stifled the enquiry at the outset , rather than commit it to a person of so much acuteness and assiduity , and expose himself thereby to immediate detection ? Above all , if so conscious , would he have ventured to discard Mrs. C , to withdraw her annuity , to irritate her to the utmost , and to set all her threats at defiance ? It is another , and an obvious ground of presumption , that if the Commander in Chief had been any way disposed to corrupt practices , he would himself have been surrounded by corrupt agents . But had he not , on the contrary , fenced himself round , as it were , against the acts of designing men , by such characters as gen. Brownrigg , col. Loraine , and . the rest of his staff , too well known to need enumeration ? Let gentlemen reflect upon the high honour and integrity of col. Gordon , and the intimate confidence reposed in him by h. r. h. , and let me entreat them to remark the particular time when this gentleman , the avowed enemy of armybrokers , was appointed his secretary , and chosen , I may say , to be his bosom friend , and the observer of all his actions . It was in the middle of the year 1804 , shortly after the very period at which the Duke is charged with having commenced his nefarious traffic . Let me ask , then , whether this is reconcileable to any principle of human conduct ? and whether , if the Duke 's views had been dishonourable , or had required concealment , he would ever have selected such an adviser , or would , particularly at that moment , have placed this upright and watchful guard so near his person ? I fear that I have omitted several points , but my endeavour has been to investigate this case , without fear or affection , exactly as I would have done that of the meanest individual brought before me in my own court . It may perhaps be imputed to me , that I have some wish to conciliate the favour of the crown . Against such imputations I can only say , that if gentlemen will consider my years , and my peculiar circumstances , I believe they will find very few who have so little to hope , and so little to fear , on this side of the grave . It is indeed beyond it that I have been