formerly attempted , without success . He should hope that there were none capable of the meanness of endeavouring to do that indirectly , which they had not the courage of doing openly and avowedly . As to popular clamour , which had been so much alluded to , he must confess that there was no one who held it in greater contempt than he did ; but there was evidently a difference between popular clamour and public opinion . What , he would ask , were the sentiments of the thinking , the observing , and the most enlightened part of the community ? Were they not such as had been represented , and ought not the house more or less to support that opinion ? It was argued that the public were just as capable of forming a correct opinion and judgment of the case before them as the house could do , it being clearly a matter of evidence ; but that he should deny , because it was well known that that evidence had been very incorrectly stated , not , perhaps , wilfully so , nor partially , but merely incorrectly , on account of the numerous inconveniences and laborious duties to which reporters were subjected . Those who had attended to the evidence as it was adduced at the bar , were certainly therefore much more capable of forming a correct judgment , than the public could do out of doors . It was only after the most attentive reading of the whole of that evidence , that he had been able to form an opinion upon any particular part of it ; and he certainty thought , that upon an occasion of this kind , every member of the house of commons was bound to act upon his own conviction , and not listen , nor he guided by public opinion , and far less by popular clamour . Notwithstanding these corrupt 735 practices that existed , he was convinced that no appointments had been made by his royal highness except of men of merit . He should , therefore , most decidedly dissent from the Amendment of the noble lord . Worded as it was , nothing on earth could induce him to consent to it , but he had no objection to agree with the Resolution of his right hon . friend . acquitted the Duke of York of corruption , but he thought he had permitted a profligate interference which was now known in the remotest corners of the British dominions , and he would vote for the Resolution . was at first doubtful whether he should support the Resolution or the Amendment , but he now rather preferred the Amendment . The Duke of York had certainly displayed a great laxity of principle , in cases not immediately connected with his official situation , as in those of Kennett and O'Meara , and on these he wished to express an opinion . As his royal highness had resigned , he would content himself with voting for the Amendment , but wished the word 'now ' to be struck out . Sir ; Lassata et satiata as the house must necessarily be with all debate on the subject of the late enquiries , I must however press myself upon your notice , in order that I may state the grounds upon which I shall vote for the Amendment which has been proposed by my noble friend , behind me ( lord Althorpe ) in a speech as free from all affectation as it was full of ability . To have voted for the Resolution of the right hon . gentleman ( Mr. Bathurst ) I should have found quite impossible . From the known gravity of the right hon . gentleman who lately spoke ( Mr. Hiley Addington , ) and from the imposing manner in which he addressed the house , I can not suppose he meant any thing jocose upon so serious a subject : yet I confess , I had some difficulty in determining whether he intended to be serious , or ironieal , when he said