and consider it as an honour , to wait upon princes , and applied that , to the condition of a foot-boy in the house of the mistress of the D. of Y. , who is proved to have gone behind her carriage , and to have done all the work of a menial servant ; it will be well if such an overstrained defence does not excite additional prejudice against the person in question ; at best such reasoning can only create a smile . But , sir , take the case as it is . It does not in my mind at all operate against the D. of Y . It is not of that unseemly character of actions , into 196 which many , before upright and independent , have been betrayed , when once they have laid their heads in the laps of those Dalilahs , where so many Samsons have been shorn of their strength . The learned judge will perceive , that I do not feel it necessary to press this instance into the service , to prop a falling cause . I will admit , that it is honourable to the D. of Y. ; and the Chancellor of the Exchequer has declared , that if one trait that has been disclosed , can in the slightest degree retrieve the infamy of Mrs. C. 's character , it is her conduct towards Samuel Carter . He will not be surprized , that I should go a little further , and consider her conduct towards Samuel Carter , as meritorious , and generous . The affectionate and natural effusions of gratitude , contained in the letters written to her by Samuel Carter , could not have been addressed to a person incapable of acts of kindness and humanity . Sir , I think the right hon . gent . might have added to this trait , respecting Carter , the behaviour of Mrs. Clarke towards captain Sutton , the reputed father of Samuel Carter . How severe a satire did she pass , in the short uncontradicted history she gave of the life and death of that gallant officer of artillery ! He had sung to the gay , and revelled with the great ; he had been the welcome guest of every festive board ; the esteemed friend of princes ! But when the spirits ebbed , and the voice was no longer tuneful , whilst disease slowly dragged him to an early grave , he lingered and died in poverty and neglect ; a debtor to the kindness and bounty of Mrs. C. alone . Sir , I feel it a duty enjoined by every principle of justice , as well as of humanity , to express my anxious hope that nothing which has passed in this house may injure the fortune of the young man : for he appears to have conducted himself with unimpeached propriety of conduct . I should be deeply grieved if his continuance or advancement in the army should be rendered incompatible with his feelings . Speaking in this house , and looking at those who in this Country have risen to power , Nam fulgente trahit constrictos gloria curru Non minus ignotos generosis . Knowing how much the country is benefitted by open competition for honours , I may venture to hope the liberality of the British army will convince them , that , however justly the pride of ancestry may be felt , high birth is not an 197 indispensible requisite in the profession of arms . The generals of the French emperor , himself a mart of birth comparatively obscure , have been uniformly selected for their merit without regard to their extraction or former occupations . With what ability they have executed the commands entrusted to them , is but too well known throughout Europe . Sir , the former low situation of Carter would have been no impediment to his rising to the highest military rank in the army of France : I confidently hope that the officers of that of England will not deem it necessary to alter their conduct towards