or of the acceptance of resignation . In submitting the Resolution which I am about to propose , it will not be my wish to detain the time of the house by entering into all the observations which I was led to make on a former night , nor to recapitulate all the arguments which I then stated . Neither , Sir , do I consider it necessary to enter into many arguments at this time , for the purpose of shewing how and in what manner the evidence justifies the Resolution proposed . If any blame attach to another quarter from adopting it , I would only wish that gentlemen will not suppose the stigma rises out of my Resolution , but proceeds from those facts which have transpired in the course of the evidence . And surely there can be no impropriety , since the house has been examining into the origin of the complaints made , and has found it to exist in a connexion , which even his royal highness laments himself , that they should come to a determination of expressing their disapprobation of what they are convinced has taken place . Disapprobation , on the ground of morality alone , would not perhaps justify calling for the interference of the House of Commons . I am not aware , after having paid great attention to the formation of the present Resolution , that it contains any thing whatever , which is not borne out by the evidence . His royal highness 's resigna- 717 tion certainly precludes much more being said upon the subject . I shall only consider it necessary to desire the house will duly appreciate one important consideration . We ought , on a question like the present , to come to some final Resolution , so that our journals may shew we have done our duty . The house , Sir , on its Journals , has acquitted this illustrious personage of all criminality in respect to corruption or connivance , but he is not acquitted of irregularity and negligence . How will it be in regard to our proceedings , if we do not get quit of the subject before the house by a proposition of this description ? Why , here is a letter of the Duke of York , on our Journals , declaring his royal highness 's in nocence ; here is also a communication made this day , and yet there is not any thing on our Journals to save this illustrious personage from condemnation . For although he is declared to be innocent of criminality , as far as connivance and corruption extend , yet there is other evidence which fully imputes to him the charge of irregularity and negligence . It was , Sir , with great pain , I considered myself called upon , early in the debate , to make a proposition of the nature of this I am about to submit to the sober consideration of this house . I know there are others who view this question differently from myself , who are more violent , who are much dissatisfied with what has already been done , and who altogether entertain opposite sentiments to my own ; for I can assure the house , I have , from the first , if not impelled by duty , felt an objection in inviting parliament to form their opinion on the conduct of this royal personage . But persuaded in what way I am bound to discharge my duty on the question I would impress upon the house , I see no reason why they should not come to this Resolution , although the illustrious personage has thought proper to resign . This , Sir , I contend , ought to be their conduct , because a great cause is at issue , the cause of justice between two parties of important consequence , between the public on one side , and this illustrious personage on the other , and this house ought to decide . I do not in the mean time believe a more judicious decision can be come