of evidence which would , in old times , have rendered a jury , if they had given a verdict against it , liable to a writ of attaint . To oppose to all this , there was no defence , or such a defence as only strengthened the charge . The learned gentlemen had caught at straws and hairs , and with the cunning of the profession had dwelt only upon trifles , leaving the essential parts of the charges altogether untouched . They had produced no evidence , when it would have been easy for them to do so , to rebut the testimony against the Duke . A learned judge , he mentioned it only to show the shifts and tricks of learned gentlemen in a bad cause , a learned judge ( Burton ) , who spoke early in this debate , after many elaborate observations upon other trifling matters , dwelt for near half an hour on the testimony of Mrs. Favourite , to prove she was not entitled to credit ; But what necessity for this ? Whoever asserted she was ? The hon . member who brought forward these 391 charges had too much sense to rest any thing upon her testimony ; he never once mentioned her name . Why , who ever thought of believing Mrs. Favourite ? Who ever expected her to speak truth ? He hardly knew how she came there ; but supposed she was summoned by the gentlemen on the other side ; but she had a sort of patent place for lying , and she lied like a lady 's maid . What then ? nothing depended upon it , and her name was never mentioned except by the learned judge . Nothing then , he said , remained for a show of defence , except the character of h. r. h. the D. of Y. : and here he could not help lamenting the injudiciousness of the defence , which imposed upon him , and compelled him to so painful a part of his duty as he had to perform in answering that part of the case . Since the famous bill of exclusion of the Duke of York , afterwards James II. , from the throne , a more import ant question than the present had perhaps never been discussed in that house , and involving in its discussion so essentially the character of a prince . He said , again , he trusted the scandalous proscription and fate of the supporters of that measure would not on this occasion deter any member of that house from honestly performing his duty to his country . In this great question , the rank and birth of the D. of Y. , though great in themselves , sunk into nothing . It was not the D. of Y. , but the justice of England , which was to be considered : whether or no every man in the country should or should not be impressed with a belief of its existence in the land , depended upon their opinion of the uprightness of their decision . We had had opposed to this the 'honour of a prince . ' He answered ; the honour of the king , the honour of the nation , the honour of the throne , the fountain of justice , whose streams are not to be polluted or obstructed by any consideration so slight as the honour of a prince , appeared before them : that which demanded their consideration was the justice of England , —the people of England expected justice at the hands of their representatives . ( Hear ! hear ! hear ! ) Much had been said to warn members against being swayed by popular influence . He admitted this to be a case to be determined without looking to the right or to the left ; without any regard or consideration but of justice alone : but he could not help observing , that of all unnecessary warnings , that appeared to him to be the 392 most so : for he did think that ,