principle alone , he hoped the house would be guided on the present occasion . said , that unless the noble lord distinctly stated the reason of this proceeding , he would take the sense of the house upon it . rose and spoke to the following effect : — Mr. Speaker ; I am fully aware of the difficulty of the situation in which I am placed ; but I shall not trouble the house with many words before I proceed to examine the evidence which has been taken at the Bar , as well as the written documents on the table ; and to comment upon those parts to which I shall have particularly to refer . My leading object from the opening of this important 4 business to the present moment , has been to obtain a fair and cool investigation of the charges I thought it my duty to bring forward against h. r. h. the Commander in Chief . I have endeavoured to avoid every thing likely to cause irritation in the progress of the enquiry , and in that course I shall most rigidly persevere . However I may feel hurt , that motives highly injurious to my character , and not more injurious than false , have been indirectly attributed to me as the grounds of my proceedings , and though I may also have thought that in the early stage of the enquiry I was harshly treated , still , sir , on these points I shall make no comment , but at once proceed to a more pleasant task , that of offering my thanks where I feel them due . To the House for all the indulgence I met with during the arduous investigation . To his majesty 's ministers for the attention which they paid to my request , when exhausted by fatigue both of mind and body , in an early stage of the enquiry , I applied for one day 's respite from my labours . To my hon . friend below me ( Mr. Whitbread ) for the manly support he afforded me at a moment when I did indeed stand much in want of it , I know not how to express my obligation ! Under such a shield I sat at naught the various shafts that were levelled at me , and proceeded in conscious security . Indisposition unfortunately deprived me of the able assistance of an hon . and worthy baronet ( sir Francis Burdett ) who early took up the cause . I feel equally obliged to him , though I lament the loss of his great abilities . Of my noble friend ( lord Folkestone ) I know not how to speak . In the early stage of this important enquiry , he not only rendered me every assistance his zeal and great talents could command , but voluntarily committed himself with me as a direct party in the proceedings , and this too at a time when the danger and difficulty of the undertaking was the only theme on both sides of the House , and when public odium was held out as likely to fall on me . Vain would it be for me to say how much I feel indebted for his powerful exertions ; the country , I trust , will do ample justice to his manly conduct , and appreciate the merits of his true patriotism . To many other friends I feel also much indebted . That h. r. h. the duke of York has been most ably defended , I rejoice . If his majesty 's ministers and the crown lawyers thought it their duty to do so , they have acted most openly , 5 which does them honour , at least it will convince the public that nothing has been left undone in the defence to reader it effectual . But the representatives of the people ought as religiously to maintain the rights of the people , as the servants of the king do those of the crown . There is one consideration which I trust the house will not be insensible