question is , whether we shall or shall not believe Mrs. C , it amounts in my mind absolutely to nothing . I am speaking only for myself , other gentlemen have a right to think differently from me , but if this were a case of life and death , I should leave this sort of contradiction wholly out of my mind , So help me God ! Sir , I perceive marks of surprize in the countenances , and I hear it testified by the acclamations of the gentlemen on the other side of the house , at what I have now said . I am speaking only for myself , and showing how my mind has been , brought to the belief of the facts alledged . I will repeat the sentiment : and I declare , that the evidence given by Nicholls , Reid , and his waiter , all put together , would not weigh one feather with me , in a case of life and death , towards inducing me to disbelieve the testimony of Mrs. Clarke . Let us for the sake of common sense , common candour , and common honesty , call to our remembrance the earlier period of our to how many will it have occurred to have made a wife by name , of her who was no wife at all ? 185 We really ought to dispose of that point , by the bare recollection of past scenes , and the wanderings of our youthful days . As to the evidence of Mr. Few the auctioneer , the learned judge did not lay much stress upon it . Mr. Few told us , that in ordering some goods Mrs. C. talked of her late husband , and that her servant had once told him , upon his perceiving a cocked hat on the sopha , in her house , that her mistress was a gay young widow , and had lately been at a masquerade . Mr. Few not having been paid punctually , pursued her with great acrimony , he advertised and exposed her ; but finally , she did , notwithstanding her coverture , satisfy his demand . Again I say , if this were a case of life and death , I would not discard the testimony of Mrs. C , upon the evidence of Mr. Few . Mrs. Clarke acknowledged that she had in moments of levity called herself a widow , and that she had once represented herself to be so to a Mr. Sutton at a court martial . Mr. Sutton was called to prove that she had sworn she was a widow . That attempt failed . Mr. Sutton 's evidence did not even go so far as her own statement . She said she had represented herself as a widow . He did not re-collect that she so described herself . He rather thinks Mr. Smithies her solicitor so described her , but he is quite sure , and indeed the minutes of the court martial , where Mr. Sutton acted as deputy judge advocate , shew it , that she did not swear that she was a widow. , and that no question was ever put to her , whether she was a widow or a wife . Here the whole of the case rested on the part of the learned gentleman ; and from the testimony which I have examined , he told us , Mrs. C. had been so contradicted , that she was not worthy of belief . Let the house determine with what justice . Sir , the situation of those who have heard the evidence delivered vivâ voce by the witnesses , differs materially from the situation of such as have only had the opportunity of reading it . The demeanour of a witness , and the manner in which the evidence is delivered , may fairly be taken as a part of the evidence itself . The manner and demeanour of examiners must also be taken into the account . Harrassing peevishness on the one side , may beget corresponding feelings on the