that nothing had been done to inflame the minds of the country ; he denied it ; he knew they were inflamed , and he felt it his duty to the house to tell them , while he was able , that he had been used with severity ; that he had received a number of anonymous letters , calling him a black-hearted fellow , and this thing , that thing , and t'other thing . ( Loud laughing . ) He spoke this to the 674 gentlemen opposite , who excited the populace to clamour ; there was nothing worse ; it was very bad . Once , when he spoke his sentiments upon this business , he thought one of them would have knocked him down ( Laughing ) . Those gentlemen , when they found popular clamour was high against the Duke of York , then they took part against him , and began talking about corruption . Every shabby fellow would talk about corruption . He would never give his vote to criminate the Duke of York upon suspicion , which would make him run away as if he had a harpoon stuck in him ( Loud laughing. ) . His royal highness was a great military character , arid under him the army of this country had flourished . They had talked about a threat of dissolution ; why , it was not the dissolution at the last day ; if there was a dissolution of parliament , he did not fear but his constituents would again elect him . He thought the house ought to take notice of the insults he had received ; if such insults were thrown out to members of Parliament , it should be made a misdemeanour ; and those who did not like England , damn ' em , let them leave it . [ On this last expression much confusion took place in the house , and it was followed by loud cries of `` Order , order ! Chair , chair ! ] Mr. Fuller said he had heard the expression given as a toast , and did not think it was disorderly ; at all events , he did not mean it to be so . He should vote against the amendment . supported the Amendment . began by begging the permission of the house , to state the motives that had influenced , and continued to influence his conduct , in these most important discussions . He was too sensible of the value of their time to obstrude himself for more than a few minutes upon their attention : he said , that without further preface , he had no hesitation in declaring , that from the most attentive consideration , he had been able to give to the evidence upon the table , in his opinion the accusation of personal corruption , or of criminal connivance in corrupt practices , had not been proved against the Commander in Chief.— He would state very shortly and distinctly the reasons upon which he had arrived at that conclusion.—He professed himself unable to rely upon the testimony of the principal evidence adduced in support of the accusation : he did not insist solely upon the circumstance of Mrs. Clarke appearing 675 as a discarded mistress , and acting in some degree under the impression of revenge and resentment , not merely upon her character as an accomplice , not on account merely of her having fallen into some contradictions , and not having discovered that rigid adherence to truth which is expected in a witness ; not solely , which , however , was very important , that she had continued a scandalous traffic in places and commissions , after she had ceased to be under the protection of the Duke , and nearly to the very period at which she appeared at the bar ; but a combination of all these concurrent circumstances rendered her testimony in the highest degree questionable and insecure . By very few persons her evidence had been upheld as uncontradictory , but by some it had been contended that though some