she went and paid the debt to Mr. Few . This was the honour of a woman supposed by some , on account of her situation , to be devoid of all good ; here was an act of pure honour , no legal claim , no possible compulsion , nothing but her own honesty , honour , and sense of justice , no hope , thought , or wish even that it could be made known . Here then is a complete act of honour on the part of Mrs. C , and he wished that a parallel instance could be produced on that of the D. of Y. H. r. h. 's honour , ' the honour of a Prince , 'rose from this discussion , like Banquo 's ghost , 'with ' twenty mortal gashes on its head ; ' each one a death to reputation . The next case that attracted his attention was that of Kennett , and it had this in it particular , that it indisputably proved itself ; the documents were full and convincing ; and a gross and flagrant act of corruption it undoubtedly was . This had nothing to do with Mrs. C. 's testimony , and could not be covered by railing at the witnesses ; it might , indeed , be disposed of like Dr. O'Meara 's , by saying it had no reference to military matters , but this would never satisfy either the house or the country . All the cases had a mutual bearing upon one another ; they could not be considered , as the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had chosen to represent them , as 387 separate and standing alone , it was the whole together which the house bad to determine upon ; it was such a variety of facts and evidence coming from different quarters , all rushing irresistibly to one point . From this case of Kennett it appeared that the D. of Y. was actuated by a greedy desire of getting money , by any means ; he accordingly undertook to recommend this man of infamous character , a fraudulent bankrupt , to an office under government , for the sake of a loan . The documents as to this case were complete , and were alone sufficient to call for the decision of the house against the D. of Y. : was there not complete proof , that , in order to obtain a loan of money , the Duke condescended to write to Mr. Pitt , to obtain for this worthless and contaminated man a place , as the price for procuring for h. r. h. the money to assist him in his present exigency ? ( Hear ! hear ! ) Do you not call this corruption ; direct , plain , pecuniary corruption ? and if so , can you maintain that it is not proved against h. r. h. ? The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , who denied that Mrs. C. had any influence with the D. of Y. , also asserted that there never was so little corruption in any country as in this at this time . He seemed to think the reign of Saturn and the golden times were returned , or that we had recovered our primitive state of innocence as before the fall : that we were in Paradise regained . The gentlemen who could believe the one proposition might easily believe the other , but he must beg leave to deny both . All the learned members of that house agreed with the Chancellor of the Exchequer ; they seemed to consider money and corruption as synonymous terms ; but in this , as in all other parts of this case , he hoped to be able to show how egregiously mistaken all the learned gentlemen were . He knew not the reason , but it did appear that there was something in that house fatal to lawyers : whether there was something in the air , or what it was he could not tell , but in that house