solely on a letter lately received by that house from h. r. h. , and of which letter he could not persuade himself to approve . What , was it because the D. of Y. had thought proper , in that letter , to express `` regret that a connection should ever have existed , which had thus exposed his character and honour to public animadversion , '' that that house should express a confident expectation , as the address of his right hon . friend stated it , that , `` on the expression of h. r. h. 's regret , that house was confident , that h. r. h. will keep in view the uniformly virtuous and exemplary conduct of his majesty , since the commencement of his reign , and which has endeared his majesty to all his subjects ? '' It was evident , from the depositions , that though nothing appeared to implicate the D. of Y. in the charges of personal corruption , yet Mrs. C. had applied to h. r. h. upon the subject of military promotions ; and that , instead of being repelled , or receiving a warning not to meddle with such business in future , her applications had been most graciously attended to . If this circumstance did not , as it certainly did not , amount to a proof of personal corruption , he would ask any man whether the encouragement of such interference on the part of such a woman did not tend directly to corruption ? Indeed the actual existence of this corruption had been clearly proved , and the direct interference of Mrs. C. in military promotions was most manifest from the letter respecting the application of gen. Clavering . For though his right hon . friend had endeavoured , in a very able and ingenious speech , to impress the house with an opinion , that the words of the Duke 's letter to Mrs. C , referring to gen. Clavering might be , or were , merely an answer on the part of h. r. h. to an application for information with regard to the rumoured design of raising new regiments , and by no means involved any interference or request upon the subject of mili- 157 tary promotion ; was it possible , he should ask , that his right hon . friend , before he attempted to inforce such an opinion , could have read the whole of the letter alluded to ? What were the words quoted by his right hon . friend ? His attention had been confined to this sentence , `` Clavering is mistaken , my angel , in thinking that any new regiments are to be raised ; it is not intended , only second battalions to existing corps . '' But what immediately follows ? `` You had better , therefore , tell him so , and that you were sure , that there would be no use in applying for him . '' Could any one mistake the meaning of this sentence ? And after reading it could any one assert , that Mrs. C. had not interfered and exercised influence with the D. of Y. in the subject of military promotions ? This letter rendered the thing obvious and glaring ; and how was the army to feel under such circumstances ; how were its interests , respectability and consequence consulted , when a general officer found it expedient to make an application to such a woman upon a military subject ? When such an officer had done so , was it not fair to infer that others had likewise made such applications—nay , was it not in proof before the house that the fact was so ? With respect to the character of the witnesses that had been brought forward , he contended , that however suspicious that character , however they might be justly accused of being at least accomplices in the crime which they professed to expose , yet when their testimony was corroborated by indisputable documents , it ought unquestionably to have its due weight . When he considered