and the hon . gent , alters the state of the objection in order to prepare it for his answer . It Was urged , and I am very sure the hon . gent. , from the diligence of his attention , must have satisfied himself , that Mr. Dowler , if he does not contradict himself , is contradicted by the admitted facts in the case ; and that he is contradict in important parts of his evidence ; and in this form only was the objection to his credit stated . I observed upon this objection , perhaps somewhat out of place , while I was commenting upon the contradictions given to Mrs. C , and therefore I shall not at this late hour detain the house much further upon it . That Mr. Dowler and Mrs. C. wished to deceive the House into a belief that they had no opportunity of communicating together upon the subject of this enquiry , is evident . With this view , although they had past the first night after his arrival and part of the next day together , he endeavours to mislead the house by stating in effect that he had seen her but once ; 257 that he obtained a knowledge of her residence merely by seeing her direction in the newspapers ; and that he went to her only for the purpose of persuading her not to make use of his name . To me this is not an unimportant fact ! It is an artful misrepresentation in which both concur for the purpose of imposing upon the house , and it casts a slur upon the credit of both ; but it is said that his account is supported by the absence of all evidence to disprove it ; that if the appointment was not procured , as he represents , the recommendations which obtained it , might have been produced . You have recourse to the records of office and to the evidence of many secretaries and under secretaries of the Treasury ; and why , it is tauntingly asked , after proving every thing of this sort in all the other cases by regular official documents , do not you prove it by the same means in this ? This argument proceeds altogether upon the omission of a material fact which was fully proved in the case . The office of commissary passes through the Treasury . No record is kept there of recommendations to such offices , and therefore none could be produced , or referred to . In all the other cases , the appointment passes through the office of the Commander in Chief ; in that office a record of the recommendations is regularly preserved ; and in each case therefore it has been produced and found perfect . Observe , how artfully this case is selected . It is more than probable that Mr. Dowler owed his appointment to the disinterested application of sir Brook Watson . He has himself said that he did so , and this , if untrue , was a dangerous assertion , when made , as it was open to immediate contradiction ; but now all is safe : sir Brook Watson , Mr. Pitt , Mr. Dowler 's father , all are dead , and with them all possibility of direct contradiction is at an end . I can not , under these circumstances , act upon the credit of Mr. Dowler 's testimony . I can not help suspecting a witness who has such a horror of corruption , except where it is practised for his own benefit . Even if you believe him , his evidence goes not a step towards fixing the charge of corruption , which we are now considering , upon the D. of Y . His knowledge of the supposed bribe to Mrs. C , still rests upon her evidence alone . All that Mr. Dowler says may be true , and the Duke may have been wholly ignorant of it ; but I confess it appears to me more probable , that the money was paid upon a