by the mere testimony of words , and these not corroborated . Here the testimony was that of an accomplice , backed by a good witness , of words which were corroborated . If , then , it were said there were no grounds for entertaining this accusation , it would be against every decision in the courts of law ; it would go to say , that every verdict was unjust , and every execution a murder . He had heard the popular feelings were high on this occasion , and he believed it ; he was led to believe it from the habits of the people : they were , nurtured in strong and exalted notions of freedom—they were also exercised in discriminating—the Trial by Jury was to them a practical lesson by which they were taught to judge of the evidence in the present case , and come to a sound decision , as to the verdict that should be founded upon it . He would much rather have been allowed to meet the original Resolution with a direct negative , but since the Amendment had been proposed , however painful a duty it was to him , he would support it . He thanked the house sincerely for the indulgence with which they had honoured him , and hoped he had not abused it ( hear ! hear ! ) did not approve of the hon . gent/s idea of passing a general ambiguous censure on the Duke , as the uninformed would apply the censure where it ought not to be applied ; he would wish the house to consult its dignity , and not hastily blast an illustrious character by such 673 a procedure . He expressed his astonishment at the Amendment proposed by the hon . bart. , since it went to stigmatize , generally , the character of his royal highness , and did not point out to what definite part of his conduct it referred . This general charge , too , was founded on testimony of the loosest nature ; and he must say , that if greater latitude of examination was given in that house than in a court of law , jet here a stricter scrutiny into the character of the witnesses was requisite . He should not derogate from the duty he owed to the public , and he trusted , that the house would take care its character should not be blasted by a wrong decision upon such loose evidence ; for the evidence at their bar must be loose compared with that in a court of Jaw . Here , all questions , whether bearing on the subject , or not , were put ; there , none were put but what were strictly to the point ; there too , they were examined upon oath ; here , they were not . For his part , lie could say most conscientiously , that , in his mind , there existed no ground of belief , either of participation , connivance , or knowledge , on the part of his royal highness . He was perfectly aware that the public mind was strongly interested in the decision of the house ; but he believed that the public were prepared to adopt that decision which he trusted the house would come to , if properly , distinctly , and fairly laid before them . when he gave his vote , disclaimed being influenced by popular opinion ; and to prove his sincerity in this respect , stated an instance where he , though representing a very large body , voted against their wishes , and yet was placed on the ensuing election high above his competitors . He supported the Amendment . rose and said , it was not his intention at so very late an hour to trespass much on the attention of the house , but he thought it his duty to address them because he had been badgered by letters of abuse , and such sort of things . ( Hear , hear ! and loud laughter . ) It had been said