h. r. h. and Mrs. C. , in appropriate language , I have inadvertently slipped into a censure which I should wish to retract ? Does any hon . gent . who hears me defending h. r. h. from a charge which I feel to be false , imagine , that I am therefore here to defend vice , Or to palliate it with epithets that may disguise its character ? Nothing , sir , can be farther from my intention ! I lament , I deplore as deeply as any man can do , the errors , the moral guilt into which , in an evil hour , h. r. h. suffered himself to be plunged , by his infatuated attachment to this most profligate woman . I will not , out of delicacy to him , withhold any censure which it may be due , and becoming for an individual in this house to pronounce upon it . But surely , sir , it is not inconsistent with that sentiment , and with that determination , to suppose that he can not have been guilty of such a departure from the duties of his public station ; that he can not so far have forgotten the consideration of every thing dear and valuable to a person of his exalted birth , ( for the higher a man rises in society , the more must he feel the value of character , and the importance of public opinion , ) as to have so degraded , so debased himself as to have become the willing instrument of Mrs. C. and her associates . Under this impression , I confess , that every prejudice in my mind was against the idea that h. r. h. could be personally implicated in the practices pointed out by these charges . I certainly had the means of knowing that corrupt practices did exist , with regard to the sale of offices , though not by persons in office , or in government , but under the assumed and pretended authority of government , I had recently directed my endeavours to detect and to pursue them in one instance , in which I had been furnished with a clue to them . I knew there were low and mean persons , who , pretending to possess an influence in disposing of public employments , civil and military , carried on a lucrative traffic by means of the delusions they held forth to the public . But I knew at the same time , that , at least as far as respected those civil offices and pla- 63 ces under government , with which I had any means of being particularly acquainted , their pretensions were wholly false ; and I did consequently believe that such would , eventually , and in proof , turn out to be the fact in the case of the D. of Y. ; I thought that h. r. h. , whatever might be disclosed in the course of the enquiry , would be proved to be as far from having been personally concerned in any of the transactions relating to such corrupt practices , as I am myself . To return however to the charges . There are two very distinct questions , upon which the opinion of this house must be pronounced . The first question respects the guilt or innocence of the D. of Y. ; and the next , the proper mode of our proceeding , after having decided upon that question . These are two questions in their natures perfectly different . The one I take to be a question of a purely judicial description , upon which we are bound to give our judgment with all the conscientious severity of judges ; the honour , the justice of this house requires that it should , according to the true impression made by the evidence upon our consciences , decide the question of guilt or innocence ; but as to the other question , it involves many grave considerations of political expediency , which the house , if it duly regards the interests of the