same proportion ? Upon what principle of justice or common sense is it to be said , I believe the evidence of a witness to prove a charge , though not given upon oath , but I will not believe in the same degree the contradictions to that evidence , for want of that important sanction . They must both be upon the same footing : the same diminution of credit upon that account , applies equally to both ; and if so unjust and unfounded a distinction were suffered to prevail , the doors of this house ought to be closed for ever against all witnesses , and the bar destroyed , at which testimony , on so false a principle , can be given . On the credit of Mrs. Clarke , there is one more topic , which does not seem to have been sufficiently adverted to : When her statement , against his royal highness , was first heard , one naturally felt a difficulty in believing there could be so malignant and depraved a mind , as to fabricate a charge , in which there was no truth , to destroy the reputation and honour of the Duke of York for ever . But , when she is discovered in the course of her examination , scattering about her scandal and her groundless imputations without reserve , intimating of one witness , that he had forged a letter from the Duke of York , of another , that he had stolen something from her house , of a third , that she supposed he had been bribed , of Mr. Wilkinson a respectable solicitor , that he had bribed him , and above all , when we find her , upon a demand being made upon her for a debt by Mr. Nichols , answering that demand by a deliberate charge in writing , that he had forged a will , all without a pretence of truth , the difficulty alluded to is removed . We see a person in the habitual practice of making false charges , a mind hardened to it ; and we find in the present charge an instance , only more seriously persevered in , of what to her is no very extraordinary occurrence . Under these circumstances , to attach the least credit to a word uttered by Mrs. Clarke against his royal highness , unless on the confirmation of other credible and distinct evidence , would be acting in the most important cause against the most exalted personage , directly contrary to the principles and practice adopted by every court of justice in the most trifling case against the meanest subject ; principles not 556 founded on any technical rule of law , but on the eternal basis of sound reason and substantial justice , and the wisdom and experience of all past ages . The next question , then , is , in what respect is the testimony of Mrs. Clarke confirmed ? And here the attention of the house should be particularly called to the nature of the confirmation that is required , which seems to be still so miraculously misunderstood , even by my hon . friend , the late Solicitor General , after all that has been said upon this subject : and even he , as well as others , still refer , as a confirmation , to the letter about gen. Clavering , and other evidence of the like nature , especially such as she did not know was in existence , till the time of its being produced . All this certainly confirms her evidence as to her being permitted to apply to him on the subject of military matters , which is not denied , but is no confirmation whatever as to his knowledge of her pecuniary traffic , which is the real question in dispute . Permitted application may be wrong ; but permitted corruption is most criminal . There is nothing dishonourable in the one ; there is every thing that is infamous in the other . The most upright man may be led easily into the first