; and that I have varied in my testimony in material parts of this case , it is most natural that I should not let an instant intervene in calling the attention of the house to the evidence which I gave , and to which the noble lord refers , and I have no doubt that I shall convince even the noble lord himself , that he has beer , completely mistaken in ail that he has said respecting my testimony . Sir , I am sorry to consume the time of the house with what may be supposed to be personal matter , but it is essential to justice as well as to myself that the matter should be cleared up , that the evidence which I have given should he well understood.—The noble lord first states that my evidence hits been inconsistent in the account which I have given of my connexion with the financial concerns of the royal Duke ; that I at one time held out that I was acquainted with the whole of h. r. h. 's concerns in that respect , and then confined it to my situation as his trustee . If gentlemen will look to the evidence which I gave on the first day of this proceeding they will find that on that day I stated distinctly that the only funds of h. r. h. the applica- 318 tion of which fell within my knowledge , were those which were appropriated to his creditors : that I knew nothing of the application of that part of his income which he reserved for his own expenditure ; that I could not tell whether a private pension to this or that person was or was not paid . This appears from my testimony in the printed evidence . On a future day an hon . gent. , now under the gallery , ( Mr. C. Adams ) asked me , Whether the annuity was or was not paid to Mrs. C. ? To which I answered by referring to my former evidence , by which he would see that T could know nothing respecting the payment or non-payment of the annuity . The same gent , on a subsequent day examined me again respecting the payment of the annuity , and if the noble lord will look to that part of the testimony , he will find my evidence to be perfectly conformable to that which I have already stated . On this part , therefore , of my testimony , I hope the house will be satisfied that there is nothing contradictory . The noble lord next asserts that I was contradicted by Mr. Comrie , in the evidence which I had given respecting a loan which was proposed to be made by the D. of Y . Here the noble lord is again in a mistake . I never gave any testimony whatever relating to that subject ; there is , I will venture to say , nothing of the kind to be found in my evidence , ft is very true that in a speech which I made on the day in which the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wardle ) opened these charges , I did state to the house that I had uniformly found h , r. h. to be accurate in his statements respecting his pecuniary obligations , and that the correctness of his statements in that respect , afforded a strong presumption in my mind of his correctness in other respects ; that I had likewise every reason to believe that in every case where there had been any proposal made to him to raise money , that he had referred to me . Now it was professedly to contradict this part of my speech that Mr. Comrie was called by the hon . member , ( Mr. Wardle ) and it will be seen , that instead of contradicting , Mr. Comrie distinctly confirms my statement in my speech on the first day of these proceedings ; for Ire says in his evidence , that bet had been referred by the D. of Y. to