and that our proceedings were marked with the mean endeavour to dispose of it by a measure framed with complicated ambiguity , or rather with an insidious alterna- 58 tive , as if for the mere purpose of picking up some of the straggling votes of those who , not agreeing with the accuser as to the nature and extent of the offence , may yet concur , from any other motives , public or personal , in desiring the removal of h. r. h. from his office ? If the hon . gent , had continued to be actuated by that feeling which originally impelled him to come forward in this business , he would certainly never have proposed to the house the address which we have heard from him . The hon . gent , has yielded to other counsels , or he would not thus have frittered down his charge . `` Whether his offence amounts to corruption or not , let the D. of Y. be removed , '' is no language of his ! No , sir , if that hon . gent . had consulted his own manly feelings on this subject , he would have scorned to offer such a proposition to the house . But the hon gent , has mixed himself with others in counsel ; he has advised with cooler heads , heads that mean more than he means , and more than they will let him know . I can hardly be suspected of any solicitude to go out of my way to compliment the hon . gent. , but I must declare , in fairness to him , that I have too high an opinion of his honour and his spirit , to believe that this measure , which he has proposed , is his own . Sir , I am almost ashamed of having pressed with so much earnestness , and at such great length , the impropriety , and . as I conceive , the positive absurdity , of the address as moved by the hon . gent . But the importance of taking a right view of it , seems to me to be so great , that I trust it may be received as my apology . It now , Sir , becomes my duty to explain to the house , the course which appears to me to be the most proper to be pursued on the present occasion . In the first place , Sir , I conceive it to be absolutely and indispensably necessary that we should come to a direct decision upon this question , whether the evidence against the D. of York , does or does not establish against h. r. h. the charge of personal corruption , or connivance at corruption ? I add , `` or connivance at corruption , '' because no man can entertain a doubt , that , in point of moral guilt and turpitude , it would be , especially in such a case as this , the same thing whether h. r. h. be guilty of direct corruption by his own acts , or , of knowingly permitting it to have been practised through , his means by Mrs. C. I shall therefore tender an amendment to the hon . gent . 's 59 Address , converting that Address into a Resolution , which shall declare decidedly the sense of the house upon the question of guilt . This Resolution , whatever should be the fate of it , will leave us at full liberty to determine what course it may afterwards be proper to pursue — a course which must naturally be governed by the nature of that opinion which the house shall form and pronounce on the substance of the charge . If they should think the D. of York guilty of corruption , I can not hesitate for a moment to believe that they will think it necessary to impeach him . But though they may think him not guilty of corruption , there may be other matter discovered in this evidence , which will call for notice and animadversion