of immediate dismissal.—Had it not been so late , [ three o'clock in the morning , ] he should have gone more at large into the question , but contented himself with what he had said , and adopted most of what had been said by his hon . and noble friends who had preceded him on the same subject.—He blamed the ministers for not inquiring into the truth of major Hogan 's assertions , and other reports which had circulated long since with the public , to the prejudice of the Commander in Chief , and for not giving such advice to the crown as was becoming their station ; which might have saved the scandal and disgrace of these transactions . said , that on a question of such high importance , he could not think of giving a silent vote . He should therefore wish to give his reasons as concisely as possible for differing in opinion with his hon . friend who had just sat down ; but at that late hour he would not trespass on the patience of the house , but would then move , That the house do adjourn . In doing this he hoped , nevertheless , the house would not be inclined to protract the debate , but would come to a speedy decision . coincided in opinion with the noble lord as to the adjournment , and also in the hope that the house might be able to come to a decision of the first question at the close of the next day 's debate , which had already been protracted to a very great length ; but he must confess with a temperance in the discussion , and a patience in the attention , which no subject had ever before received . thought that when so many gentlemen had patiently been listened to while they gave their opinions at such length as to average two hours each , the country gentlemen , who would not perhaps take up quarters , where the others had consumed whole hours , should not be curtailed of an opportunity of speaking their sentiments . said , he should for one put in his claim to being heard on the subject ; he hoped , however , that the house would be able to come to a decision of a parliamentary question at the close of the next day 's debate , though there would certainly follow another on the order in which the ultimate decision of the house should take place . concurred in this opinion.—Adjourned at half past three o'clock on Wednesday morning . pursuant to notice , rose for leave to bring in a Bill to complete to its full number the Militia of Great Britain . He said he felt it unnecessary to go then into any minute detail . He should therefore only possess the house of the object of his Bill : it was to replace the number of Militiamen rendered defective by the operation of the Bill of last Session , for allowing the soldiers of the Militia to volunteer into the line . The number already so transferred was about 23,000 , and what he proposed was to raise in their place a number of men equal to one half of the whole quota for the country , namely , 24,000 men , within twelve months , from an early day to be named in the Bill . Eight months to be allowed for raising the men by bounties of 10 guineas per man , to be paid by the public ; but at the end of that time , if the whole should not be raised , then a Bal- 539 lot to take place in the usual way for raising the remainder , with an allowance to each balloted man of 10 guineas towards the bounty of a Substitute , if he should not wish to serve in person . At the same time , a privilege was to be allowed to his majesty , in case of any menace of danger to the country , to direct that the ballot might proceed