show me ' where , in any statement intended to be submitted to the consideration of reasonable men , there is to be found such a proposition as this , `` We are inclined to believe him to be guilty : but even if we could suppose him innocent , that would not prevent us from thinking him deserving of punishment ; and therefore at all events punish him , we beseech you '' . I do not ask if this be justice : I ask if it is common-sense . I do not ask you to amend it , for it is unamendable . Let in stand on the Journals as a proof of what the movers of the business would have done , if the good sense of the House of Commons had not prevented them : as the first , and , I trust , the last instance , of an Address of alternatives , in which the King is called upon to come to the same conclusion from opposite premises , and to deal out punishment alike 627 to guilt or innocence , the guilt or innocence of his son ! So sensible is my hon . friend ( Mr. Bankes ) of this fault in the Address of the original mover , that he has been under the necessity of preparing one of his own : but he has unluckily suffered it to be so inoculated with other matter than that which properly belonged to it , that it retains nothing of the character of precision which my hon . friend 's mind would have imparted to any composition exclusively his own . As it is , from the mixture of different opinions he has produced a confused species , a sort of mule , which , to the ill qualities belonging to the ignoble race from which , in part , it comes , appears , by the pertinacity with which it is defended , to join the obstinacy peculiar to the mulish nature . This Address of my hon . friend sets out with the same fault as its parent , that it descants generally upon the abuses in the army promotions , not upon the Duke of York 's share in them . These abuses might have existed if the Duke of York had never been born . The question referred to the Committee was the conduct of his royal highness the Duke of York , in respect to them . My hon . friend would report that the abuses have existed ; but then he is compelled , by his view of the case , to add , that `` it is highly satisfactory to this House to find no ground , in any of these proceedings , for charging his royal highness the Commander in Chief with personal corruption , or participation in any profits derived through undue means . Well , Sir , if this be my hon . friend 's opinion , I can not , will not , despair of making him see how idle and unjust it is to persevere for one moment in support of his own Address . Does not my hon . friend know and feel that his Address , if carried , is , equally with that of the original mover , of fatal consequence to the Duke of York 's character , and that it makes him a miserable and degraded man for the rest of his life ? That if the innocence of his royal highness , in respect to the foul and criminal part of the charges against him , be as clearly ascertained as my hon . friend admits it to be , it is the duty of those who pronounce this judgment , in framing the verdict of acquittal , to do it in the manner that may give the most perfect satisfaction to all those who are- interested in the decision , that shall leave nothing in uncertainty , nothing to be mistaken or misrepresented ? Do not let me be misunderstood as saying , 628 that , this acquittal once pronounced , it would be