There is , says he , in this case , a distinction that ought to be preserved ; for the measure proposed , being that of the removal of an officer of high consideration , this house ought not to compromise its opinions , but should strictly adhere to a separate consideration of the Charges , or rather Accusations against the Duke of York . Sir , if that course were to be pursued , the house could not come to a determination on the merits of the case in six weeks , nor perhaps in as many months , for in every part of the evidence , so much difference might be found to exist , that every individual member of the house might , by possibility , have to offer a distinct proposition . It is perfectly clear , that a very considerable number of the members of this house are of opinion , that the public officer , whose case is under consideration of the house , ought to be removed from the important situation which he now holds . That he ought to be removed , I have not the smallest doubt ; although I am not t this moment prepared to come to a vote that his royal highness has been guilty of what is called personal corruption : for of this charge or accusation of personal : corruption I do feel disposed to acquit him . But , Sir , I feel it impossible to say that there is the smallest reason to believe that the Duke of York had no knowledge of the foul and infamous transactions which have been brought to light in the course of this inquiry . Sir , when my learned and hon . friend who sits on the same bench with me ( Mr. Adam ) was examined as a witness in his place in this house , he told us that he had questioned the Commander in Chief minutely and specifically , when the subject of that mysterious Note respecting Tonyn 's promotion , which was so unsuccessfully attempted to be proved a forgery , was submitted to him , whether he had ever corresponded with Mrs. Clarke on the subject of military promotions ? to which he answered , that he never had corresponded with Mrs. Clarke on such subjects . And this the Duke of York asserted , and re-asserted , 636 both to col. Gordon and the Chancellor of the Exchequer . He even declared , that he had never more than one conversation with her on the subject of military promotions , which conversation was very soon after the commencement of their connection On that single occasion the Commander in Chief admitted that Mrs. Clarke did speak to him on the subject of military promotions , but he instantly informed her that it was a matter of so much delicacy , and was so utterly improper for him to hear , that he particularly requested she would never again , upon any account , revive that subject ; and finally , that he never afterwards had any communication with Mrs. Clarke on the subject of military promotions . Here , then , Sir , we find from the statement of the Commander in Chief himself , that at the very commencement of his association with Mrs. Clarke , he was perfectly aware of the impropriety and inadmissibility of her interference in military promotions . Now , Sir , is it not most extraordinary that we find by proof , which is not capable of being disproved , that the Duke of York did actually hold intercourse , in several instances , with Mrs. Clarke on the subject of military promotions ? on that subject , of the impropriety of which his royal highness had expressed so correct an opinion to her at the commencement of their cohabitation I ask , then , how any man who considers these circumstances can believe that the Duke of York had no knowledge of the various transactions which have been laid before this house I As to Tonyn 's note , I think it can not ,