evidence . I can not concur with either of the two addresses originally submitted to the house . I can not concur with them , because they do not contain a complete acquittal of h. r. h. as well with respect to the charge of connivance , as the charge of corruption . I can not concur with them , because the removal of h. r. h. from the important office , which he has so long filled with advantage to the public , is one object of both addresses . It is admitted , that h. r. h. can not be convicted of corruption or corrupt connivance in the transactions which have taken place , unless credit be given to the Evidence of Mrs. C. Upon the best view I can take of the subject , I think Mrs. C. is not entitled to credit as to any circumstance with regard to which it can be fairly imputed to her , that she had a motive for concealing the truth . I think she is not entitled to credit , because we find her contradicted by most unimpeachable witnesses , because her testimony is in itself , in some points inconsistent and contradictory , and because there are parts of her testimony which are in their own nature wholly incredible . The house will pardon me if in adverting to these topics I am under the necessity of reading a few passages in the evidence ; I will first refer to the particular evidence in which she is contradicted by Mr. Knight . In speaking of the testimony of Mr. Knight , I do not mean to advert to the conversation which Mr. Knight states to have passed in 1804 , because the length of time which has since passed , may be thought to account for some difference between them in that respect . But I shall refer to the conversation which took place shortly before they were called to your bar , and in which you will find there is positive contradiction between them . Mr. Knight 's account of that conversation is this : The question asked of him was , Have you seen Mrs. C. within the last month , and how did it happen that you saw her ? His answer is , She wrote to 'beg that I would come to her about a month ago , to which letter I made no 290 reply ; she wrote a second letter , as far as my recollection serves me , about 10 days ago . I went to her and she asked me the name of the officer who had ex- changed with my brother , I told her . She made a number of complaints of her having been ill treated by the D. of Y. that he had deserted her , and left her in debt , I think , about 2,000l . and that she was determined unless she could bring him to terms to expose him in the man- ner she is now endeavouring to do . I said , that that was her affair , but that I trusted , she would not introduce either me or my brother , she said , O good God , by no means , it is not my intention , you can have nothing to do with it that passed in the drawing-room , and I took my leave , and heard nothing of her since , and I was very much surprised to hear of my name being mentioned in the way in which it has , I was thunderstruck at its being done without any notice . Mr. Knight here says , that Mrs. C. told him , that she had been ill-treated by the D. of Y. , and deserted by him , and left in debt , and that if he did not pay those debts she would certainly expose him . Now , Sir , upon this subject , Mrs. C. was questioned in the manner I shall state ; she was asked , 'Have you not stated that 'if h. r. h. did not come