. but that it could not be known to him , and that it has been thought of and discovered by Mrs. C. since the Charges were brought , and yet this was a Charge in which corroborating evidence had been thought of before hand , but was made to rest at the opening upon the payment for the plate , and on that alone . Another proof that no confirmation by Miss Taylor was then thought of . 344 Dates here are of the greatest importance . The hon . gent . made his opening speech on the 27th January . The evidence was opened on the 1st of February . Miss Taylor in her second examination is asked , `` Did you at any time afterwards have any conversation with Mrs. C. relative to the observations of the D. of Y. upon Col. French 's business ? Not till within three weeks or a month.— What was the conversation you had at that lime ? — She asked me if I recollected the D. of Y. mentioning Col. French 's name in my presence . I immediately recollected the circumstance and told her . '' She says this passed within three weeks or a month . A month will carry it to a day or two before the time of the opening ; three weeks wilt carry it to the day of the evidence beginning . Now is it probable , nay , is it possible , if a piece of confirmatory evidence so relied on as this , had been known at the time of the opening , that in the intercourse between the hon . mover and Mrs. C. it would not have been known to him , and if known , that it would not have been stated . What I have to remark on this evidence , is , first , the different manner in which she proves the different parts of the conversation . The first branch she speaks of most positively . She says , `` The Duke 's words were , as nearly as I can recollect , ' I am continually worried by col. French ; he worries me continually about his levy business , and is always wanting something more in his own favour . ' Then turning to Mrs. C , I think he said , 'how does he behave to you ? She said , middling , not very well . '' Being desired lo relate the rest , she says , `` the Duke said , 'Master French must mind what he is about , or I 'll cut him up and his levy too . ' That was all he said . '' Now , sir , it is clear , that the middle part of the conversation is that which infers guilt ; the first part and the last part are perfectly innocent ; might have been spoken at any time , and before any body ; and may be admitted to have been spoken by the D. of Y. without prejudice . It is remarkable that she asserts the first passage of the conversation with a very firm recollection , and she recites the last part with perfect confidence ; but she interposes a most material term of qualification where she introduces the second , which is what the whole turns upon . She then says , `` I think the Duke said , 'how does he behave to you ' ? '' This part of the conversation , the shortest branch of it , the easiest recol- 345 lected , the most likely to be impressed upon the mind , because it is that which disclosed or confirmed the guilty knowledge , consisting of a few words , she speaks of with doubt and hesitation . She introduces it with ' I think ' : she is afraid of being too certain ; she speaks like a person who had something infused into her memory recently , which had not been there before ; but in the long passage which precedes it , and in the passage which follows it , she