this transaction . Sir , there is a specific tangible fact respecting the memorable service of Plate purchased with a part of the money received from col. French , and the balance satisfied by the bills of the Commander in Chief . Here again the right hon . gent . and his learned friends , in their eagerness to impugn the testimony of Mrs. Clarke , completely out-stepped the bounds of prudence . The indefatigable industry with which every collateral source of information was raked through , and carefully sifted in the hope of fixing a direct falsehood on Mrs. C. has only tended to prove the truth of her assertion , and the fact appears to me to be established by circumstantial evidence as strongly as fact can be so substantiated . In her second examination Mrs. C. was asked to state any particular sum or sums which had been paid to her on account of col. French 's levy . She answered without hesitation , `` I recollect . having received one sum of 500 guineas ; ( Bank notes making up the sum of guineas ) and I paid 500l . of it to Birkett , for a service of plate , and h. r. h. paid the remainder of it by his own bills . '' —Then it was we first heard of the splendid service of plate , which the right hon . gent . has reminded us , had descended , from the proud possession of a prince of 226 the blood royal of France , to that last refuge of the indigent and unfortunate , the shop of a pawn-broker ; and had thence been removed by means , such as these , to grace the side board of the mistress of a prince of the blood royal of England . To dispose of her assertion as to this fact , which , independent of its general connexion with the charges against the Duke of York , had awakened feelings of the strongest interest , became eminently important ; and the greatest efforts were made to overturn it . Vain attempt ! Sir , had the most strenuous advocates of the credibility of Mrs. C. been employed to elicit corroborating facts by which her testimony might be supported , they could not have been more successful than were the active agents of the D. of Y. to that purpose . Unluckily for h. r. h. the pertinacious disposition which they manifested to deny every thing , had the effect of proving every thing.—When Mrs. C. first asserted that she had received 500 guineas from col. French , for the exertion of the influence which she possessed over the D. of Y. , the fact was denied . Then came Sandon 's corroboration , which drove them out of that hold ; and then Mr. Parker exhibited the account from the late Mr. Birkett 's book ; and in that account was seen an item of 500l . corresponding in date and amount precisely with her assertion . The ground was immediately shifted , and , from endeavouring to show that Mrs. C. had invented the story , the gentlemen demanded , where was the scintilla of proof , of the D. of York 's privity ? As to his having given his acceptances for the remainder of the purchase money of the service of plate , he knew nothing about the matter . True it was , that in the account produced by Mr. Parker , it appeared , that the balance had been paid in bills at various dates from two to twelve months ; but it was an abominable falshood of Mrs. Clarke , to say , that these bills were the acceptances of the D. of Y . In order to sift this matter to the bottom , recourse was had to the books of Messrs. Marsh & Co. , the bankers of the late Mr. Birkett ; and Mr. Wm . Tyson , one of their clerks , attended with them at the bar . The evidence of this gentleman was given with some reluctance , as those who