case disclosed to the house , which he was sorry to see gentlemen so anxious to overlook and separate from the main question . But there was no question , in his mind , of more importance . That house was the guardian of the liberty and property of the people ; but it was the guardian of something more , he meant public morality ; and it should take care to discharge the important duty which belonged to it in this respect . If it kept that duty at all in view , even in the present lax state of morals , how was it possible to overlook the immoral connection which was coupled with those transactions ; to let that which had given so much offence to all good men ; which had produced so much public scandal , escape without reprehension or example ? Such conduct in such a quarter could not , consistently with its own honour , be passed lightly over by that house . He trusted it would not : he felt that it ought not , and therefore he had introduced a censure upon it , into the Address he had to propose . Under all the circumstances , he was decidedly of opinion , that that house would not do its duty to the country , to its sovereign , nor to itself , if it did not communicate its sentiments to his majesty , that after what had been disclosed , the Duke of York could not any longer , at this time , remain an useful servant of the public . ( A loud cry of Hear , hear ! ) .—The Address proposed by his right hon . friend , he observed , was a mere echo of a Letter , recently presented to that house , in a very 278 extraordinary , and in his mind in a very exceptionable manner . It was the custom to say , that the Address of the house to any Speech from the throne , was generally the echo of the Speech ; but he never could suppose it possible to be said , that the Address of that house should be the echo of a Letter ( loud cries of Hear , hear ! ) . In this case , however , it might be said with justice ; and he never could persuade himself to subscribe to such an echo . He hoped the house would manifest an equal unwillingness to do so . If the house could not only endure to receive a letter , which was itself an infringement on its privileges , but could submit to send an Address to his majesty , in obedience to that letter , it must be contented to sink in its own estimation and that of the country . Let the proceeding of the house be guided by proper motives , and spring from a pure source , and the country would do justice to its conduct , while it must retain its own good opinion.—Differing so decidedly as he did from his right hon . friend , in the conclusions to which his mind had come upon the evidence , he could admit nothing more than that it was barely possible his right hon . friend might be right . But that he was not so that house would , he hoped and trusted , for its own credit and character , prove by the decision it pronounced upon this important question . Mr. Bankes then concluded with proposing as an Amendment upon the Amendment of the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Bathurst ) , `` That an humble Address be presented to his majesty , to state to his majesty , that information has been communicated to this house , of various corrupt practices and abuses having prevailed in the disposal of Commissions and Promotions in his majesty 's Land Forces , into which this house has diligently examined ; and that we feel ourselves obliged to acquaint his majesty that the result of our inquiries into the truth of these transactions , by the examination