and exceptions . ' The Chancellor of the Exchequer , therefore , and the hon . member , were as credulous on the one hand , as they were sceptical on the other . All these witnesses , in endeavouring to confound Mrs. C , had confounded themselves : even col. Gordon 's testimony , which had been relied on as contradicting Mrs. C. 's , was quite consistent with it . He had declared that the rules of office were usually observed , so said Mrs. C , so that colonel Gordon and his official correctness appeared as a mere mask , a vizor with a nose of wax , which the D. of Y. might twist whichever way he pleased . Mrs. C. had never denied all this regularity and correctness of office , but , on the contrary , had always insisted that the D. of Y. took care of having everything done according to official form . The Chancellor of the Exchequer had seized upon the case of Samuel Carter , as a sort of set-off favourable to the D. of Y. ; as a small piece of this vile matter capable of some polish , which might admit of a varnish ; and he certainly had made the most of it , and elaborately varnished it over ; but the misfortune of it was that this finished piece of workmanship could by no skill whatever be made to fit the case of h. r. h. If there was any praise due on account of Samuel Carter , it belonged not to the D. of Y. , but to Mrs. C. Whereas all the impropriety of the appointment belonged to h. r. h. , so that the learned gent , ( he begged pardon for calling him the learned gent. , but when one had once known a gentleman as a lawyer , it was as difficult to 383 get rid of the impression of his being always a lawyer , as it seemed to he to those gentlemen to get rid of their professional habits , ) so that the right hon . gent , could not have made a more unfortunate choice of a subject to bestow his labour and pains upon than the one lie had chosen ; for all the praise he had bestowed on that transaction went to benefit Mrs. C. and to diminish the bad opinion which might at first have been conceived of a person in her situation . We then came to a case which did seem a little to stagger the mind of the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer , Dr. O'Meara , the right hon . gent , did not like to look at it ; it shook his faith ; so he contented himself with saying it had nothing to do with military promotions , and tried to shuffle it over ; any how get rid of the doctor . He was not surprised at the right hon . gent. , seeing the part he had taken , wishing to keep this case out of sight , for it was a most important one , and weighed heavily on every part of the charge . But it had nothing to do with military promotions ! so much the worse : who can say what was the extent of Mrs. C. 's influence , when they consider this case ; or what can be said of the common sense of the D. of Y. ? What sense of propriety or common decency could h. r. h. have had when he corresponded with Mrs. C. on such a subject ? Well , Mrs. C. 's recommendation was attended to ; the Rev . Divine presents himself ; his credentials from heaven in one hand , and from Mrs. C. in the other ; and is introduced by h. r. h. to the presence of the King , to expound the Gospel ; to set forth the beauty of holiness ; to lash vice and immorality , fornication , and all other deadly sin . Why , here was a picture of profligacy and hypocrisy