, the receipt of the 200l . which you sent her ? '' His answer is , `` Yes—she requested that the whole business might be kept secret . '' The next question put to him is , `` Did she express herself particularly , during the conversation , as to the transaction itself ? '' His reply is , `` As to the transaction itself ? '' Then towards the end of his examination , he is asked , `` What expression did Mrs. Clarke use , that you now recollect , which enables you to state that it was not from the public , but from the Duke of York himself , that she wished it to be kept a secret ? '' He says , `` She begged that it might be kept a secret from the Duke of York—I do not know how to shape my answer in any other way . '' But Dr. Thynne , and Mr. Knight , are not the only witnesses upon this part of the case ; capt . Sandon speaks to the same facts ; Mr. Corri , Mrs. Corri , and Mrs. Hovenden speak to it . Her conduct , her anxious direction to Mr. Corri to burn all her letters without delay , —and her practice in requiring Mrs. Hovenden to return all her letters , absolutely prove her anxiety on this point . Now what says Mrs. Clarke ? She is asked this question , `` Do you recollect expressing a wish lest it should come to the ears of h. r. h. the Duke of York ? '' she immediately answers , `` Oh no ! never . '' `` Or any thing to that effect ? `` — '' Nothing like it . '' There are such a number of witnesses who positively contradict Mrs. Clarke on this part of the case , that I am sure there is no person , who hears me , who would venture to say , that their testimony does not outweigh that of Mrs. Clarke . But , upon this evidence , I admit the hon . gent , has made a very fair remark . He observes , that it was impossible that Mrs. Clarke should require secrecy in the sense here suffered , and with the professed object of keeping the transaction from the D. of Y . Her undertaking to these people being to use her interference and in- 77 fluence with the D. of Y. ; it would mar her own plot ; it would be inconsistent with her own story . She wished these persons to believe that she would immediately apply to the D. of Y. ; could she then be so absurd as to betray an anxiety that her interference should be kept a secret from the D. of Y. ? This , sir , would indeed he true , if it were believed , that she let those persons know that she told h. r. h. what money she was to procure for the influence which she engaged to exercise ; —but if the fact was , as I believe it , that she had no such influence , that she used no such influence , she would necessarily be anxious to avoid any part of the transaction transpiring , lest it should reach the ears of h. r. h. : but what she pretended to these witnesses , was that it was the pecuniary interest which she had in it , which she wished to keep concealed from him . In that sense , it was entirely consistent with her story , and essentially necessary for the security of herself . The next point in which she is contradicted , respects her threat to expose the D. of Y , and to this I request the special attention of the house , because here it is , that we are enabled to trace her motives , and discover the resentment and malice , which prompt the whole of her conduct . Mr. Knight says , that when he called on her some time after the exchange had been