if at this time every thing was not done which might be expected , when it was considered the great press of public business that existed . With respect to the resignations spoken of by the honourable gentleman , he must premise he was not at all personally acquainted with them ; but when he looked to the then slate of the Victualling Board , he did certainly think there could no effectual reform take place , without the removal of some at least of the members from their situations . This was sufficiently proved by the circumstance , stated in the Tenth Report , of the arrears amounting to no less than eleven millions and a half , and which was owing to the accounts of twenty-five years standing not having been looked into by the Victualling Board . The confusion arising from this was such as to make it idle to hope for reformation by any other means than removal . The hon . baronet , 753 in his statement , had certainly avoided alluding to any individuals in particular ; and yet the hon . gent . had made his attack by entering into a defence of those who had been removed ; but upon this occasion his information had not been so correct as it might have been , and he would set him right in some particulars . He had stated that Mr. Moody was the best accountant that could be found . Of that gent . he was ready to admit , that the public had no more able servant , but like all other servants , his powers had , by this time , suffered a physical decline . This appeared by his own statement , in a letter addressed to lord Mulgrave , stating his public services since the year 1759 ; that after a service of 49 years , his sight and health were impaired , and soliciting his superannuation upon his full salary . This request he had himself backed with the noble lord : but who , to his very great regret , found it impossible upon inquiry to accede to it , consistently with the regular practice , which was , to retire upon three-fourths of the salary . That gentleman , however , upon understanding this determination , had in a subsequent letter , requested to withdraw his resignation . It was , notwithstanding , found necessary to remove him . With respect to Mr. Marsh , he had retired upon three-fourths of his salary . He had himself been called on to make inquiries into the powers of this gentleman to execute the duties of his office , and he had found him to be a gentleman of most excellent character , but not capable of executing those reforms which were considered as indispensably necessary . Mr. Budge , in like manner , was , by gout , or some such complaint , incapacitated from attending to the duties of his office , and was therefore removed.— He now came to the consideration of the successors of those gentlemen , of whom it was insinuated , as if the removals were made solely for the purpose of making room for them . And here he could state , that the noble lord at the head of the Admiralty , having in view the very paragraph in the Report now under consideration , had actually called for his naval advisers , for the express purpose of recommending the fittest persons to fill those stations , and they had done so accordingly , under the very terms of the Report . Two of them , Messrs. Browne and Hobin , who had been pursers , his lordship had never seen before their appointment . As to colonel Walsh , who , by the bye , was no more a colonel than be was , 754 and capt . Stuart , who , likewise , was no captain , they had been appointed long before the Report had been made . On the subject of extravagance , as charged upon administration , they were so far from being guilty