the words of the hon . mover of this enquiry himself ) : she is , up to the time of this very enquiry , carrying on the same traffic ! If she is to be believed , it appears that she put into the hands of that hon . gent. , within these few weeks , letters of recommendation to be signed by other hon . gentlemen , with a view to obtain military preferment ; that he gave her promises of assistance , though he said his influence would not be of any avail , as he was in the opposition . Within a short time she put into the hands of gen. Clavering , for the purpose of procuring military promotion , a letter purporting to be signed by a Mr. Sumner , of the Temple , when , as far as we have any proof , there , is no such person in existence . This is the sort of witness on whose evidence we are called upon to give up the character of the illustrious person accused , and to consign him to public infamy and execration ! But this is not all : you have in this , an abundant caution against surrendering up your judgment upon the evidence of a witness , whom you see impelled by such motives , and to such an object : But have you nothing else ? You have the presumption in favour of the person accused ; not merely the presumption of general innocence in favour of the party under accusation , till conviction , but you have the presumption of innocence arising out of the conduct of h. r. h. ; out of conduct which may , perhaps , not be entirely approved . I lament extremely , that h. r. h. did not provide a larger annuity for Mrs. Clarke , and I think , that what he did give her , should have been unconditional . But although I lament these circumstances , yet I must be allowed on this occasion , and in this part of my argument , to take advantage of them ; for there arises out of these circumstances , a great and insur- 70 mountable presumption in favour of the D. of Y. I ask whether any thing can be more inconsistent with common sense , than that h. r. h. , in parting with a woman who had been a participator with him in such deep guilt , should dismiss her in a manner which must , have sent her forth with every sentiment of resentment and indignation against him ? No man having any particle of common sense could have done so ; and out of this conduct , therefore , there does grow a most irresistible presumption in his favour . I repeat that I lament that a better arrangement was not made for Mrs. C. when this unfortunate connection was broken off ; but I am confident the house will agree with me , that h. r. h. having , from whatever circumstance , thought himself called upon to stop the annuity , and Mrs. C. having threatened to expose him if he did not comply with her requisition of renewing it , it was impossible , after such a threat , for h. r. h. to recede from his determination . to have done so would have been most hazardous to his honour . After the letter addressed to Mr. Adam by Mrs. C , it was quite impossible for h. r. h. , having any consideration for his character , to yield to her demands , if he felt innocent : on the other hand , it is equally impossibly that he should not have yielded to them , if guilty . Had h. r. h. been conscious that this woman really was possessed of these secrets , the exposure , of which must necessarily involve his ruin , can it be for one moment imagined that he could have discarded her without first making some attempt , at least , to secure her silence ? But perhaps it may be said ,