not , in any instance , appear to me to be successful . On those points where a difference occurred between her and Mr. Knight , it appeared to me , that Mr. Knight was quite as likely to be mistaken as she ; nothing was more easily intelligible than one of those on which so much stress had been laid , as if it were difficult to be understood why she should express an unwillingness to the mention of the matter to the Duke of York . Mrs. Clarke had denied her having expressed any such unwillingness ; answering rather to the inference which she saw was intended than to the fact itself ; and committing thereby , if her denial was false , a most unnecessary deviation from truth : for nothing could have been more safe to her , than to admit to the full extent all that Mr. Knight ascribed to her ; namely , that she had given a caution to him not to repeat what he had heard , to the Duke of York.—For what is this notion that such a caution could only be necessary , on the supposition that she carefully concealed from h. r. h. the traffic in which she was engaged ? I believe , that she did , in fact , conceal it from the Duke ; that is to say , the corrupt part of it . But such a supposition is not necessary , to account for a wish on her part , that what passed in conversation between her and persons 501 whom she was treating with , should not come round to his royal highness 's ears ; because , though he Mere privy to these things ever so much , there was still reason sufficient , why he should not chuse to be known to be privy to them , and might be very angry at the report of any conversation which should seem to fix upon him that knowledge . Scire meum nihil est , nisi nee scire hoc sciat alter . I may know that you take money for these services : but do not let any one else know that I know it . Of a sort equally unimportant were many other of the inaccuracies or inconsistencies , which were supposed to have been discovered in her evidence . They were , many of them , upon points which she had no interest in representing one way more than in another , or on which , when the opposition was to the testimony of others , there was just as much probability of her being right as they . In general , I must fairly say , they were of that sort , which instead of detracting from the authority of her evidence , only gave to it , in my eyes , a greater character of genuineness and authenticity . I should have suspected it more , bad the inaccuracies in it been fewer . There was just about as much incorrectness as might be expected in the answers of a person , who spoke without design or premeditation on transactions some time past , and which , many of them , had not been at the time the subject of particular attention . It was impossible , indeed , not to be struck by the general air of frankness and facility with which her evidence was characterized throughout . There was nothing of stiffness and preparation . There was no time taken to look for an answer or to give to it any other shape , than that which it first received in her mind . She wrote a running hand . `` She poured forth , '' as a great critic says of one of our poets , `` a negligent profusion ; certain of the weight , and careless of the stamp . '' With this description of the general character of Mrs. Clarke 's Evidence , on what grounds , it will be asked , do I afterwards reject the truth of it ? And , admitting the truth of it , how can I resist