be expected from Sicily or Greece ; he however could state , that flax seed had actually been 771 received from Sicily , and parts adjacent , and that it was good , and that it was liked , and that more was expected . As to the appropriation of the money , to which the honourable baronet had alluded , he could only say , that was agreeable to the provisions of the act . replied , that if flax-teed had arrived , he did not know it , which he might have done , had the information he had sought been allowed him . said that the hon . baronet should be careful how he made assertions , as they tended to delude , and considered it no excuse for his being ignorant on the subject , because what he had wished had not been allowed him.—The hon . baronet had also said , what was commonly heard from that side of the house , that the Embargo was to be attributed to the Orders in Council , which they were not able to prove . This was what he should always deny ; he would always maintain the contrary ; the Embar go was laid on antecedent to the Orders in Council , the Americans had adopted that measure , anticipating the event which followed ; they knew that if a spark of spirit remained in the country , his majesty 's ministers would do as they had done . Whenever , therefore , Such an assertion was made , he would contradict it . But , even had it been the case , they were justified in doing as they did , for they had better submit to the risk of loss , than submit to any indignity . contended , that in whatever the Embargo might have originated , the continuance of it was fairly to he ascribed to the perseverance of ministers in the measure of the Orders in Council , instead of conciliating Americanat a time it might have been done to me mutual advantage of both countries . was of opinion , that it was absurd to give a bounty of not more than rive shillings a hogshead on the quantity of seed required , the price having risen from 4l . to 25l . per hogshead ; but that he objected to the bounty altogether . If agricultural improvement were intended , he conceived , from the bad state of the culture of lands in Ireland , it would be better to begin with the other species of land first , and to postpone the improvement of their bogs , till that was first effected . explained the principle of the measure to be the giving Ireland a kind of monopoly in flax-seed of her own growth , 772 till such time as the price should rise to such a height as to make it necessary to open the market for the sale of the manufacture . He lamented differing in opinion from the hon . gent. , who was not only his relation , but from whom he had formerly received effectual assistance in his official situation . after explaining , said , it was certainly true he had had the honour of assisting the right hon . gent. , but had resigned , in the prospect of a seat in that house ; and upon that event , he had found it his duty to take a seat on the side opposite to him . though he had every prospect at the time of obtaining any situation under government , which the influence of the right hon . gent , with Mr. Pitt could have secured for him . After some further observations from Mr. Baring , Mr. Rose , and Mr. Perceval , the Bill was passed in the Committee , and the house being resumed , the Report was ordered to be received to morrow . took occasion to observe , that he had received a letter from that officer , asserting his innocence , and expressing his readiness to submit to the jurisdiction of the house