house of commons declared that Ins royal highness was not guilty of corruption , of participation , of connivance , or of improper influence , the proceeding of the right hon . gent . was to go onto brand his royal highness for a crime , of which that house could have no cognizance , unless it was connected with some great public inconvenience , or official delinquency . He had voted for the amendment of the hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes ) on a former night , because this circumstance had been introduced into it in the only way in which it ought to be introduced : and he would never consent that it should be introduced in any other way . With regard to the vote he should give upon this question , he must say that on the score of corruption there was no ground of charge against his royal highness , but he could not express by his vote that there had been no connivance , because it had been clearly proved that an improper influence had been exercised . Neither should he vote for the Amendment of the hon . baronet . It was but justice , however , to the illustrious person who was the object of the vote he was to give that night , to state , that from ail the information he had been able to collect , the regulations made by the Duke of York had been highly beneficial to the army . The noble lord concluded by declaring , that he should negative the Resolution and the Amendment . ( Solicitor General for Scotland ) insisted that there was not only no proof of corrupt participation on the part of his royal highness , but no foundation whatever for imputing connivance . When he spoke of connivance , he meant of criminal connivance , as he could see none of those distinctions that had been drawn ; and if the house differed with him on that head , and were of opinion that his royal highness had connived , gentlemen ought not to shut their eyes to the fact , but impeach the royal Duke at the bar of the house of lords . He would not admit that the cases of O'Meara , general Clavering , and major Tonyn , suggested proofs of that connivance , and , thinking so , he should vote for the motion of his right hon . friend , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , which he would insist was a clear and distinct proposition , and free from any supposed ambiguity . said , he was convinced that there was no evidence to justify a conclusion of corruption or connivance , and as such he should vote for the original motion ; at 691 the same time , he did feel that an undue influence had been proved to have existed , disgraceful and injurious to the public service , and he did hope that some ulterior proceeding would take place upon it . rose to reply to some observations that had fallen from a noble lord opposite to him ( Petty ) . He began by observing , that lie should not wonder if the same impatience that had been previously expressed by the house , should be renewed against him ; but he hoped he should be excused for pressing himself again upon the notice of the house , feeling that he could not chuse but reply , in explanation , to some remarks made by the noble lord to whom he had alluded . That noble lord had accused him of an intention to entrap the house by the motion lie had made , inasmuch as he had mixed considerations in that motion totally , distinct and separate . He did not , he said , expect to meet reproach for having conformed to that which he considered to be more consonant to the general feelings of the house . The hon . gent , too ( Mr. Whit-bread ) seemed to wish the alteration he had made , and he had done it partly at his