and that a British house of commons would prove itself worthy the epithet applied to the celestial font of Justice—that it `` was no respecter of persons . '' ( Hear ! hear ! ) spoke at some length on the discontent which , in his opinion , a verdict of acquittal must excite throughout the country . He declared as his opinion , that the people believed the house was doing nothing , and meant to do nothing ; at the same time , however , he was sure that the coolly-judging part of the community would be content with their decision , if they thought it was given from their conviction . It was with the utmost reluctance that he spoke one word against the son of his sovereign ; to act as he was about to do , was to him a task the most painful , but a sense of duty notwithstanding impelled him forward ; a sentiment paramount to every other feeling forced him solemnly to declare , that before God he really believed his royal highness could not be ignorant of the corruptions and abuses which had been proved lo exist . Those who knew him , knew how reluctant he was to speak thus , though they could not conceive the pain he felt in the discharge of his duty ; but distressing as it was , `` Fiat Justitia , ruat cœhim . '' Yet he envied those gentlemen who could lay their hands on their hearts , who could face 670 their constituents , and who , in that awful moment when all sublunary prospects fade from the eye of expiring mortality , could enjoy that serene composure which result * from the consciousness of having endeavoured , to the best of our ideas , to discharge the duties imposed upon us , after voting for the entire acquittal of his royal highness . Those who had defended the Duke , had spoken as if gentlemen were unacquainted with the most common expressions in the English language . The word 'connivance ' had received in that house several very novel definitions ; for his part , he could only understand the word 'connivance , ' as implying a knowledge of the corruption without any endeavour to terminate it ; and understanding the word as he did , he could not but believe his royal highness guilty of connivance ; he , therefore , moved as an Amendment on the Amendment of the original Address : —.That all the words after `` afforded , '' in the Resolution of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , should be left out , and the following words inserted in their room— '' grounds for charging his royal `` highness the Duke of York with having `` knowledge of the Corruption which `` has been disclosed by the evidence . '' argued in support of the motion of his right hon . friend , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and contended , that there was nothing in the evidence , which had been taken at the bar during the whole of this arduous investigation , that could in the slightest degree fix his royal highness the Duke of York , either with corruption , participation of corruption , or criminal connivance at corruption . ( Loud coughing . ) rose , amidst loud calls for the question . He assured the house he would not detain them long ; he did not see one thing to substantiate the charge of corruption : from the bottom of his heart he assured them , in the most solemn manner , that he did not believe his royal highness guilty of corruption . ( Here the hon . gentleman was interrupted by loud and reiterated cries of `` question ! question ! '' ) The hon . gentleman concluded , as he had begun , with acquitting the Duke of York of corruption—an impression which he had derived from a most diligent and attentive examination of the vast mass of evidence before the house . said , he had intended to have gone at some length into the