, with whose admirable speech , in most parts of it , I perfectly concur . Though I was sorry to hear it prefaced with a general assertion , that there were different rules of evidence in the courts , for different classes of the community ; to which , nothing 558 but his want of knowledge upon the subject could have led him ; and for which assertion , every man who has been in the habit of attending the courts of justice will concur in saying , there is not the least colour or pretence . Upon the Duke 's knowledge , therefore , of corruption , Mrs . I Clarke remains intirely unconfirmed ; and unless her evidence on this point is to be believed under such a variety of objections , one half of which would have utterly discredited any ordinary witness in any court of justice , the proof of his royal highness 's knowledge of corrupt practices has entirely failed . But , besides this , it is disproved , as far as it is capable of being disproved , and much more effectually than the nature of the case gave any reason to expect , from a variety of circumstances appearing upon the report ; in this view it is material to advert once more to the Letters to Mr. Adam . In the first she says `` he is more in my power `` than may be imagined : '' In the second , `` that she has drawn up the case in paper , `` and has fifty or sixty letters that will prove `` the whole . '' Of this whole , the Duke 's knowledge of the corruption ( if it in truth existed , ) must have formed the principal ingredient ; and yet not one of these fifty or sixty Letters is produced in which there is a word that proves it . Then , the gross improbability of her story as to the Duke 's original suggestion and knowledge of every corrupt act , strengthened as it is , by his positive directions at the very time given to col. Gordon to sift all corrupt practices to the bottom , on whatsoever it might fall , his direct defiance of her threats and malice , when their effect , if he had been conscious of any guilt , could so easily have been stopped ; his forwardness to court enquiry in the most public manner ; the total want of all evidence of knowledge except from Mrs. Clarke , either from letters or conversation ; her repeated injunctions to her confidants , ; proved by Corri and others , to keep all pecuniary transactions a secret from the Duke , that his discovery of it would be her ruin and disgrace ; the case in which the impossibility of his knowledge , in contradiction to her statement , has been so satisfactorily made out , are all circumstances that form such a body of negative evidence against the truth of Mrs. Clarke 's unconfirmed account of what passed in secret between them upon this point , that a mind not anxions to find out guilt where there is no proof of its existence , and not in the habit of substi- 559 tuting groundless suspicion for positive testimony , one should have imagined could not have resisted the conclusion of his royal highness 's perfect innocence upon the charge ; and as to myself , so convinced I am , that there is not only no proof of guilt , but no ground whatever to believe or to suspect it , that were I now to pronounce the last verdict I should ever give upon my most solemn oath , I should lay my hand upon my heart , and most decidedly declare ; `` Not Guilty . '' Whether , supposing him acquitted of all corruption or connivance whatsoever , his permitting her to have access to him upon military matters in the way that has been proved , is a sufficient ground for removing him from his office , is not the question at