Her story is , that in consequence of col. Shaw's-failure to perform his promise , she had got him put upon half-pay : Is it possible that this letter , if it was written to appease her resentment , to implore her forgiveness , and a renewal of her kindness , would take no notice of his offence ? would he take no notice of his obligation , under his former promise , when he is offering fresh terms ? would he not have said , I have broken my faith ; you have done me no more than justice ; but forgive me , I will pay you the 500l . Perhaps it will be said , he could not afford it : but that is not so . He offered her more than what he owed her . Under the former promise he owed her , according to her story , 500l . His present letter offers her 300l . per annum . Would he not have pointed out the superior value of the new offer ? nay , would he not , instead of a new offer , have begun at least by undertaking to pay what was due under the former ? But the letter contains no offer of the kind ; it promises her 300l . a year , while he continues at the Cape of Good Hope . It does not advert to any one thing that is consistent with the story of Mrs. C. He complains of the circumstance of his having been put upon half-pay ; he excepts against it , not as an act of her 's , but upon the ground , that the practice and custom of the army did not warrant his being put upon half-pay . He says , `` Put me in the situation I have been deprived of , do away the present evil , and unite the appointments I have mentioned , and I will annually remit 300l . whilst I remain ; remember , do me justice : Let not any thing prevent this ; allow not self or family , ever to have to say that we owed misfortunes to such a hand. '' —Mrs . C. says , `` He sent me several letters , but I did not trouble myself much with reading them : one of the letters I gave in to night . '' Will any body believe , sir , that this letter , offering 3O0l . a year to Mrs. C , was not worth her reading ? Are we to be So imposed upon , so duped by Mrs. C , as to believe her when she asserts so improbable a falsehood ? 117 Having now shewn , sir , how this document disproves the evidence of Mrs. C. , the house will be prepared the better to follow the evidence , by which the true history of col. Shaw 's appointment is detailed . It appears distinctly , that the promotion of col. Shaw was recommended , and pressed with great earnestness , by sir H. Burrard , and that the terms upon which he was to receive it , were explained to him in the first letter , which gen. Burrard wrote to him upon the subject.—Sir H. Burrard appears to have been impressed with sentiments of gratitude and friendship towards the father of this gentleman , and to have wished to do all in his power for his advancement . He had made repeated applications to the Commander in Chief , which were not attended with success ; and he renewed them again and again . But all this is turned to the account of the accusation : `` Sir H. Burrard could not succeed , but '' Mrs. C. interferes , and success follows of course . '' Unfortunately however , for that observation , it is not true ; Mrs. C. 's application , according to her evidence , had failed as well as sir H. Burrard 's : but sir H. Burrard 's letter to col. Gordon , explains the case . He says , `` To shorten the