, which letter the right hon . gent , added , he would read if called upon to do so . could not conceive such a proceeding regular in this instance , as he had not so considered with regard to the Letter of the Duke of York , which he had intended to make the subject of a specific motion . This intention , however , he was now induced to wave , in consequence of what had occurred since he gave his notice . The house having resolved , that after the resignation of the Duke of York , it was unnecessary to take any further proceeding relative to his case , and the right honourable the Chancellor of the Exchequer having explained , that the most objectionable passage in the Letter alluded to , was hot designed to convey the meaning imputed to it , and which it appeared to him and his friends to import ; but still more , understanding that this objectionable passage was suggested from another quarter , and inserted in the Letter against his royal highness 's own judgment , he was induced to abandon his intended motion . But With 773 respect to the question which stood for the order of the day , he felt it his duty to bring it forward . It was now before the house , and it was for its consideration to dispose of it as it thought proper . was glad to find that the hon . gent . had abandoned the notice he referred to ; at the same time , adding that he was perfectly ready to meet the discussion . As to the explanation mentioned by the hon . gent , as made by him , that , in fact , was stated to the house before the hon . gent . gave his notice , and , therefore , if that explanation were a reason for abandoning the notice , it was also a reason for not giving it at all . He knew nothing of the means of information upon which the hon . gent . grounded his statement respecting any particular paragraph in the Letter alluded to . Certainly , no such information came from him ; but from whatever source it was derived , was immaterial to the main question , for there was not a single position in that Letter which he was not fully prepared to maintain , as conformable to a due regard for the principles of the constitution , and a perfect respect for the privileges of that house , as well as a proper solicitude for the ends of public justice . Therefore , to whomsoever the Letter was imputed , it was not to be imputed as matter of blame , as there was nothing blame able in it . still retained the opinion he had before expressed upon the subject of this Letter , namely , that it was highly unconstitutional and derogatory to the privileges of that house . But yet he felt that it was very natural in the right hon . gent , to entertain a contrary sentiment , as lie was stated to be a principal party in the authorship of that Letter . Indeed , if his information was correct , that really was the case : and , therefore , it was only the author defending his own production . The right hon . gentleman 's readiness to maintain every position in the objectionable part of the Letter was easily to be accounted for ; but still he must say , that the right hon . gent . did not appear , from such readiness , to have a right understanding of the principles of the constitution , or the privileges of that house . It was to be recollected , that the right hon . gent , had explained twice relative to this Letter , and he rather thought that it was the second explanation which formed one of the grounds stated by his hon . friend for abandoning his notice , and which explanation was made after the no- 774 tice was