Mrs. Clarke , on the contrary , had been examined in a hostile way , and for a much greater length of time ; it would not be surprising that she should have fallen into some contradictions on lesser points , when those gentlemen had fallen into contradictions on essential points . It would be recollected that Mrs. Clarke had been examined eight times , for near three hours at a time ; that she experienced no favour , but , on the contrary , was examined on every subject on which it would be most painful for her to answer ; and some of those contradictions , which had been relied on , had come out at the end of a long and harrassing examination , when contradictions might naturally be expected . Considering all the unfavourable circumstances under which she was examined , he really thought that she was as good and credible a witness as ever attended at the bar of that house . When the twelve Judges of the land had laid it down , that an accomplice , if considered a credible witness , was sufficient to prove a case , even where the life of a subject was at stake , he should say , that believing Mrs. Clarke to be , in every respect , a credible witness , it was his firm opinion , that by every principle of law and reason , the Duke must -necessarily be considered guilty of corruption . The case did not rest on the testimony of Mrs. Clarke alone , for never was evidence more fully corroborated . The first strong circumstance of corroboration was , the ex-pence of the establishment in Gloucester-place . He was surprised , that the hon . and learned gent , who had preceded him , ( Mr. Leach ) , had travelled out of the record , and argued upon things merely asserted , as if they had been proved . What sort of a story was that which had been told about the Duke 's manner of drawing on his bankers ? If the Duke wanted 200l . and meant to give 100l . to Mrs. Clarke , was it credible that he would have taken the trouble to draw two drafts instead of one ? If Mrs. Clarke had expended 314 the sums she stated , it would not be wonderful , as she was known to be a thoughtless woman , of dissipated and expensive habits . Mrs. Clarke , however , did not forget , but stated particulars , which could not be contradicted . She had said , that in her establishment in Gloucester-place , she kept six or eight horses , two carriages , eight or nine men-servants , man-cook , & c. ; that she entertained expensively , gave champagne , and lived in the highest stile in town ; and that she had , besides , a country-house , where two or three servants were always kept . Now , whether the Duke allowed her one thousand a year , or two thousand , it was evidently insufficient to support such an establishment . It appeared to him that less than 10,000l . a year would not have done it . He was sure that he could not keep up such appointments under 10,000l . a year , but he should suppose that such a thoughtless woman as she was would have expended above double that sum . That the Duke did not allow her money sufficient to support this establishment , was a thing that was highly probable , when it was considered that the Duke was at that time a most distressed man , as she had represented him to be . The loan that he was negociating with Kennet at that precise time shewed that he was a very distressed man . It appeared that in consequence of this negociation about a loan , Kennet was recommended by the Duke of York to a high situation ; and it was contrived that sir Horace Mann should be applied to , to support this recommendation , in order to make