her declarations as to the Duke 's knowledge of her receipt of money for military promotion . Now the accounts given by Pierson , and that given by her , as Pierson 's account to her , even if true , do not confirm her in her declarations . She says , Pierson called it a 50l . note ; but in her evidence she has always referred to a 200l . bank note , and no other . Pierson , on his first examination , says , that the note which Ludowick changed , was changed in the morning , not in the evening ; that it was given by the housekeeper ; and that it was some morning , a little time before Mrs. C. went to Worthing , in 1805 . When asked if he saw a note given to Ludowick to change in the evening , he says , he did not . This evidence , therefore , can not avail . But he is called back on a future day , it being represented by the honourable mover of these charges that on his first examination he bad laboured under a head-acb , wbich deprived him of his memory . He has his former evidence read to him , and is asked if he has any alteration or addition to make to it , he says , `` no alteration ; '' and then goes on to say , `` one night that the D. of Y. went to Weymouth , about 11 o'clock I was sent out to get a bill changed ; I went out and got it changed , and brought it in to Mrs. C , who looked , it over and said it was all right . The Duke was present when I received it from Mrs. C. and gave it back to her . '' He says , `` he thinks it was 100l. , but is not certain . That he got it changed at Byfield and Bridge-man 's , confectioners ; Mr. and Mrs. Bridge-man changed it ; that he went to Stephen 's , in Bond-street , and they could not do it for him . '' Here is not one word of the Duke directing him to Stephen 's , nor any evidence of h. r. h. interfering , or having any thing to do with it , further than being present . is called , and she says `` she remembers Pierson calling in the end of July , 1805 , with a note ; she can not recollect exactly what passed , but she did not change the note . She did not see the note , but thinks he said it was 100l . '' Ludowick in his evidence proved to be the only ser- 335 vant of h. r. h. who ever attended him in Gloucester place , says , that be never was sent with any note to change from Gloucester-place . So that this confirmatory evidence to support Mrs. C. 's declarations of the Duke 's knowledge of her guilt is reduced to nothing . The 200l . note turns out not to be a 200l. , but a 100l . note ; and according to Mrs. C. 's own account of Pierson 's testimony , a 50l . The order of the Duke to his servant to get changed what her servants could not get changed , proves to be without foundation . Whatever note was carried , was done by her servant , not by the Duke 's , —by her orders , not by the Duke 's and where it was changed , or whether it was ever changed does not appear . It is clear , from Pierson 's evidence that it was not changed at Stephens 's ; and it is clear from Mrs. Bridgeman 's evidence that it was not changed by her . The main confirmation brought forward by her to support her evidence being thus in the end absolutely given up and controverted by her concluding declaration , it seems unnecessary even to refer to the contradictions which have been so