to the issue of this conversation having or not having occurred , they could find the Duke guilty either of personal corruption or criminal connivance , upon such evidence . He at the same time admitted the great probability of the Duke having occasionally conversed with this woman on military matters . She had evidently a great share of his confidence , and it was natural to suppose that in a connection of so tender a nature , the Duke might have , in the most innocent manner , referred to such military business as at any particular time much engrossed his thoughts . It appeared that he was displeased with the manner in which col. French 's levy went on , and it was therefore not unlikely that in a momentary effusion of anger , he had expressed himself indignantly against French , and that the expressions he then used might be at this length of time so coloured as to bear upon a charge of corruption . Miss Taylor might , perhaps , be incapable of submitting to be instrumental to this , but it was still to be recollected that she was in long and close intimacy with Mrs. Clarke , and that Mrs. Clarke had served her . As for Mrs. Clarke , he believed her capable not only of applying falsely such a conversation , but of engrafting it upon the false foundation of a malicious charge . But taking the words as deposed to by Miss Taylor , still they did not warrant the construction , that the Duke of York had any personal knowledge of the criminal transactions passing between Mrs. Clarke and col. French ; but not only would he say that no corruption was proved , but he denied that there was any ground for concluding the Duke of 284 York guilty of criminal connivance , for who would take upon him to say , that it had been proved that the Duke of York knew of Mrs. Clarke 's receiving money from col. French , for the raising this levy , though there could be no doubt that a woman of her abandoned nature would not hesitate to charge the Duke as a participator in her own guilt ; like another harpy , she would fly to the feast to taint , and to destroy . It was not possible to say what she would not attempt to do ; but the house would know well to what limit they would believe her.—The charge respecting col. French 's Levy had been already so ably handled , that he should not trouble the house with a repetition of the arguments which had already been so ably put.—With respect to Tonyn 's case , the only circumstance that connected it with the Duke of York was the Note which had been found in Sandon 's possession . But it was very doubtful on the face of it , whether that note was written by his royal highness or not . So much doubt , indeed , had he about it , that he could not reconcile his mind to believe that it was , and that it related , as charged , to a criminal transaction . He rather believed that it had been forged by Mrs. Clarke for the purpose of defrauding Tonyn , through the medium of her agent Sandon . No one who considered the abandoned character of this woman could hesitate to believe that she seized on every thing within her reach , with the rapacity of a harpy . It had been proved that she possessed great facility in the imitation of hand-writing . The character of her own hand-writing had some resemblance to that of his royal highness the Duke of York . Many gentlemen , well acquainted with various hands , whose business it was to detect forgeries , and in which they shewed themselves very clever and intelligent , had doubts as to the Note being the hand-writing of the Duke . Indeed , any member , who took the trouble of carefully examining Mrs. Clarke 's letters , would perceive , that they