h. Notwithstanding the characters of Donovan and Sandon , the only witnesses to the preliminary part of this case , I think it has not been disputed , that the influence of Mrs. C was sought , through the medium of Sandon , by Donovan , for the purpose of forwarding the promotion of capt . Tonyn ; and that the sum of 500l . was actually paid by major Tonyn upon the accomplishment of his wishes . I will just notice that Sandon , who has told you , that he paid several sums of money to Mrs. C. on his own account , and that of col. French , but believed that both he and French had been duped by her ; for that , in fact , she had no such influence as she pretended to have ; ( capt . Sandon was always incredulous upon this subject , and had communicated his incredulity to col . French ! ) did , after that transaction , bargain with Donovan to procure that influence which he did not believe to exist , and received a valuable consideration upon the performance of that which he declares it was not in Mrs. C. 's power to perform . Sir , I allow it to have been proved , that on the 27th of June 1803 , gen. Tonyn , the father of capt . Tonyn , and the commanding officer of the regiment in which he served , did recommend his son to the Commander in Chief for a majority ; that capt . Tonyn did present a memorial to the same effect in March 1804 ; and that an official answer was returned by col. Clinton , saying , that his application should 202 be considered on a favourable opportunity : that , in August 1804 , an augmentation did take place of 50 battalions , and that Tonyn was then appointed to a majority , together with 52 others , whose names appeared in the same gazette . It must , however , be conceded to me , to have been as fully proved , that major Tonyn believed the influence of Mrs. C. would expedite his promotion ; that he deposited 500l . in the hands of Mr. Gilpin , a very respectable army clothier ; and at length , that on being gazetted , he was so well convinced the influence he had intended to purchase , had been efficacious , that he actually paid the money : having , in the interval between the deposit and the final payment , threatened , on account of the delay , to withdraw it.—In this case we find the mysterious note which has been mentioned by the right hon . gent . and the learned judge . It has been swelled into a size and importance which by no means belong to it , by the manner in which it was originally announced ; by the extraordinary circumstances attending its production , and by the fruitless attempts which have since been made to invalidate it . I believe it to be genuine . Sir , I was one of the depositaries of the secret , that such a note had existed , and from the manner in which the communication was made to me , by my learned friend Mr. Adam , I thought the note was as dead as Homer , and so I am sure did he . I therefore waited patiently for the moment , at which the friends of the Duke should deem it most convenient to disclose the conduct of capt . Sandon to the House : and my only duty was , to watch that such disclosure was at some time or other made . The Chancellor of the Exchequer selected the time he thought the most opportune . I have since learnt , with great astonishment , that before he entered upon his narrative , he was given to understand the note was still alive . I have to complain of the right hon . gent . that he did not explicitly state the fact , of which he had become