their authors , or from the ingenuity of the performances , he has not vouchsafed to tell us ; and it was only by the evidence produced at your bar , that he was happily undeceived ; that he discovered his own error , and the immaculate conduct of the D. of York . Sir , I came to the question , under the same impressions as the learned judge , as far as they regard my honourable friend , of whose integrity I felt sure ; but my impressions differed from his , as 165 relating to h. r. h. , for I disbelieved the stories told of the Duke of York . I shall hereafter have occasion to return to the speech of the learned judge , and to examine how far prejudices and partialities have produced their usual effects upon his judgment.—Sir , the Chancellor of the Exchequer , having delivered to us a precept not to deal in unhandsome insinuations against each other , alluding to what has passed in the course of former debates , proceeded to state that he was quite sure , that my hon . friend ( Mr. Wardle ) had not consulted his own manly feelings in offering his proposition to the house : that it was the production of cooler heads , of men who carry their meaning beyond that of my hon . friend , and further than they care to let him know . Insinuating , that he is under the direction of some unnamed persons . If the right hon . gent . means to say , that my hon . friend has lent himself , to further the selfish views of mischievous people , or that he himself entertains any views , other than those which an honourable man ought to entertain , and such as are unworthy of an independent member of parliament , those assertions I would venture flatly to deny.—Who are the persons he means to designate as men of cool heads , I know not . The right hon . gent . has not told us . If by mixing himself in counsel with cooler heads , was meant , that my hon . friend had in a matter of such difficulty and importance consulted men on whose ability and judgment he had reliance ; it charges him with no more than his duty , and may be received as a compliment . Assuming the expression to have been ironical , it deserves the contempt of my hon . friend , notwithstanding the quarter from which it came.—As nothing , sir , was ever more interesting to the public , than this whole proceeding , and as it is essential the world should know who the conspirators are , if any there be , or rather who they are not , I shall beg leave to advert to the origin of the accusation , which I do for no other purpose , than that my hon . friend may stand on his proper ground . Sir , it is far from being matter of reproach to a member of parliament , that he asks the advice , or assistance of other members , in any business he may undertake , or to any member that he affords them , but I think it right , that the fact should appear as it really is , even in a minute particular . — It has been supposed , that in the beginning my honourable friend had advisers , whom he 166 did not chuse to bring forward , and who dared not avow themselves . Such a sup position is as unfounded , as it is unworthy of my honourable friend , and of those who have supported him . Some things were said in the earlier part of the investigation , evidently with a view to induce a disclaimer of all connection with my hon . friend , and his cause : and some advantage was attempted to be taken of him in that way , at the time when one of the charges which he exhibited against the Duke was supposed