terror.—The right hon . gent , then adverted to the Spanish Paper containing the 'Precautious ' , which had been regarded as new , but which , in fact , was nothing more than an adjudication of a subject which had often been discussed in that house . His lordship , he said , had triumphed over his own measures . He boasted that l25,000 volunteers had entered into the Local Militia . Why , he understood that the volunteers were the force on which of all others the country might depend . His lordship had now done that of which the insinuation had subjected him ( Mr. W. ) to reproach for two years . He contended , that the noble lord had put the country to a great expence , for which he had got worse than nothing , as he had only locked up the men who would otherwise have been disposable . The whole measure was merely an augmentation of the militia upon a very bad plan , and if it had not been adopted by others , it was because though it encreased the number of men it did not increase the force of the country ; or if it did , it did not do so in a way proportionate to the expence and the injury to the regular army . doubted the propriety of reducing the bounty , but said , that the measure had been received with great satisfaction throughout the country , and he approved of it . It would produce a strong military feeling in the country , which was a necessary object in the present circumstances of Europe . He hoped , in case of invasion , that this would be found a most adequate force , and worthy the confidence of the regular army and of the country Upon an emergency , there was no doubt that the officers would be willing to part With the men , if means could be found to have them commanded by officers of experience . He thought the people would not grudge the money necessary for placing the country in a stale of the fullest security , if real abuses were reformed . rose , pursuant to notice , to move for leave to bring in a Bill to prevent the Sale and 821 Brokerage of Offices . He staled that the only laws on this subject at present were the Act of the 12th of Richard the 2d , which went to prevent the Officers of Justice appointing improper persons ; and the act of the 5th or 6th of Edward the 6th , which prohibited the sale of these Offices . The practices lately disclosed consisted not in the sale of offices by those who had the power to give them away , but in the arts of those who pretended to have influence over such persons , and issued public advertisements , giving occasion to the notion that these abuses prevailed to a much greater extent than they actually did . This was the description of abuse which his proposed law had in contemplation . He had already mentioned , that the persons in a certain office , who had carried on this trade , were under prosecution , ( Kylock and Co. ) As there were several persons in that concern , they , were prosecuted for a conspiracy , but if there had been only one individual , he did not see how the law , as it at present stood , could have reached him , though , perhaps , he might be indicted for obtaining money under false pretences . The material point then would be to make it highly penal to solicit money for procuring offices , or to circulate , any advertisement with that view . This circumstance would go further than any other to check this abuse . His object was not to trench on the exceptions to the sale of offices that were now expressly admitted of . He concluded by moving for leave to bring in the bill . would not object to the motion , but he could