house of Mrs. C , before 176 the matters came to the office , that this scene of corruption is laid , and with a studious and successful endeavour to elude the vigilance of all official persons . Again , the right hon . gent , insists , that Mrs. C. is not to be believed because she comes here , urged by sentiments of rancour , hatred and malice , against the D. of Y. , because she is irritated by his desertion of her , because she threatened to expose him upon his non-compliance with her terms , and finally because she has brought him here for the purpose of exposing him . Sir , if my belief of her , is to depend upon my opinion that the assertions I have just quoted , are well founded or otherwise , I should be compelled to believe , because I do not find a solid foundation for any one of them . First , Sir , I deny that there has appeared , in the examination of Mrs. Clarke at the bar of this house , any symptoms of a deep-laid plan of revenge . It would not indeed be very extraordinary , if Mrs. Clarke , should be actuated by strong feelings of resentment ; for upon the case disclosed , the conduct of the D. of Y. in withholding from her the annuity he had promised her , does not appear to me to be justified by any conduct of hers , and is far from creditable to him . I have formed my opinion on this matter not upon the statement of Mrs. C. alone ; but upon that statement confirmed by the evidence of Mr. Lowten and Mr. Wilkinson , who were called to prove , what had been communicated to the house by my hon . friend Mr. Adam , for whom I have the highest respect , but who in fact did not quite make good all that he had been led to believe was true . I agree with the Chancellor of the Exchequer that the annuity ought to have been given unconditionally , and that the amount of it ought to have been more liberal . I see- no pretence for the non-payment of it . It is not proved to us that she used the D. of Y . 's name for the purpose of obtaining money after their separation . Even if she had , I should have thought it a harsh measure , to have punished her by depriving her of the only means she had of subsistence ; which punishment at the same time would have been wholly ineffectual to its purpose , or indeed must have counteracted it . But the penalty was never incurred , for it is not proved that she acted at any time incorrectly , according to the interpretation of the word given by my learned friend . Be that as it may , I deny that the irritation produced in her mind by this natural cause of re- 177 sentment against the Duke , is such as ought to make us incredulous of what she says . In the next place I do not agree with the right hon . gent . that she has threatened to expose h. r. h. for the purpose of extorting money from him . True it is , that driven to great pecuniary distress , she did inform my learned friend Mr. Adam , that she should be under the necessity of having recourse to the means which were in her power to obtain a supply . Sir , I refer to the letter addressed by Mrs. C. to Mr. Adam of the 19th June 1808 . I protest , I see nothing in that letter which can justify the expression applied to it by the right hon . gentleman . Her repeated applications to the D. of Y. had failed ; three quarters only of her miserable pittance had been paid . She was then compelled to solicit , for that is the expression , of h. r. h. , the payment of