still , the evidence which had substantiated them . The house could not avoid seeing there were stubborn facts established ; some not at all depending on the testimony of Mrs. C. ; some upon her testimony corroborated by that of others , together with circumstances and documents which could not lie . These could not be shaken by the sophistry or the reasoning , however ingenious , of the learned gent . ; the evidence was clear , corroborated , and unquestionable , and not to be brought into doubt by the very questionable logic or various hypothesis of the hon . gent . By admitting nothing that made against the D. of Y. , not even the existence of the influence of Mrs. C , in order to get rid of the charges altogether , and to dear h. r. h. completely , he had shown himself , however ingenious his defence might be thought , an unwise advocate : it rendered the whole glaringly weak ; and by putting all upon the same issue , both those parts which were defensible and those which in the mind of every other person admitted of no defence , the whole fell to the ground together . A learned judge , ( Burton , ) who spoke before the Chancellor of the Exchequer , also laboured hard to show , ( and as unsuccessfully as the learned gent , who followed him , ) that Mrs. C. 's testimony ought not to be believed . The learned judge had stated that , after a scrupulous attention to the evidence , this was his conviction ; for she had contradicted herself 28 times . If that had been the fact , it would certainly have been a very formidable objection ; and he had listened to the learned judge in the expectation of having pointed out to him these 38 contradictions ; but how was he disappointed in the learned judge contenting himself with only pointing out two , and those of do moment in themselves , and not contradictions of herself , but of other witnesses ; one , that she had once passed for a widow : another , that she had represented herself as Mrs. Dowler : and which were not proved to be otherwise 372 than she herself had stated ; and if they had , would not have signified a single straw ! The contradiction of one person by another , especially in circumstances of mere memory , of little moment , and long past , could never affect the credit of any witness ; and indeed , as in the instance before us , these contradictions were often more apparent than real , and two persons with the strongest disposition to speak truth might vary in their testimony . It was singular in Mrs. C. that you say the worst of her at first ; she came to the bar in that situation , and which was the most discreditable thing about her , the situation in which she lived with h. r. b. the D. of Y. ; and every attempt that had been made to diminish her credit further , had only served to place it in a more advantageous point of view . With regard to another most important witness , Miss Taylor , she was altogether unimpeachable ; she had been attempted to be impeached because she was an illegitimate child , which only furnished an additional suspicion of the weakness of the defence , even in the opinion of those who had undertaken it ; and of the unfairness of the means which had been resorted to in order to give a colouring to the case favourable to the Duke of York . The learned Judge had , upon rules of evidence never before , he believed , heard of , peremptorily declared the whole of the testimony inadmissible : documents and all were set aside , as not weighing a feather against the character of the D. of Y . In this manner the whole was got rid of ; and it was obvious that by this method there