and its manner quite superfluous—if not something more than superfluous . Considering as he did the mode of * proceeding by resolution as the most proper and constitutional , he could not concur in the simple course by address , nor in the amendment of his right hon . friend , which consolidated both . If the house should agree to the resolution , he could not perceive any necessity for resorting to an address . According to his apprehension , unless the house had something to communicate to his majesty respecting the result of its proceedings , it was neither advisable nor constitutional to vote an address . He was disposed to pay every regard to the con- 155 nection between the illustrious person accused and his majesty , on such an occasion , but still he must contend that , in a parliamentary sense , that house was not called upon to communicate by address to his majesty the proceedings it may think proper to resort to upon the subject . His majesty would be made acquainted with them through the same channels of information , by which he learned the proceedings of either house of parliament . It would be absurd to lay at the foot of the throne , an address merely containing an account of their proceedings . The preferable step , in his opinion , would be , to take the sense of the house on a resolution , that h. r. h. had by his conduct exposed himself to undue influence in the discharge of his important duties . Should the house determine in the affirmative on this resolution , it might be acted upon by h. r. h. and considering the relation that existed between his majesty and h. r. h. , he did conceive that this would be greatly preferrable to any address to the king , conveying the sentiments of the house upon the subject . He concurred entirely in the opinion of his right hon . friend , that no corrupt motives could be imputed to h. r. h , ; but , painful as the declaration was , it was a duty imperative upon him to state , that in the view which he had taken of the evidence , it appeared to him too clearly established , that h. r. h. had exposed himself to an undue influence . There was no occasion then for multiplying resolutions preparatory to the last ; when one resolution might answer the purpose sufficiently ; for it was more manly in the house to come to a direct and positive opinion at once . The first resolution therefore of his right hon . friend appeared to him quite unnecessary , as not being very material to the subject of the charge . What he should propose was , that the house should come to a resolution acquitting h. r. h. of personal corruption , but , at the same time so clearly and decidedly intimating its opinion upon the other parts of the case , that h. r. h. should feel the necessity of resigning , rather than that the parental feelings of his majesty should be disturbed by an address from that house for the removal of his own son . Every part of the case , which disclosed any ground of blame attributable to the D. of Y. might and ought to form part of this resolution . He was ready to repeat that he most fully acquitted h. r. h. of all personal corruption ; but there were other parts of his con- 156 duct which called for reprehension , and would fully justify the Resolution , which it was his intention to propose . Something more in the way of censure , than the Resolutions proposed by his right hon . friend , was essentially necessary ; if it were only for an admonition and example to other princes . But there was still more due to public morality . Of the whole of the latter part of the second Resolution of his right hon . friend he decidedly disapproved ; because it appeared to be grounded