the less the duty of the house to proceed to a distinct consideration of what would still remain behind , after we have disposed of the corpus delicti charged against the Duke of York . That consideration is matter of separate question . It is matter important enough to engage the undivided attention of the house . But the criminal charge being to be negatived , it is not ingenuous , it is not just , to involve the clear acquittal upon that main point with matters which are dubious ; and which , though important enough in themselves , are comparatively of far less importance . If you are to pronounce the acquittal upon the main charge ; if that acquittal is deserved , yon have no right to clog it , and to diminish its value by the mixture of an imperfect censure upon the inferior allegations . It is due to the person arraigned to pronounce unequivocally , as to guilt or innocence , upon the criminal matter charged , before we descend to refinements and shades of culpability deserving of reprehension , if you will , but not to be mixed with the substantial issue on which the Duke of York is tried . In some respects my hon . friend 's Address is more unjustifiable than the original one ; in respect to its mixture and confusion of charges . The original Address insinuates corruption and connivance , but concludes , upon negligence at least , supposing connivance not proved . My hon . friend finds two or three shades to interpose between connivance and mere negligence ; just as in the time of Robespierre , a scale and graduation of suspicion were invented for the cases of persons whom he wished to condemn . There were first the criminal , then the suspicious persons ; and then there was a third class , not actually suspicious , but suspected of being so—soupçonnés détre suspects . I am far from desiring that any man should consider his opinion as pledged , by the vote of this night , not to examine diligently into those parts of the case of which the vote of to-night does not dispose . I do not consider my own as so pledged , by the vote which I shall this night give . But in attempting to evade the graver charge which you must , in justice , decide , by the interposition of his confounding and generalizing Address , my hon . friend puts an impediment in the way of what I consider as the plain course of justice , which I must try 629 to remove by my vote , before I can come to any second Resolution . The subject of the first Resolution , and a Resolution it must be , is `` Guilty or not guilty of corruption , or criminal connivance ? It is very line to talk of taking a comprehensive view of a case . A comprehensive view is a very right view to take , when by being comprehensive , it does not become indistinct : but to walk in twilight when you may walk in broad day , is a choice no way intelligible on principles of reasoning , and no way defensible on principles of justice . Sir , I have said that our course should be , not by Address , but by Resolution . I should say , with little qualification , that the course recommended by the lion , mover , and adopted by my bolt , friend , is unprecedented , lie will not find instances of decision by Address as the result of inquiries in the house of commons , except in cases where either some previous proceeding , such as an examination by commissioners , had taken place ; or where some ulterior proceeding , such as legal prosecution or impeachment , were in contemplation . It has been said , indeed , that if there is any thing unjust or inconvenient in the mode proposed , ministers are answerable for it ; for that we advised and encouraged the examination at the