that might be urged against that course . In the Letter which his royal highness had 571 been advised to write to the house , but which he ( lord Temple ) deeply regretted he had written , and which he sincerely wished with his hon . and learned friend , could be blotted for ever from their recollection and expunged from their Journals , his royal highness objected to the evidence against him being received without the sanction of an oath ; but as in the former case , so in this , he contended , that his royal highness ought to have made that objection at the commencement of the inquiry , and that not having done so , he had no right to make it at the conclusion . Numerous complaints had also been made of the prejudices that existed on the subject of this investigation . That prejudices existed with respect to the charges against his royal highness , he most willingly allowed . In some of those prejudices he confessed that he participated . It was natural that those , who in their own persons , or in their families , had received obligations from the royal Duke , should be prejudiced in his favour . It was natural that those , who contemplated the benefits that had accrued to the army during the administration of his royal highness ( benefits which he admitted to their fullest extent , ) should be prejudiced in his favour . It was natural that those who felt as he did at the opening of the business , and who could not believe that the facts then alledged could possibly be substantiated , should be prejudiced in his favour . Of such prejudices no man need be ashamed . Unquestionably there were also prejudices of a different description ; prejudices inseparable from the publicity of the course of proceeding that had been adopted in that house ; but those prejudices could not now be urged in bar of judgment , by those at whose recommendation that course of proceeding had been preferred . He lamented that such prejudices should have taken so strong and general a hold on the public mind , as it was impossible for them to disguise from themselves they had done . He completely coincided in opinion with the right hon . gent . opposite , and with the hon . bart . ( sir Tho . Turton ) who had spoken from the same bench with him , that it was incumbent on the house to come to a specific decision on the charges of corruption , criminal participation and connivance ; and he lamented that the Charges were not of a more specific nature . It was much to be regretted that they had not been produced on the table . The accusations against the Duke of York had been ori- 572 ginally made in the preliminary speech of the hon . gentleman behind him ; evidence had subsequently been heard at the bar ; and out of that evidence the charges had arisen . It was the bounden duty of the house to determine on all the Charges that had been preferred , not only on those of corruption , or participation , or connivance , but on the misconduct of his royal highness in permitting such a woman as Mrs. Clarke to interfere in military matters , and to make recommendations for military preferments to him , to which he allowed himself to listen . On all these accusations it was the duty of the house to decide . But , did he therefore think that they were to be decided upon in the mass ? That they were to be decided upon without distinction ? Certainly not . Whether the mode of proceeding by Address , or the mode of proceeding by Resolutions , should be ultimately adopted by the house , he should take good care before he voted to ascertain on which specific charge he was called upon to vote ; whether on the charge of corruption ; on the charge of participation ; on the charge of