it would be unjust to condemn any man without trial , or upon the evidence taken at the bar of that House , and an impeachment was called for if there were a doubt of guilt . But would any man say , after the experience which our history presented , when disputes prevailed between the lords and commons , when acquittal 0was certain where it was the 652 object to punish , but most particularly after recent cases , which all must remember , and which it was therefore unnecessary to mention , would any man say , or was it to be understood , that because it was not proposed to impeach , no proceeding should be taken ? It was argued , that nothing decisive should be done in that house , because the evidence was not examined on oath , but he would appeal to the judgment of any man , and particularly to the experience of any lawyer , whether the truth had not been fully elicited from every witness examined in the course of this inquiry ; at least , whether any truth had escaped discovery in consequence of the omission of an oath . This omission was not , in fact , any objection to the validity of an investigation at the bar of that house . The powers of the house had been called inquisitorial . They might be so ; but where could such powers for the public benefit he vested with so much safety as in the representatives of the people . He had heard of rules of evidence , but he should be sorry to see the judgment of that house fettered by any rules in a case of this nature . For he should deem rules inconsistent with the object of their inquiry . He was glad that he was not bound by any thing but his own feeling when coming to the decision of this case . It was much to be regretted by him , and others who thought with him , that the Chancellor of the Exchequer persisted in pressing the question to a dry aye or no . Suppose any persons should answer in the negative , then it might be asked of the right hon . gent . `` what have you done for the Duke of York ? '' For himself , he would declare , conscientiously , before God , that he did not think personal corruption was proved against the Duke of York ; but he was much afraid there were others who , conscientiously , thought very differently . Did , then , the right hon . gent , forget that the verdict of a Jury in this house was not like that of an ordinary one ? The numbers were known and told here . Suppose that in a minority on this case names and numbers should appear dryly and distinctly to say `` no , '' how would the right hon . gent . feel , or how would the friends of the Duke of York feel towards him ? There were many who would pronounce generally in favour of the Duke of York in an Address , for instance , who could not do so if called upon to decide with respect to each particular case , and yet the Chanceller of the Exchequer , sensible as he ought to be of this , was pursuing a course which would justify the 653 call for a decision upon each case separately . Any member might say , `` you think the Duke quite innocent upon the whole , but what think you of this particular case or of that ? `` —If the Chancellor of the Exchequer were so tenacious of the character of the Duke of York as he professed , he ought to have suggested to his royal highness—he ought to have felt himself , that it was infinitely important to the public service , particularly at present , that no one should hold any high office to whom the public could attach even doubt or suspicion ( a loud cry of hear !