incontrovertibly established by my learned friend ( Mr . Leach . ) I should not therefore , even allude to what she said with regard to the time of her application to the Duke for the exchange , were it not important to observe , that when she differs as to the time , from Mr. Knight , and Dr. Thyune , that the time she fixes for having made her application is material , because it proves her determination to ascribe a time near the gazetting , in order to shew the influence she possessed , and with what dispatch she promoted the exchange ; but in doing so she fixes on a day , unfortunately , subsequent to that on which it appears by the official documents that the exchange was accomplished . The knowledge , then , which the D. of Y. had of her share in this transaction is reduced to her mere declaration , unsupported by any other testimony of any kind ; and as she is discredited in the very circumstances which she brings forward as corroborative , there can not be any conclusion of guilt , or of a guilty knowledge or connivance on the part of h. r. h. I come now to the confirmatory , or corroborative evidence , in the case of French 's levy , and I think I shall be able to shew , that that evidence is equally ineffectual , as to the proof of the D. of Y . 's knowledge of the corrupt transactions respecting it ; and that the payment of money for that levy by 336 French , or Sandon , to Mrs. C , was never known to h. r. h. The evidence of confirmation in this case consists ; First , of the manner in which the levy was disbanded , or put an cud to ; Secondly , in the circumstance of the plate having been bought from Parker by her payment of 500l . of that money , as part of the price of it , and that the remainder of the payment , the Duke knowing this first source , was paid by h. r. h. ; Thirdly , the conversation related by Miss Taylor . The first of these grounds arises out of the documents , and does not originate with Mrs. C. The two last originate entirely from her , and under circumstances such as will receive , when I come to them , observations which I conceive to be of the utmost importance in order to destroy this testimony , and to shew that it falls from under her . As to the first it has been observed by my hon . friend ( Mr. whitbread ) and by the noble lord who spoke last , that the unwillingness with which the Duke put an end to the levy , and the gentle terms in which he expressed himself when he did disband it , are strong circumstances to prove that he knew of the benefit which Mrs. C. derived from it . In this part of the case there are many observations to be made which I shall omit , because they have been already made , and as I think , conclusively ; I shall confine myself merely to the facts which relate to the levy being put an end to . It appears that representations came from Dublin early in January , 1805 , respecting the impediments to the recruiting levy ; that h. r. h. immediately ordered an inquiry into it ; that this , however , did not prevent the Commander in Chief from directing gen. Whitelocke to communicate to col. French his determination to discontinue the levy , unless a very considerable increase should take place in the numbers recruited . Gen. whitelocke 's letter is dated the 2nd of February , 1805 , and appears clearly to be in obedience to the D. of Y . 's commands . Here there is evidence that h. r. h. had taken steps to announce the eventual discontinuance of the levy . This at least is no proof that he was