the Portuguese minister , and that it might be ascertained whether the measures adopted in Portugal were with his consent , or contrary to his wish ? His lordship concluded by moving for the Letter to sir Hew Dalrymple , containing Instructions for forming the Regency . admitted that such Instructions were sent to sir H. Dalrymple : there must of course , in the execution of such a measure be something left to his discretion , but ministers were responsible for the measure . He could not , however , consent to the production of the dispatch alluded to . There were necessarily in it , allusions to the conduct of individuals , and particular instructions founded upon those comments which it would be improper to make public : upon another ground also he objected to it . Having reconquered Portugal for our ancient ally , it was the object of his majesty 's government to reestablish , as far as possible , the government which had been established there by the legitimate authority of the sovereign . The Regency had therefore been formed as a provisionary government , until the decision of the Prince Regent of Portugal should be 643 known upon the subject , information of what had been done having been sent to Rio Janeiro . No determination respecting it had yet been received from the Portugese government at the Brazils ; and he , therefore , upon this and the other ground which he had stated , objected to the production of the paper , which , at the same time there was no necessity to produce . thought , that ministers very ill supported the wish they had expressed , that the fullest information upon this subject should be laid before the house , when they refused the document now moved for , and which it was of great importance should be in the possession of their lordships . protested against the principle set up by the noble Secretary of State , that an admission of the fact stated , should serve instead of the document wished for , which contained the motives and circumstances of the transaction . If the patriotism and ardour of the Portuguese was less displayed than it had been in an earlier period of the contest , was it not of importance the house should have the means of ascertaining , if this was to be attributed to any measure of our own government , which had been unsatisfactory to the people ? contended , that no sufficient : ground had been laid for the production of the paper , and that the admission of his noble friend , would answer every purpose that could be answered by the production of such extract of the document , as it might be deemed advisable to produce , and which would probably amount to nothing more than to what his noble friend had stated . urged the necessity of having the paper before the house . It would indeed be making short work of their proceedings , if they were to accept the admission of a Minister instead of the papers elucidating the facts . They say we admit the act , but that was not enough , we must know the motives that led to the act , and the grounds on which it rested , and thus be enabled to judge of the proceeding , which it was impossible they could do from the mere admission of the noble Secretary of State . opposed the production of the paper , observing , that it would be an extraordinary proceeding to doubt the veracity of his noble friend ; and that there might be considerable aukwardness if the 644 house of lords should disapprove of the Regency which the government of Portugal should afterwards approve . denied that there was any attempt to doubt the veracity of the noble Secretary of State ; the unfitness of the paper to be produced , from its containing matter that ought not to be made public , was a matter of opinion , and not a matter of fact . He was decidedly