as well as the Amendment seemed to be to remove the Duke from the command of the army . If he were brought to the necessity of agreeing to such an Address , as he undoubtedly was not , he should still extremely deplore such a circumstance as affecting the interests , the discipline , and the felings of the army . Much had been said of the danger of placing the princes at the head of any establishments , on account of their not being responsible . But look at the military history of the country , and it would be found that the army never was in such good condition as when our princes were at the head of it . This was the case in the time of king William , who was himself a soldier , and who managed 288 the whole of the administration of the army with the assistance of Mr. Braithwaite . It was also the case when the army was under the command of the Duke of Cumberland , in the war of the Succession , when it was crowned with eternal glory by the victory of Minden , and the names of Townshend and others were rendered illustrious under the councils of lord Chatham . In addition to these instances , there was the army formed by the Duke of York , than which there could not be a better . No man would deny that it was equal to any in Europe . This the country owed to the indefatigable zeal and application of the Duke of York . It was impossible , therefore , not to deplore that such a man should be removed from it , and that the command should be placed in the hands of a person or persons , he would not say , not fit for it , but certainly not so fit as his royal highness.—One word as to responsibility . Could any one say that the Duke was not responsible ? What was he now ? Was he not now in fact upon his trial ? Might he not be called upon to pay the penalty of the neglect that was imputed to him , of the corruption of which he was accused ? —In the four transactions which were brought forward , there was not , he would contend , the smallest proof of personal corruption , or corrupt participation ; and so absolved , was he to be removed from his command , and loaded with indignity , because a popular cry had been industriously raised against him ? Was it becoming the dignity of that house , out of mean and slavish deference to this popular cry , to adopt the Resolution proposed ? to humour this most inconsiderate and unjust disposition , circulated with a rapidity and malignity quite inconceivable ? It was natural that the people should complain on many occasions , and it was fitting that the house should sympathize with them ; but this was a humour that was not always to be indulged . The people were never long in discovering their errors , and experience proved , that they felt no extraordinary gratitude to those who were the means of involving or continuing them in the wrong path . Let the house speak out manfully , and say , if it was not prepared to resist this Address , to remove the Duke of York from the command of the army , as well as the popular cry , which , by what fell from the hon . gent. , he must consider as the foundation of it . Sir ; I am unwilling upon this most important occasion , to give a silent vote ; I am anxious to state the grounds upon which my judgment has been formed , but I can assure the house that I shall occupy but a small portion of their time . It will be enough for my purpose to consider the subject in a general point of view , without feeling myself called upon to enter into a particular or minute detail of all the