maj. Tonyn , which had occupied some months . It appeared that she had always some answer in readiness , should the promotions or appointments she promised not have taken place . She appeared also to have studied so far the characters and connections of the persons applying , that she was always able to assign some causes of the delay , or to anticipate what objections might be offered against them . For what reason were they to believe that major Shaw 's promotion was effected by her influence , when a delay in that business had taken place from 1804 to 1806 , according to her own statement ? There were , in fact , many instances in which it appeared , that she had failed in her application , and if the other applications to her had succeeded accidentally , why should they not believe that they had taken place independently entirely of her means ? Mrs. C. had besides stated , that the amplications made to her had always been submitted to h. r. h. for his advice or approbation , while at the same time there appeared an evident contradiction to this statement in the exchange between cols . Knight and Brooke , during the negociation for which she had admitted that h. r. h had said , that the latter was a bad subject The same had , in fact , taken place with respect to col. Shaw , in speaking of whom Mrs. C. stated , that h. r. h. had said that he had always told her he was a very bat man . Had the Duke been consulted it the first instance , as pretended , and had his advice been taken , as was pretended to be uniformly the case , h. r. h. would have left no room for such a remark as this which appeared to him to be an evident inconsistency in the testimony of the wit ness . They were not , therefore , to sup pose that the success was owing in this case 400 to the influence of Mrs. C.—He called upon gentlemen wishing to investigate this subject , and to sift it to the bottom , to compare facts , and he had no doubt but that they would find sufficient reason to believe that all this might have taken place without any influence on the part of Mrs. Clarke ; while , at the same time , she might have had such information , and she might have been acquainted with such circumstances as to make her persuade others that her influence was the immediate cause of these events . With respect to the immorality of the conduct of the D. of Y. , he thought it was the only feature in the enquiry , that could be brought home to him ; but they were not sitting there to pass sentence on the morality or immorality of private life ; it was the public character only of h. r. h. they had to judge of ; though , at the same time he admitted , that ostensible public situations ought to be an additional inducement to private virtue , and a strict observance of the moral duties , as the conduct of such men was likely to become the model of the conduct of many other classes of the people . This rigid observance of duty was , indeed , a price that the higher classes of people had to pay for their rank and advantages . In the eye of the law , certain immoral practices were penal , but he did not wish the house to reserve in its own hands an arbitrary power , so indefinite ; or if they did wish to exercise such a moral power , why confine it to one man , why not extend the same moral censure to all ranks of men in employment ? Was a man to be expelled the house of commons , because he had been discovered , in any instance , to be an adulterer ? Was a public man to be removed from office merely because