his feelings would be , if , having been led to intrust his own daughters to her care , to receive their education , to be instructed in those principles of duty which he would wish to be instilled into their minds , he had discovered that the school-mistress to whom he had intrusted them , was the companion , the visitor , the friend , the dependant , of Mrs. Clarke ? —Gentlemen seem to be noting down my words , as if they conceived me to be saying something that was harsh and unfeeling ; and we are told , that the cross-examination of Miss Taylor has been most unbecoming ; that proving herself to be illegitimate , and her parents to be in poverty , has ruined her school , removed her scholars from her , and brought upon her her creditors . Sir , Miss Taylor was brought here as a witness , whose testimony was to confirm Mrs. Clarke , and to establish , falsely establish , as from my conscience I believe , the charge of infamous corruption , upon the D. of York ; it was necessary to know who Miss Taylor was ; what were her connections , what her habits of life . In tracing these particulars , it turned out that her parents were not married , that they had for some time been going from place to place , changing their habitations ; and though undoubtedly no- 97 body would contend , that a witness was not to be believed because , she was not legitimate , or because her parents were in distressed circumstances , yet I would ask any man , if the examination had turned out otherwise , and if she had appeared to be , as she would have done but for this cross-examination , the daughter of respectable parents , in circumstances of credit , we should not have heard her credit enhanced , from being so respectably connected ; But this cross-examination has ruined her school , and involved her with her creditors ! I am sorry , and I feel as much as any man , for the distress of any fellow-creature , Miss Taylor as well as anyone else ; but I can not believe , that her cross-examination ruined her school ; it was enough to ruin her school that she appeared as the friend and companion of Mrs. C , and I confess , I can not bring my mind to lament that Miss Taylor 's business as a school-mistress to young ladies is put an end to . I have some feeling for the parents , I have some feeling for the children ; my feelings are not wholly absorbed by Miss Taylor . But supposing this event to be more to be deplored than I think it is , and that it had been occasioned by this cross-examination , what then ? is that examination , therefore , to be condemned ? What , sir , are we to be sitting in judgment in a case like this , and to reserve all our feeling for the witnesses , and to have none for the accused ? Is the hon . gent . to be at liberty , in pursuit of , what he thinks , justice , to found the charge of corruption against h. r. h. upon the evidence of this witness ; is he to be applauded for so doing , and am not I to have equal liberty to repel the charge ? Am I to be condemned , if , in the pursuit of what I , with equal sincerity , think and feel to be , the cause of justice ; I shew who that witness is , what her connections are , and why we ought to pause , at least , before we implicitly believe her ? Sir , I should feel that I was disgracing myself in the eyes of this house and of my country , if from any principle of false delicacy , of morbid sensibility , as I should consider it , I were to