Mr. Dockery was then asked , `` Upon whom were they drawn ? '' When , to the astonishment of those gentlemen who had been so vehement in denying the privity of the D. of Y. to any part of the transaction , Mr. Dockery answered , `` The Duke of York . '' Mr. Dockery himself presented all these bills to the D. of Y. as they became due : And by the D. of Y. they were paid to Mr. Dockery , by drafts on the house of Messrs. Coutts and Co.— Thus then , the fact of the D. of Y . 's privity , was , to my mind , indisputably established : And what makes this statement dove-tail in with the whole transaction , is , that Mr. Dockery speaks to the payment of 121l. , the balance of that account , by a draft of his royal highness on Messrs. Coutts and Co. on the 23d of July . The fact is clearly brought home to the D. of Y. by the evidence of Mr. Dockery ; who , as I have already stated , was not a very willing witness , of which , if any proof were wanting , it may be worthy of remark , that although the D. of Y. paid him these sums of money at different payments , yet he affirms , that he can not recollect the D. of Y. ever speaking to him at all respecting the service of plate , or any thing that he said . The right hon . gentleman feels no surprise at this . He deems it impossible to recollect a conversation which passed at such a distance of time . I am astonished that the witness can not call to mind what passed between him and a personage of such distinguished rank in the country , upon a business so novel and extraordinary , as the one in which he was then engaged . From the evidence of Mrs. C. , 229 the corroboration of it given by Sandon , the coincidence in the account produced by Mr. Parker , and lastly , the evidence of Mr. Dockery , I believe not only that the D. of Y. , as is proved , paid for the remainder of this plate , but that Mrs. C. had obtained , by reason of her influence with the Commander in Chief , that sum of 500 guineas out of which she paid the 500l . on account to Birkett ; and believing that , can I doubt the knowledge of the Duke of York of the source from whence she had derived the means of paying at one time , so large a sum of money ? The Duke of York must have known what was the cost of the plate , that is clear ; that he must also have known 500l . on account to have been paid by Mrs. C. , is equally clear ; for he could not have given his acceptances for the remainder of the plate , and have paid the balance of the account , without having seen that account stated , when the payment of the 500l . would have stared him in the face , being the first item on the credit side.—Now , sir , if the allowance of Mrs. Clarke was 1,000l . per annum , would not the Duke of York , if he had been ignorant of the sources from whence Mrs. Clarke obtained 500l . have taken the alarm ? would not his personal feelings have been roused by such a circumstance ? Sir , it is impossible that he could have been ignorant of the real nature of Mrs. Clarke 's connection with col. French . This verily in my conscience I believe ! Sir ; We can not help being forcibly reminded by the incidental circumstances of this case , how deeply nations are concerned in the private conduct of those connected with the monarchs appointed to rule over them . I have said , that the Chancellor of the Exchequer has called to our recollection ,