connivance ; or on the charge of permitting Mrs. Clarke to interfere in the official duties of the Commander in Chief . The question , however , then before the house was , not whether these separate charges were to be amalgamated into one , but only whether the house should proceed by Address or Resolutions . For his part , he conceived that the former , as it was the mode most consistent with the dignity of the house , would also be most conducive to the substantial ends of justice . It appeared to him , that the first and second Resolution of the right hon . gentleman , if according with the sense of the house , might be embodied in an Address ; and he I conceived , that in such a form , they would be equally efficient in point of justice to his royal highness . The first Resolution proposed by the right hon . member was , that the house should decide . There would be no objection to make that part of an Address . The second was , whether his royal highness was or was not guilty of corruption . Again , there would be no difficulty in interweaviug that in an Address . In short , it appeared to him to be just as easy to put the substance of the Resolutions in the shape of an Address , as in the form proposed by the right hon . member . In voting , however , for the motion of the hon . gent , near him ( Mr. Bankes ) , he begged to 573 be distinctly understood , not as lending himself to the support of the Address proposed by that hon . gent. , but as merely declaring his opinion , that whatever might be the judgment of the house on the subject before them , they ought to proceed by way of Address rather than by Resolutions . On the main question of corruption , of participation in corruption , or of connivance at corruption , he agreed entirely with the right hon . gent . opposite . He did not think that his royal highness the Duke of York had been proved by the evidence at the bar to have been guilty of either corruption , participation in corruption , or of connivance at corruption.—The evidence by which the charges of corruption , of participation in corruption , and of connivance at corruption , were endeavoured principally to be supported , was that of Mrs. Clarke . Mrs. Clarke 's testimony , he was ready to say , came before the house under every circumstance of doubt and suspicion . She was self-accused , self-convicted : her character was self-blasted : she had no claim to credence except what she might establish by the mode and circumstances of her conduct under examination . If the question on these specific charges , or on any other indeed , were to be wholly decided by her evidence , it would not have the smallest weight with him . In pronouncing his opinion , he should discard it wholly from his consideration , and have no difficulty to make up his mind upon the subject.—The chief witness by whom Mrs. Clarke 's evidence was corroborated , was Miss Taylor . His right hon . friend near him ( Mr. Windham ) , had said last night that there was this difference between Mrs. Clarke and Miss Taylor , viz . that the character of the former was bad , but her testimony good ; while the character of the latter was good , and her testimony bad . From this distinction he dissented altogether . His right hon . friend was of opinion that Miss Taylor had been tutored ; that she had rehearsed her part before she appeared at the bar . He did not believe that to have been the case ; he believed her evidence to be perfectly correct ; he believed that she had not rehearsed her part . Had she been tutored , she would have learned more ; she would have been