the rest of the world , Dr. Thynne says is , to him , mere matter of surmise . Mr. Knight says that Mrs. C. expressly told him that she had applied to the D. of Y. , on behalf of his brother , and as expressly tells us , that she wished the matter to be kept a secret , lest it should come to the ears of the Duke of York . The influence exercised over the D. of Y. , nay , a conspiracy with the D. of Y. for corrupt purposes , is quite compatible with the injunction of secrecy , to which evidence has been given . Mrs. C. never could have suspected that any person with whom she trafficked , would be so simple as to go to the D. of Y. , and thank him personally for favours purchased of her . Supposing , for one moment , that the D. of Y. could so far have degraded himself as to enter into a league with Mrs. C. for such bad purposes , would not the first injunction given by him have been , `` Take care whom you recommend ; and above all see that you can be sure of the secrecy of the parties : for if it should once transpire , that such things are done , the whole will be at an end , and we must be ruined . '' It was most improbable that Mr. Knight should address the Duke , and thank him for having , at the instance of his mistress , promoted the interest of his brother : but it was not improbable , that without such injunction of secrecy , the thing might be talked of , and come round in the most unpleasant manner to the ears of the D. of Y. : and if it did come round to the ears of the D. of Y. , it is pretty evident , that it would be known to Gordon and others , and that it would be impossible to continue the traffic . The whole therefore is consistent . There is no necessity for discarding 188 one part of the evidence , to give value to the other . It all hangs together . The right hon . gent , has truly stated that Corri , and his wife , Hovendon and Sandon , all speak to this point . Corri particularly says , that about the month of July 1804 , there was a great noise , that Mrs. C. desired he would burn all his papers ; alledging that the Duke was closely watched by Green-wood and Gordon . Mrs. C. states a conversation ( pretended if you please ) to have taken place between herself , and the D. of Y. , respecting a person `` who had only played with her , and come to her for the purpose of making a talk . '' She admits , that she did desire Corri to burn all his papers , and might have said that the Duke was angry with her for being incautious . No deduction can be more absurd than that the ignorance of the D. of Y. must be the consequence of the secrecy enjoined . It has been proved , that besides the times Mrs. C. acknowledged to have seen Dowler , since his return from Portugal , she had passed the night with him at Reid 's Hotel . Can it can not be insisted upon , that the omission in her evidence of such a fact ought to be taken into our consideration . Is it surprizing , that a woman should have concealed such a meeting from the knowledge of this assembly ? I will venture to say that such concealment would not operate to her discredit in any court of justice . But , the denial on the part of Mrs. C , and the equivocation of Dowler , on the subject of this interview , is to work wonders for the light hon . gent. , and both these witnesses are to be destroyed at a blow . I