civilians . There could be no objection , nor was there any , to col. Welsh , other than his being appointed by lord Mulgrave , and every one but the hon . baronet allowed his merits . All he had said of colonel Welsh was equally , applicable to capt . Stuart , and in point of justice , the hon . baronet ought to get up and state , that they have no abilities and no integrity , if he wished to throw blame on the Admiralty for these appointments . The motion went to charge the Admiralty with blame without a single argument in support of it . He was , therefore , compelled to move the previous question . said he had never heard more warmth more less argument than in the 750 speech just delivered by the hon . gent . The fact was , the Admiralty had dismissed , or allowed to retire , Mr. Marsh , who presided at the Victualling Board , under pretence of his age and infirmities , because the accounts were in arrear , and had appointed a person much the senior of him they had removed ; and the person so appointed had been longer in the Victualling Office than any other , so that if bad habits were an objection , they applied in full force to him . Mr. Budge had also been removed , without any application on his part ; and Mr. Moody , who was allowed to be one of the best accountants in the country ; and if it were true that the accounts of the office were so tremendously in arrear as had been represented , it was very extraordinary they should get rid of such a man , who was in all respects so capable of forwarding them . said he could not but feel indignant at the manner in which the hon . gentleman ( Mr. Ward ) had treated the motion of the hon . baronet , to whom he thought the house and the country were highly indebted for bringing it forward , as well as for many other services he had done to the public . Public Boards were not the masters of that house , but ought to be their servants , and liable to their controul ; and the hon . gentleman would have done well to have recollected the benefits the country had received from a Board , of which the hon . baronet had been an active member . The Commissioners of Naval Inquiry had said , many reports had been made as to the conduct of the Victualling Board , but not one had been acted on . said , he was supposed to have stated , on a former night , that the former Commissioners of the Victualling Board were so vicious as to render it necessary they should be removed ; he denied making use of any such words : what he said was , that the former mode of conducting the business in that department , was found to be such as to require the removal of some of the members of the Board , and also to amend the system upon which they had proceeded . He admitted the motion of the honourable baronet was not such as to call for all the warmth expressed by his hon . friend , ( Mr. Ward ) , in a parliamentary point of view , and he was glad to find him open his statement by confining himself merely to the substance of the Tenth Report , agreeing as he did with it , and with the necessity of amending 751 the evils therein stated ; he was , however , sorry the honourable baronet did not , at the same time , read two oilier Reports , which were also before the house ; he meant the Eleventh and Twelfth Reports , as the Tenth was merely confined to the Victual-in Board in the metropolis . The Eleventh Report went to mismanagement at the various out ports , and was so connected with the former , that in