possess all the necessary information ; and on that ground bethought there could be no impropriety in the production . For in cases of great moment , and where it was necessary for parliament to have every public document to guide their judgment , even what were termed private letters , if they contained public matter , and which could not be produced elsewhere , however inconvenient , ought certainly to be laid before the house ; and he was glad the noble Secretary had shewn so much wisdom and propriety of conduct as at last to accede to the motion . The motion was then agreed to . trusted that the noble earl , who had upon second consideration acceded to another motion , would also be induced to accede to the one he was about to propose , particularly if the noble earl reconsidered that what before he entertained as a doubt , could not form any serious objection . It would be observed , on reference to the papers already produced , there was a deficiency which ought to be supplied , and he could perceive no ground for objecting to the production of all Instructions given to our different ministers resident in Spain , and their communications respecting the same to his majesty 's Secretaries of State . After a few observations in support of its being proper and necessary , the noble earl moved . `` That a copy of all Instructions and communications which had passed between the three Secretaries of State , and any of the ministers in Spain or Portugal , respecting the arrangement of Military measures , and every provision for carrying them into effect , be laid before the house . '' said , if reference were had to the papers already laid on the table , he thought they were voluminous enough , so voluminous that their lordships would not have patience to peruse the whole of them . But although his majesty 's ministers had with great readiness 807 agreed to their production , yet the noble lords opposite , in respect to their desire for the production of papers , seemed to be possessed of a disposition like the amor nummi , for as the papers themselves increased , the desire for more increased in the same proportion . He believed there never was an inquiry instituted into the conduct of any administration , where more information had been granted ; for the papers already produced contained a succinct account of all measures adopted from the commencement , throughout the whole campaign , and every information might be obtained from them which could be reasonably desired . In regard to the motion now made for the production of all Instructions given to ministers , upon which were founded the subsequent military proceedings ; he had to remind the house it was riot usual for those who wished to form their opinion , whether favourable or unfavourable , upon the conduct of administration , to judge them by the Instructions given , but by the acts themselves , for which they were accountable . Had any proceedings been adopted , which were contrary to the Instructions given by ministers , it would then be their care to produce the instructions themselves , thereby to exonerate them from responsibility . Thus , if it were proper to produce the Instructions at all , that would be the care of ministers ; for if they were not produced then administration would be considered responsible for the whole of the measures brought under their consideration . Therefore , could the house desire on this occasion any other information than that which regarded their conduct in the affairs of Spain ? They were ready to take upon them all the acts which had been done , and so far to give every information moved for ; and he did not consider it proper to assent to the production of those Instructions . He would also observe , that the miliiary arrangements in Spain were such as were highly judicious , and all the provision made for forwarding their march , for supplies