one of 1799 : capt . Tonyn was of the year 1795 , in which year there were only six captains , senior to him in the service . 105 The only delay which occurred after this list was made out , was , a delay which arose out of the nature of the case . Maj. Tonyn 's appointment went on with all the rest ; it was part of the general arrangement . Any measure which should have had for its object either to forward or retard the promotion of maj. Tonyn , would have affected the progress of the whole , it appears indisputably , that any application to Mrs. C , must have been quite unnecessary on the part of maj. Tonyn . If he did apply to this intriguing woman , in consequence of her falsely pretending and inducing him to believe that she possessed the means of influencing the Commander in Chief , it only shews that he was weak enough to be grossly imposed upon by her . For it is incontestibly proved , and a fact which does not admit of the remotest possibility of doubt , that his promotion would have taken place , and did actually take place , without any other application than that of his own father . Can then this house , upon the evidence of such infamous witnesses as have appeared at its bar ; can it , upon any evidence it has heard , suppose for one moment , that h. r. h. , having determined upon the promotion of maj. Tonyn , upon such clear grounds , could have lent himself to the disgraceful purpose of fabricating a note to induce maj. Tonyn to believe that he would either retard or accelerate his promotion , according as maj. Tonyn did or did not leave the sum of 500l. , in the hands of his agent , for the benefit of Mrs. C. ? Is it within the scope of human imagination to suppose , that if he could have been so base as to have done this , he should have committed himself by a written note , to make himself appear an instrument in such a transaction ? This note , from the manner in which it was first kept back by capt . Sandon , and at length extorted from him , has naturally excited much attention ; and these circumstances have possibly given it an importance which would not otherwise have belonged to it . It is said to have been written by the Duke of York himself , is directed to Mr. Farquhar , the name by which h. r. h. frequently addressed his letters to Mrs. C , and it is sealed with his seal . The words of it are , `` I have received your note , and capt . Tonyn 's business shall remain as-it is . God bless you . '' As to the proof of the hand-writing , it does not rest , certainly , on Mrs. C. 's evidence alone . Those most conversant in h. r. h. 's 106 character of hand-writing all think it very like his hand : one only ( General Brownrigg ) says he does not believe it to be his . But still I think we have strong and pregnant evidence to induce us to pause , before we do conclude that it is his hand-writing . The house is too well aware that there is such a thing as forgery , as successful forgery ; but , in order that the forgery should succeed , it is necessary that the person whose object is deception and fraud , should be able closely to imitate the hand-writing , by which the fraud is to be effected , and the parties to be imposed upon ; unless the forgery is well executed , it can impose on no one . Is the house not aware that Mrs. C. has had the infamous audacity to boast at its bar of the dexterity with which she can imitate the hand-writing of others ? how she has admitted that she could