a case under trial , in a manner which , if they had been circulated in allusion to any other prosecution , any ordinary court of justice in the country engaged in the trial of it , would have thought a sufficient ground for suspending the trial , and for not permitting the minds of those who were to decide upon it , to be brought warm to the decision , under such injurious impressions . These impressions , however , I trust will now be done away , by the candid and judicial manner in which the evidence will be examined in this house , and the decisive judgment which I trust will be pronounced upon it . The next Case is that of Kennett ; upon which I shall not trouble the house at much length . The hon . gent , has passed it by altogether , referring the house to some friend of his , who , he tells us , is to go at large into it . It is in vain for me , therefore , to attempt by anticipation to answer the observations which I have not yet heard ; but if gentlemen will look into this case , they will find from col. Taylor 's evidence , that Kennett introduced himself to the D. of Y. , as a person who could procure him a large sum of money upon certain securities on Oatlands , and other property belonging to h. r. h. That Kennett was an arrant swindler , I have no doubt : he has been convicted of a most fraudulent transaction , and has stood in the pillory : but that occurred long after this transaction for the loan , and consequently afforded no means to h. r. h. , or anyone else at that time , to know any thing of his character . Col. Taylor 's memory of the transaction seems to be very imperfect . He states , that Kennett volunteered his services to procure this loan ; that he told him he was very much supported by sir H. Mann , with whom he had been very long acquainted ; `` And he told me that sir H. Mann had desired him to say , he should feel very much obliged to me , if I could use my influence with the D. 121 of Y , to assist him in obtaining a situation . '' Col. Taylor says , this reference to sir H. Mann , was subsequent to the offer of the loan , at the next or some subsequent meeting . There is a letter from sir H Mann , in which it appears , sir Horace had made an application for him , and was interested in his success . It is in these words , `` I shall rejoice exceedingly at your success , if it can be an object with you to obtain a situation in such a climate . The channel you mention , may be more efficacious than the exertion of my interest , which I will strenuously renew , if it is necessary , & c. '' Under these circumstances , col. Taylor makes the application to the D. of Y. , who does in consequence recommend him to Mr. Pitt , through Mr. Long , for the place in question . He is disappointed in his object : the office is refused to the Duke 's request . Mr. Kennett renews his application to the Duke ; and there are two drafts of a letter or letters produced ; both written on the same sheet of paper . And though col. Taylor ( expressing at the same time , the imperfection of his recollection ) thinks two letters were received by him to the effect of these drafts , yet there is upon the face of them , evident marks , that they were only two drafts of the same letter . They are both interlined , but the first much the most so . It is very inaccurately worded ; it is first drawn up as if he was soliciting the place for a