afterwards depriving the purchaser of its advantages from the meanest motives that could possibly actuate human conduct ; the participating in the corrupt and avaricious resentment of his mistress . To support this flagrant case , we have rather better proof than in most of the others : first , we have the `` incontrovertible Mrs. Clarke ; '' next , the fact of the appointment having taken place ; then , the payment of 500l. , and no more ; afterwards , the fact of Shaw 's being reduced to half-pay ; and , finally , his own letters , lamenting this , and offering her more money for further favours . Why , sir , this case does really , in point of strength of proof , put all the others to the blush ; and yet , sir , I pledge myself to satisfy the house that it is altogether an instance of the most infamous and unfounded falsehood that ever came under our notice ( Hear ! hear ! ) . 466 Yes , sir , I repeat it , I shall satisfy , not only the majority , but every individual ; and I therefore more particularly request the attention of the house , to a charge the most confident , and to a refutation the most complete . Let us first observe , that Mrs. Clarke had been engaged with col. Shaw for nearly two years , during the whole of which time she accomplished nothing in his favour . Nay , she seems to have been so destitute of influence , that when Shaw wanted leave of absence , in order to prosecute the negotiation , she was unable to procure it ; and he was obliged to have recourse for this purpose to a general officer , his private friend . At last , wearied with his ineffectual solicitations , his agent , Mrs. Hovendon , withdrew his papers from Mrs. Clarke , and ceased , all intercourse with her . After this , gen. sir Harry Burrard , who , it seems , was much interested for col. Shaw , by personal solicitation procured for him the appointment of Barrack-roaster at the Cape . And when he writes to announce to the Commander in Chief Shaw 's acceptance of the place , he states , that `` he ( Shaw ) is too happy to take it , and is quite satisfied to go on half-pay immediately : '' so that it appears that Shaw did not buy the place from Mrs. Clarke , because he owes it exclusively to the indefatigable friendship of sir Harry Burrard ; and that he was not placed on the half-pay by way of punishment afterwards , because , before he got the office , it was arranged and agreed that he must go on half-pay . Aud , besides , we find , from the documents on the table , that all persons holding similar places abroad , are , with very few exceptions , in similar circumstances ; aud that every oilier staff-officer at the Cape of Good Hope was in exactly the same situation as col. Shaw . As to Shaw 's letter , which Mrs. Clarke , produced as part of her proof , it proves , indeed , that he wrote to her , complained of an injury done , and offered her money for a favour to be conferred . But every one who reads this letter will see , that it does not prove , but indeed disproves , Mrs. Clarke 's details on the subject . In the first place , it does not admit , in the least , that he owes his place to Mrs. Clarke : in the next , he does not speak like a person who is suffering the punishment of his breach of promise . He complains , indeed , but it is , that Mrs. Clarke has broken her promise to him . He acknowledges no offence towards her ; but he accuses her of one to 467 him . He does not admit that he paid too little ;