to perform all the functions of this same Board , even if they had money to expend ; but , upon the right hon . gentleman 's plan , they will be left without employment , as it does not appear that the right hon . gent . has intimated an intention of making any grant for the further extension of Inland Navigation in Ireland , during the present session of Parliament ; and we have no certainty that any such grants will be made at a future period ; and therefore the whole amount of the right hon . gent . famous measure is , to insure us , that we shall have the salaries of officers to pay , whether we may have any employment for those officers or not . I shall therefore vote against the motion of the right hon . gent . said , that no man was more fully convinced than he was of the expediency and sound policy of encouraging the further extension of Inland Navigation in Ireland , by Parliamentary grants , and he was sincerely rejoiced to find that the right hon . Secretary not only agreed with him in that principle , but had adduced one of the strongest arguments that could be urged in favour of that measure , namely , that it was a measure of sound British policy , independent of any advantage that Ireland might , as a distinct member , derive from it . But agreeing as he did with the right hon . gent , in principle , he was surprised to find nothing in the measure proposed , that tended in the smallest degree to carry that principle into effect . The right hon . member 's plan was to appoint a board—to do what ? The fund which they were originally appointed to distribute was expended . If it was intended that the Board was to be of any use , why did not the right hon . Secretary come forward , and propose to renew the fund ? or rather , why does not the noble lord ( Castlereagh ) fulfil the solemn pledge given by him to the Irish Parliament , that whenever the sum of £.500,000 then granted , should be expended , his majesty 's ministers would come forward , and recommend it to the United Parliament to make such further grants as should be sufficient to complete the general system of Inland Navigation in Ireland ? `` And I now see , said Mr. Parnell , a right hon . and learned gent , in his place , ( we suppose he alluded to Doctor Duigenan ) who , when , the grant for 828 £.500,000 was proposed by the noble lord to the Irish Parliament , moved an amendment , and proposed a million to be granted for the extension of Inland Navigation ; upon which occasion it was , that the noble lord made the solemn pledge to which I have alluded , and upon the faith of which pledge , the right hon . and learned gent , withdrew his amendment . If I am incorrect in my statement , I desire that the noble lord , or the right hon . gent , will set me right . Well then , either it is the intention of his majesty 's ministers to recommend further grants to be made for the extension of Inland Navigation in Ireland , or it is not their intention . If it be their intention to carry into execution the principle which the right hon . Secretary has avowed , of extending Inland Navigation in Ireland , and which is the professed object of the Bill , an object which he fully admits can not be accomplished without further Parliamentary aid , why does he not bring forward a motion for an adequate grant for that purpose , and which grant , if made , would have rendered it unnecessary to have put the payment of the salaries of the Board upon the Consolidated Fund , as those salaries would naturally have been paid out of such grant ?