of it in the formation of the Board , that whereas it had been recommended to constitute the Victualling Board of three committees , for the conducting the business , yet it had been resolved , for the purpose of saving , if possible , the expenses , to try if two might not be found adequate , and accordingly two only were appointed . These appointments took place in December last , The old arrear had amounted to upwards of £.11,000,00O , and a million and a half had accumulated since the Tenth Report ; notwithstanding which , no accumulation whatever had been suffered since the appointment , and in addition , no less a sum than £.6,900,000 had been investigated and settled since the new appointment . This at least was a proof of the manner in which the business was transacted under the present order of things . Under all these circumstances , he should vote for the previous question . declared he had formed his opinion on the subject now under discussion , only by what he had heard since he came into the house , a great portion of which , however , he considered as wholly irrelevant , as he considered the attack on the worthy baronet who had made the motion , as well as that on the Commissioners of Naval Revision , as having nothing whatever to do with the merits of the question . The simple point , as he conceived , before them , was , how far it was necessary to remove certain Commissioners from the Victualling Board , and with what propriety their places had been supplied ? And this could only be decided by an examination into their merits respectively . Now , from any thing he had heard , the arrear complained of in the time of the former commissioners , might as well be owing to the great increase of business in that office ; as he from experience knew it to be the case in the War Office . How , then , would they bring about the reform sought after ? Not by a change of system , but merely that of persons ! A very concise mode this , and certainly no less agreeable to those who were practicing it , and no less ready in the practice . Then comes an examination in detail , and as it were nomination of the persons who had been put out , and of those who were appointed in their places . Now , it happened , that of 755 all of them he knew only Mr. March ; when , therefore , he heard what was said , he could not but think it somewhat suspicious , because at the time he knew him , he certainly was , physically speaking , fully competent to the duties of his office , and had the character of being a very well informed and intelligent man : but these were questions in which the house was perfectly helpless , and left to decide merely on the opinions which might be stated on the one side or the other . In Mr. Moody 's case , he was stated to have expressed a wish to resign , from infirmity : and in that of Mr. Budge , his resignation was imputed to the gout . It these cases were made out to their satisfaction , there was an end to that part of the case ; then came that of their successors . If age were considered as a ground for removal , he would wish to know how captain Towrey was retained ? The hon . gentleman had reproached the worthy baronet for the negligence with which the former Board of Admiralty had conducted themselves ; but surely he at the same time furnished an excuse , in the pressure of business upon which he had dwelt . As to those minute inquiries , of whether it was brandy instead of rum , whether 48 casks , instead of another number , he thought there were points of infinitely more consequence to the public ,