her note , may have returned the answer in question.—And I do call upon the house , in all fairness and in all justice , if they are to help out this evidence by their imaginations , to do so in any manner but that which shall convert it by conjecture into the proof of guilt . But whatever may be the meaning of this note , that it should have been twisted into a proof of a criminal participation on the part of the D. of Y. in Mrs. C. 's corrupt practices , that it should have been taken up with that impression by the hon . gent . who spoke last , does indeed astonish me . That , if it is the hand-writing of the D. of Y. , it does afford evidence of his having received a letter from Mrs. Clarke , upon the subject of capt . Tonyn 's promotion , and that he had answered it without reproving her , for writing to him upon such a subject , must undoubtedly be admitted : But what crime , public or private , is there in such a circumstance ? Knowing , as the Duke must have done , the regular course through which that promotion had been obtained , could he by possibility have suspected that , by telling her that the business should remain as it was , he could be furnishing her with any means of practising any fraud , or procuring any pecuniary advantage ? Unless the prejudices of my mind disable me from forming a correct judgment , I am confident that this Case is utterly destitute of every thing which can constitute a charge against the Duke of York . There still remain , sir , other Cases , on which I feel it to be my indispensable duty to observe ; I confess indeed , that I feel rather exhausted . ( Adjourn , adjourn , was 111 called out by many members . ) —If , sir , it is the sense of the house , that I should not proceed at this time , but that we should adjourn , I certainly am ready to accede to its wish ; but at the same time , I should be able to go on , if that should be its pleasure.— ( No ! — Adjourn , adjourn ! ) I should , sir , at all events , before the house rises , be desirous of stating the view which I take of the question , and the course which I should recommend to be pursued . According to what I have said , I should think it absolutely and indispensably necessary , under all the circumstances of this case , that the house should decide expressly , the question of guilt or innocence . I should propose therefore , as an Amendment to the hon . gent . 's Address , to leave out all of it , but the word `` that , '' for the purpose of converting his motion for an Address into a Resolution . I would then propose a Resolution expressive of the sense of the house , that they should so decide the question—as follows : `` That , charges having been brought forward in this house , against h. r. h. the D. of York , imputing to h. r. h. , the crimes of personal corruption in the execution of his office of Commander in Chief , and of criminal connivance at corrupt practices with respect to the army ; and this house having referred the said charges to the investigation of a Committee of the whole house ; and having carefully considered the evidence collected and reported by the said Committee , this house feels itself called upon to pronounce a distinct and direct opinion , upon the said charges of personal corruption and criminal connivance . '' I would then propose a Resolution expressive of our opinion , that there is no ground to charge h. r. h. with the crimes imputed to him , in the following words : `` Resolved , That