Mr. Knight spoke positively 8 to a fortnight or three weeks , and Mr. K. had said that he went three times for the Gazette . That they differed so far was clear , but on a point such as this , it was not at all surprising that there should be such a variation . It was obvious that they had stated it as a case that required dispatch , and no doubt she exerted herself to effect the exchange as speedily as possible , for if their object was dispatch , heir 's was to get the money , which she might lose if the affair was not hastened ; and the slip of paper to insure this point would be given to the Commander in Chief as soon as received from Dr. Thynne ; and therefore between her application to h. r. h. , and the parties being gazetted , there is the strongest ground to believe that at least a fortnight elapsed . There was also a variation as to the point of keeping the matter secret ; Mr. Knight , however , must have been persuaded when he gave Mrs. C. the 200l . that the exchange had been expedited through her influence with the D. of York , and consequently that the Duke must have known it . If Mrs. C. therefore had desired him to keep the matter secret from the D. of York , it was telling him that she had swindled him out of the 200l . ; for if she had not used her influence with the Duke , she had no claim to it , and if she had , the Duke must know it , and therefore Mr. Knight must have believed that the D. of York was acquainted with the transaction . Was it credible upon any supposition that he would have given her 200l. ? That Mrs. C. required secrecy in these transactions was indeed true , as appeared from the evidence of Mr. Corri and others . The reasons for this were obvious— but it was impossible from their nature , that she could have desired secrecy , as far as concerned the knowledge of the Commander in Chief . The letter of the D. of York to Mrs. Clarke , respecting the application of general Clavering for a regiment— a letter written with a great deal of caution , proved that he was accustomed to communicate with her on these subjects . And it further proved that he was very anxious to keep his name out of question . `` Clavering , '' he said , `` is mistaken in thinking that any new regiments are to be raised ; you had better therefore tell him so , and that you were sure there would be no use in applying for him . '' It was clear from this how much he wished to keep his name secret with respect to these transactions ; but after such letters as this , Mrs. C. could not be in her senses if she had expressed 9 any fear of the D. of York 's becoming acquainted with these applications . `` You would do this and you would do that , '' was a mode of expression which clearly manifested the Duke 's desire , that he should not be brought forward , and on that account , as well as for other reasons , Mrs. C. might be anxious for general secrecy ; but it was absurd to suppose that she could desire that to be kept from the D. of York , which she well knew he was already acquainted with . But there were written documents on the table of the House , which spoke as strongly as the evidence at the bar . On the memorandum by Messrs. Cox and Greenwood , of Brooke 's services , there were pencil marks , first `` C. L. can not be acceded to— h. r. h. docs not approve of the exchange proposed '' and afterwards `` h. r. h. does now approve of the exchange . '' By the words `` can not