, he begged leave to refer the hon . bart . to a Petition presented by those very Officers to the Admiralty , when he himself was at that Board , praying for this very allowance , which the hon . bart . now sought to obtain for them , and the answer then given to their petition was , that the birth was a pretty good one , and it was very desirable it should continue to exist ; but if they did not like it with full pay , and ex- 646 emption from all other duty , they might take their turns of service : ever since , they had been pretty well satisfied to remain as they were . With respect to the Compassionate List , for which there was a Bill now in progress , it was only for such widows and orphans as were not entitled to any provision otherwise , nor was it ever thought of before the establishment of the present Admiralty Board ; and it was his intention in the Committee on this Bill , to place the widows of Marine Officers on the same footing in this respect with those of the officers of the Navy and Army . considered it important to have the point , with respect to the contributions of the Royal Marines to Chelsea , fully sifted , as there was an unfavourable impression abroad on that subject . denied any recollection of such an application as that alluded to by the hon . member ( Mr. W. Pole ) ; at all events , he was perfectly certain , that during the whole time he was at the Admiralty , he never did give an offensive answer to any application , made either by an individual , or by any description of persons . There was nothing he considered more disgraceful than such conduct on the part of any man in office . observed , that , as the original question had been disposed of by the decision , that the house should proceed by Resolution rather than by Address , he proposed , if there were no difference of opinion , to withdraw his first Resolution , as he before stated , in order to introduce an Amendment , the main object of which would be to omit the word Charges , no one now appearing to press any charges of personal corruption or criminal connivance against the Duke of York . If , however , there was to be any debate upon that point , it might be gone into upon the second Resolution . disclaimed any intention to 647 harass the house by any unnecessary debate ; but if the right hon . gent . 's proposition did not comprehend something more than he had stated , he should feel it his duty to oppose the withdrawing of the original Resolution . was aware , that any gentleman was at liberty to deliver his sentiments upon this subject , as well in this as in any subsequent stage of the proceeding . It was , however , seldom denied to any member to withdraw any proposition he might have submitted , in order to correct a mistake , or supply an omission ; such a denial was certainly not usual in parliamentary practice . The object of his proposed Amendment was , after a narrative of the case as it appeared before the house , to add somewhat to this effect ; `` That the house , having appointed a Committee to examine into the Conduct of his royal highness the Duke of York upon the subject of military promotions , and the disposal of commissions in the army , had fully considered and carefully investigated the several statements in evidence before it , relative to personal corruption , or criminal connivance at corruption , on the part of the Duke of York , and finds it expedient to pronounce a distinct opinion upon the truth or falsehood of these imputations ; and is therefore of opinion that there is no foundation for imputing personal corruption or criminal connivance to his royal