who heard the noble lord 's attack on the veracity of col. Gordon . I beg the hon . baronet 's pardon : he , too , had similar sentiments of col. Gordon and Mrs. C. ; and had borrowed , not only the ideas , but the very words , of the noble lord . Sir , I should be ashamed to attempt a defence of col. Gordon from these charges ; I should degrade him , and do injustice to the house , by supposing it necessary to do so ; and I therefore only allude to this matter , that I may contrast his evidence with that of Mrs. C. ; and show how much the mind of the noble lord , and his honourable imitator , must have been warped or deluded , when they put in competition her testimony with that of col. Gordon . Really , sir , it seems to me , the noble lord and hon . bart . have that sort of perverse and depraved taste , which we sometimes hear of in sick persons , whose palates prefer that which is hurtful and indigestible , to what is wholesome and good . The noble lord has said , that col. Gordon had kept back important matter ; that when he was called upon to produce the papers respecting the exchange of col. Knight and col. Brooke , there was one paper , relating to that business , which he did not bring forward till near the end of the inquiry , and then on another subject . The noble lord was hard run for an example of col. Gordon 's misconduct , when he made this charge . The paper which was not produced at first , is the Letter which relates to col. Knight and col. Pleydell ; and with col. Pleydell 's papers it was , according to the regularity of office , deposited . To keep an office in such a state , as that in which col. Gordon keeps his ; to be able , after the lapse of years , to turn to any name , and produce all the minute docu- 447 ments connected with that name ; can only be accomplished by the most diligent system ; a system which evidently existed in that office , but which the noble lord , it seems , neither appreciates nor understands ; for he complains that this letter , relating to col. Pleydell , was not found wish the letters relating to col. Brooke . Why , sir , if , contrary to all reason , it had been placed with Brooke 's papers , when the noble lord came to ask for Pleydell 's , he would then have had a more grievous complaint to make of its not being amongst them . What does the noble lord mean ? or what would he have ? If I , or any of my countrymen , were to make such an objection as this , I am persuaded the noble lord , or the hon . and facetious bart. , would have made merry with the blunder , and have said that we wished to have the same letter in two places at once . But the noble lord makes a more heavy insinuation against col. Gordon ; he charges him with having made one of his observations in pencil . I do not know that a pencil mark is more difficult to be made , but I know it is more easy to be erased than that which is written in ink ; and , therefore , if col. Gordon had wished to conceal it , he might without any difficulty have erased it altogether . The pencilled note was , in its first view ( and , indeed , an hon . gent . opposite , Mr. Whitbread , still considered it in the same light ) , unfavourable to the Duke of York ; and , therefore instead of insinuating that it was added to the paper , it would have better become the noble lord to praise the integrity that did