But did he not , at all events , sanction her corruption , by abandoning himself to the blind infatuation of the love he bore her . Human nature has been always the same , under the influence of that fatal passion . With unresisted might , the monarch reigns , He levels mountains , and he raises plains ; And not regarding difference of degree , Abas 'd your daughter , and exalted me . On the mighty effects of love it were superfluous to dwell ; mankind have bowed to its irresistible controul . Mrs. C. was an adept in the knowledge of the human mind when once subdued by that passion ; and she has most happily illustrated the state of the lover , in the sprightly device , mentioned by the gallant officer ( col. M'Mahon ) in his note which was read the other night . Cupid is represented riding on the back of an animal , not more celebrated for his patience than his obstinacy ; with this inscription ; Tels sont mes sujets . The Case of Tonyn , so far as it goes , in proof of the sway exercised over the Commander in Chief by the object of his 206 affection , is conclusive . The whole world , with the right hon . gent . to lead it , can not overthrow the facts . How far the connivance of the Commander in Chief , at the corruption practised by Mrs. C. is in my opinion satisfactorily made out in this Case , also , I shall by my Vote hereafter decide . Sir , the right hon . gent. , throughout the whole of his able speech , was fighting with a two-edged sword ; every argument he used , every position he took , might , by a person of ability equal to his own , be successfully turned against himself . If I possessed talents equal to those of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , with his own weapons I would cut him to pieces . Mrs. Clarke said , that she had no re-collection of the existence of this note . The right hon . gent . presumes that she is guilty of a base falsehood , and tells you it is impossible she should have forgotten it . I will not be so uncharitable towards the witness . I believe she had the note from the D. of Y. , and that she did forget its existence . I will not even be so uncharitable towards the D. of Y. as not to suppose it may have been written , and forgotten by him . I will not be so bold as the right hon . gent . and for the purpose of strengthening my case , brand any person with infamy , upon the presumption of a recollection unsupported by the experience of my own imperfect memory . The right hon . gent . must be now aware , that if he disbelieves the evidence of Mrs. C. as to her want of recollection in this matter , he justifies those who , being persuaded of the authenticity of the note , disbelieve the solemn asseveration of the Commander in Chief . Sir , I have before adverted to the demeanour of the witnesses at your bar , and I can not help recalling the recollection of the house to the conduct of Mrs. C. upon the memorable occasion of the production of this note . Were you in the house , Sir , at the time the committee were engaged in that part of the investigation ? if you were , you could not fail to be an attentive observer of that interesting scene . You must well remember how positively she had denied the possibility of the existence of such a note ; the confidence with which she declared that she never could have given to any one , a paper in the D. of Y . 's hand-writing . After the house was in full possession of all the case , the note itself being upon your table , she was