; and which may , in the opinion of some persons , call even for punishment . But if it were possible that the address of the hon . mover could be adopted , what would then be the duty imposed upon his majesty ? What would his majesty under such circumstances be compelled to do ? —Would he not have to do this ? —Not to enquire himself whether the alledged abuses and corruptions existed ; not to say whether the removal of the Duke of York from his high office , would be sufficient atonement for his offence ; but , to direct his Attorney-General to institute a publick prosecution against him . But , Sir , is there any man in this house who would consent to impose upon his majesty such a duty as that of directing the Attorney-General to prosecute the D. of York at the Old Bailey or at the King 's Bench ? Is there a man in the house , who would wish to impose on his majesty so painful a sacrifice of his parental feelings ? And are we to adopt an address which might lead to such a course , `` out of delicacy and respect , '' as the hon . gent . expresses himself , to his majesty ? But independent of considerations so delicate , would it be justifiable , would it be consistent with the dignity of this house to impose upon the king that duty which , from whatever motives , we are afraid , or decline to perform ourselves ? shall we leave to his majesty to say that which we ourselves have not the courage to pronounce ? Clearly not . On the contrary , if the conclusion to which this house shall come upon these charges , is , that the proof is sufficient for this house to entertain them , the result ought to be , and must be , to send them ourselves , to the bar of the house of lords ; and , by the constitutional and appropriate pro- 60 ceeding of impeachment , to put the D. of York upon his defence , and upon his trial . In my judgment , sir , the D. of York is not guilty of corruption or connivance . This is the opinion which in my judgment , we are imperatively called on by the justice of the case , to pronounce . If that judgment is correct , we ought to say so ; we ought to declare unequivocally , that this house sees no ground for charging h. r. h. with corruption , or with connivance at the practices which have been disclosed at our bar . Such , sir , is the opinion which , after the most deliberate and most anxious consideration of all the evidence , and all the circumstances of this important case , I have conscientiously formed in my own mind . I will now proceed to explain to the house , the grounds upon which that opinion is founded : — I ought however , before I proceed farther , to state as a justification of some early expressions of my own on this case , that I certainly did , ( I do not hesitate , sir , to confess it , ) I certainly did come to the examination of the conduct of the illustrious person , now under accusation , strongly influenced by that desire which the hon . mover of the address himself expressed , and which he now says he believes to have . been universal in this house , that h. r. h , should be exculpated and cleared from every imputation of blame . But , I must say further , that I came to it with every prejudice against the truth of the accusation . I have certainly long cherished the opinion , and still , cherish it , that whatever may be the opinion of persons out of doors—whatever may be the language of pamphlets and libels , published and circulated with malicious industry , for the infamous purpose , not merely of