if so , there would not have been wanting those who , according to this new mode of reasoning upon evidence , would have voted me guilty of high treason , and carried up an address to the throne for my removal . Sir , I trust , if that note respecting Tonyn , because unexplained and unexplainable , is to operate the weight of a hair in judgment against the Duke of York , inferior courts of justice will not learn their inks and construction of evidence from us , the Commons of Great Britain . Again then , I say , sir , there is nothing in these hidden treasures , the letters discovered in Sandon 's possession , which , like the talisman in the Arabian Nights , were supposed to shed light around them , and open to view the darkest recesses of iniquity ; I say there is nothing that goes to supply the link which is wanting , in the whole concatenation of evidence , to fasten the knowledge of the corrupt practices of Mrs. Clarke upon the Duke of York . In many instances , as in the case of Spedding , these papers , so accidentally , so providentially brought to light , directly contradict and disprove her statement . But then , it is said , a witness who is incredible in some respects , is not so in all ; therefore his testimony may still be believed , where it is corroborated by others . It will not be contended , however , that an incredible witness , such as Mrs. Clarke is allowed to be , is to have the whole of her evidence believed , because her testimony is accidentally strengthened in some parts : she is credible only where her evidence is confirmed . One gentleman , indeed , of great talents and eminence , the former Solicitor-General , ( sir S. Romilly , ) expressed an opinion , which , if he does entertain , I hope he will be found to be the only man who entertains it , `` that a witness who is detected in giving false testimony , in one particular , at the bar of the House of Commons , is not so much to be distrusted , as to I the remaining part of his testimony , as a I witness who trips when upon cath ; that perjury , indeed , affects not only that part of a witness 's testimony which is proved to be false , but the whole ; but that an unsworn falsehood vitiates only the part so falsified , and leaves the remainder as worthy of credit as before . '' Such I collected to 615 be the hon . and learned gent . 's doctrine ; and a doctrine more monstrous in morals , or more destructive of the jurisdiction of the House of Commons , it would not be easy to devise . That a witness who speaks falsely when not on oath , is not thereby rendered wholly unworthy of belief , when the sanction of an oath is applied to him , is an intelligible proposition : a man might be ready to say , what he would not swear : but to maintain that he who is proved to have said one thing falsely , is not therefore liable to be suspected of saying another thing falsely ; that he is to be believed in the remainder of his testimony , as if he bad not been detected in falsehood in a part ; is a proposition which it will require something more than the single authority of that hon . and learned gent. , ( however he may pride himself on that singularity , ) to maintain . The main questions , therefore , to which you must come , are these : do you believe Mrs. Clarke 's evidence , or do you not ? Or do you see reason to think that there is a mixture of truth and falsehood hi it ? There are but these three possible decrees of credit . Do you believe