Mrs. C. , yet Mr. Wardle tells you that she , after considering it coolly in her chamber , positively ascertained it to be on the 25th of July . Now you have only to look at the official documents , and col. Gordon 's evidence , by which you will see that it received the Duke 's approbation on the 23d , went to Weymouth on the 24th , had the King 's fiat on the 25th , and returning too late for Saturday 's Gazette , was gazetted on the 30th ; so that the very first application to her was on the same day with the king 's assent , and two days after the Duke had finally agreed to it . In short , it is manifest that the end was accomplished two days prior to the very first application to her . Here then is a charge , not only repugnant to the truth , but even refuted out of the mouth of Mrs. C. herself . Here too I should not omit another striking instance of her false assertions . Mr. Knight assures you of her express desire to have the matter kept a secret , lest it should come to the Duke 's cars . This she has denied again and again , but it is proved again and again . She would have it believed , that her desire was to keep it a secret from the public , not from the Duke . The question , therefore , being more than once repeated to Mr. Knight , he as often emphatically affirms , that the public was never named , but that the Duke was ; and that the reason she assigned was , that his knowledge of it would prove fatal to her interest . Similar requests of secrecy on her part are likewise proved at other times , by other witnesses ? I will not , therefore , occupy the attention of the House any longer with this subject , but come to another , that of capt . Maling , which failed so entirely , that it had very nearly escaped my recollection . In this case I can recognize no corruption whatever . The charge is , an undue appointment , with a view to favour a person with whom it is insinuated that the Duke was corruptly connected . It is , that during the time of capt . Maling 's holding the several commissions of ensign , lieut. , and capt. , he was nothing more than a clerk in Mr. Greenwood ' soffice , where he might still be seen at his desk , possessed of no military merit , and without ever having joined his regiment . It will be enough to remind the house , that being selected , at first , as a 35 promising young man , by the commander of his regiment , his merits were such as not barely to recommend him to his subsequent promotions , but also to the favour of a distinguished officer , gen. Frazer , who , more than once , solicited leave to take him as his aid-de-camp ; and so far was he from continuing at the desk , that he has been constantly with his regiment , and generally abroad . It has been endeavoured , however , to supply this entire failure of proof , by an enquiry , whether , at the time of cant . Maling 's promotion , there was not , in the army , a very considerable number of meritorious officers senior to him . But let me ask the hon . member , than whom I believe there is no man more anxious for the welfare of the army , whether he means that the power of promotion should be vested in the House of Commons , instead of the Crown ? At no one period , and by no description of persons , even by the most strenuous assertors of liberty , has this prerogative been denied . It is needless to state the partialities , and I must say the corruption