But the D. of Y. agreed to assist him , and there were only two ways , as far as he could understand , in which the D. of Y. could be defended : 1st , That he agreed to procure the office for this person on the recommendation of sir H. Mann , without any regard to the loan ; or that having applied to another for the office , instead of giving it himself , there was no corruption . With regard to the first , it was impossible to believe that these transactions of the loan and the office were not connected together . The expression of sir H. Mann , That he would be happy to serve Kennett , was not a reason for the D. of Y. to take up the matter . The man himself understood it otherwise ; for he talked to Greenwood of the office as a condition of the loan , and so Greenwood had represented the business to the D. of Y. and what did the D. of Y. say ? Not that it was impossible that those two 426 transactions should be mixed together ; they both proceeded in conjunction , till the D. of Y. was informed , that Kennett was a bad character . The breaking off of the affair on this account had been pleaded in exculpation . But the real cause for putting an end to the negociation , was not merely the bad character of this man , who , it appeared , had been a fraudulent bankrupt , but the presumption , that owing to this circumstance , he was not a person of sufficient consequence to procure the loan which he promised . If this transaction had succeeded , it would have appeared to all who became acquainted with it , that in order to obtain an office under government , nothing more was necessary than to have gone to the Commander in Chief with the offer of a loan.—As to the charge of conniving at corruption , it was very difficult to disbelieve the connivance of the D. of Y. when one considered the words which Miss Taylor proved him to have addressed to Mrs. C. The evidence of Miss Taylor was unimpeached , and would have supported the strongest suspicion of corruption , although that of Mrs. C. should be placed entirely out of the question . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had thought that the indignation at the mode of examination which she had undergone was unreasonable , because it had arisen from her having her father 's and mother 's names . This , however , was not the case . It was because she had been asked whether her mother was not in the Fleet prison . The right hon . gent . had stated this to be necessary to shew that she was an illegitimate child , whereas she had represented the contrary . If the right hon . gent . had given himself the trouble to examine the evidence , he would have found that she made no such representation , and he was persuaded he would not have asked such a question ; for it was one which could have had no other effect than that of distressing the feelings of the witness . The consequence could only have been such as , according to the statement of the noble lord , ( Folkestone ) had been produced . Their creditors had been brought upon herself and her sister ; executions had been sent into their house , and they had been driven out into the wide world . But the gentlemen had defended themselves by blaming some persons on his side for the question put to Nichols , as to the forgery of the will . The question whether he had forged the will had not been asked . He himself had stated , that 427 he had received a letter from Mrs. C. , and he had only been asked what were its contents . Even in the courts below , it was customary to ask witnesses whether