house with his lordship ( Mr. Sheridan ) , had also taken upon him to throw down the gaunt-let to his hon . friend , and to animadvert on his conduct , because , forsooth , he had not taken his sago advice ! Even the getting witnesses lo give evidence at the bar of the house , was a matter of the utmost difficulty . It was viewed with equal horror , as if the persons called on had been to be carried as culprits to the bar of the Old Bailey . Whatever might , however , be the opinion of the public , some honour , instead of infamy , would attach to the conduct of his hon . friend . Wherever he went , he would be accompanied by the love and gratitude of his fellow countrymen , and by their admiration for that matchless and persevering resolution which had enabled him to surmount so many and such great obstacles . Publicity was what the friends of h. r. h. affected to court : the publicity they had demanded had been obtained . He thought it ill became them now to complain of the public mind being led astray , by misrepresentations in newspapers . He did not know what misrepresentations were alluded to ; but , for his part , he was quite astonished at the accuracy with which the , examinations had been detailed . Before he sat down , he could not avoid saying , that the house had now an opportunity of retrieving what , he believed , they had lost in public opinion . He could recommend to them nothing better ban to recollect that prayer which was always said before the house entered upon business , imploring the Almighty `` to enable them to lay aside all private interests , prejudices , and partial affections . '' If they did so , and came to the vote as Judges , and not Advocates , he had little doubt of the result . His feeling was for a Resolution much stronger than what was proposed , he should , however , give his Vote most sincerely in favour of the Resolution which had been proposed by his hon . friend . rose , and spoke to the following effect : — ; I am sure the house will not be surprised that I should take the first moment to present myself to you after what has fallen from the noble lord , respecting the testimony which I have been called upon to give in this proceeding . After having passed my life as it were in tills house , or in its presence ; having been 317 a member of this house before the noble lord was born : having had the honour of a seat here from 1774 to 1796. and generally taking a pretty considerable share in its business and discussion ; after having , in the year 1796 , retired from this house to pass my time almost constantly in its presence in the discharge of professional duties , in which I trust I have never dishonoured myself ; having returned again to this house in 1806 , the representative of as enlighten ed a body of constituents as any in the kingdom , and chosen on principles of perfect freedom , I can not but be most anxious to maintain and vindicate that character , to preserve to myself that reputation with this house and with the public , which I hope I may have acquired by a long public life of activity , industry , and independence . Sir , I am not so weak , and I trust I do not so ill understand the situation in which I have lately been placed , as to take offence at the noble lord for having observed upon my evidence—every person who is a witness is liable to have his testimony discussed with freedom—justice , which is no respecter of persons , requires it . But when the noble lord has slated that I have given inconsistent evidence ; that I have been contradicted by other witnesses