out of doors he hoped would never influence the House of Commons . The noble lord then drew a line of distinction between a representative and his constituents , and contended that it was not the duty of a member of that Legislative Body to attend to a popular outcry , but to judge from the facts and evidence before them . He concluded by observing , that the Amendment of the hon . gent. , Mr. Bankes , went to send the Commander in Chief into the presence of his royal Father , and to tell him his son had been condemned by the House of Commons without a trial . He would ask them what must be the feelings of the parent not only as to his legitimate offspring in such a case , but also his feelings as the lawful parent and guardian of the constitution of this country , which denied not any person , however menial and depraved , a trial ? He entreated them distinctly to say what were the charges against the Duke of York , not to say there was a little immorality there , or a little connivance here , if they could not come to a vote , that the noble personage had committed a crime . He begged of them to pause before they sent forward to the world , that the Commander in Chief should be dismissed from his high situation , without the concurrence of any other tribunal than their own authority . Upon all these grounds he objected to both the Addresses , as going to brand the Duke of York with infamy , without allowing him the benefit of a trial by his Peers , under the usual sanction of the witnesses being sworn . It appeared to him that no case had been made out , which would justify such a proceeding in the house , and therefore he should vote for the Resolutions as moved by his right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer . said , he knew the dreadful 534 abyss into which his royal highness the Duke of York must fall , if he met with the condemnation of that house . He certainly felt for him very much ; he felt also the highest respect and duty towards the family of this illustrious personage ; but he could not forget that he had a paramount duty to fulfil to the house and the country ; and he would , however disagreeable it might be to him , endeavour to discharge that duty so as to acquit himself to his conscience and country . The house were now on the point of coming to a decision , on a subject of the greatest magnitude and importance that had ever been submitted to their consideration , and they ought to decide in this case , as they would in another , on a fair , cool , and dispassionate view of the evidence , and give their verdict accordingly . The royal person who was the subject of the inquiry then before them , had unquestionably the advantage of all the most eminent legal abilities which that house contained , aided by his majesty 's ministers , who , whatever he might in other respects think of them , had certainly defended the cause of the Duke of York in a zealous and able manner , and shewed what he must consider a biassed attention to the honour and character of the Commander in Chief . The Commander in Chief had all the advantage of party , for on his side was the ministers and their friends , the lawyers with one brilliant exception , the army , the advantages of his high rank , of his being the son of our king , and within two of the throne , the gratitude for fourteen years of favour , the friends that fourteen years of such extensive patronage had attached . Those the Commander in Chief had served were in his ranks ; those who expected favours had no alternative but to support him , or sacrifice their expectations