suffered to rest . After what has been seen , we know too well what foundation has been given , upon which such false and exaggerated statements have been built . Let a veil be thrown over the past . It is for the interest of the community that it should . I know that in some gentlemen there is a disposition to restrain the press . Its perfect freedom is in my opinion as essential to liberty , as the circulation of the blood to the existence of animal life . Its licen- 240 tiousness is under the controul of the law . If , then , the learned gent , shall think it right to draw the vengeful pen of indictment , let him not forget the well known pamphlet called the Plain Statement , which issued from the press in the course of the last summer , than which a more calumnious libel was never uttered , either against the Duke of York , or against the British constitution . The fact charged by the greatest characters of the present reign , that there does exist an interior cabinet , controuling the operations of the executive servants of the crown , and thwarting their measures , is there directly avowed ; and the Duke of York is named as the head of that dark and dangerous cabal . If any thing calls for prosecution , it is that , the grossest of all the calumnies which have been published against his royal highness . Sir , the indulgence with which I have been heard , demands my unfeigned acknowledgments . I have laid before you my whole heart , upon this most anxious and important subject . I have delivered my opinion , fully , freely , without hesitation or reserve . If my reasoning shall at all have tended to elucidate a matter involved in much intricacy , and where the chain of evidence is difficult to follow , it will be satisfactory to me , to think that my labours may have conduced to assist in forming the opinions of others . I should , however , be unfeignedly sorry to have given a false interpretation to any thing which has fallen from the witnesses , or unduly to bias the opinion of any member of the house . I will now conclude by again calling upon the house of commons , carefully to perform the solemn duty which they owe to their constituents . In this awful crisis of our fate , the safety of England depends upon the firmness and decision with which this house shall execute its trust . The passing moment is big with danger . The plague is amongst us . Bring incense quickly . This house alone can effectually interpose : alone can stand between the living and the dead , and stay the plague ! ! ! ( Sir Vicary Cibbs ) —Sir , some of the observations of the hon . gent. , ( Mr. Whitbread ) who has just sat down , were applied personally to me and to my conduct in the official situation which I have the honour of filling . With respect to those observations I shall not detain the house by entering into any consideration of them , but content myself 241 with saying , that I shall always proceed upon those principles and in that line of conduct which in my own view are best calculated to enable me to discharge faithfully , strictly , and impartially that duty which in my official character I owe to the public . The hon . gent , in the opening of his address stated to the Louse that he thought it impossible any gentleman could be found who would differ from him in the conclusions which he could draw ; and at the close of his speech he disclaimed all idea of prevailing upon any man to give a vote to which he was not led by the conviction of his own understanding . I can not help thinking that unless the hon . gent . can lead others into his opinions ,