in which she gave this testimony , that after she had first answered according to the truth , that she had seen col. Wardle on that day , she implied from the manner in which the question was repeated that there was something wrong in her having so seen him , and she therefore without the least , hesitation utters a deliberate falsehood Mrs. Clarke is next , sir , distinctly contradicted by the rev . 292 Mr. Ellis , a most respectable witness , with whom Mrs. Favery lived as a servant . Mrs Clarke is asked , 'Were you in the 'habit of any intimacy with Mrs. Favery 'at the time she lived with Mr. Ellis , ' she I answers 'No . ' She is then asked , 'Did you 'ever call upon her at Mr . Ellis 's ? ' She answers , ' I do not recollect that I ever did ; ' I called to letch her away once when I 'wanted her , 1 believe , a hackney coach- 'man fetched her and a young lady . ' Mr. Ellis says that Mrs. C. called repeatedly upon Mrs. Favery while she was in his service , that she staid sometimes half an hour and sometimes an hour , that her visits appeared to him to be very familiar , and that from the familiarity which subsisted between them he surmised that they were relations . Mrs. Favery 's evidence puts Mrs. C. 's relationship to her out of all doubt , but Mrs. C. was ashamed of it and thought lit to deny it . And then without the least hesitation she denied every circumstance of her intimacy with her from which that relationship might be presumed . Thus , throughout her evidence , wherever you can find any motive , however slight , for her concealing the truth , you may be quite certain that falsehood will follow . It can not , sir , be necessary to multiply the instances of these contradictions ; and I have surely now a right to Say that Mrs. C. is not entitled to credit because she is contradicted by most unimpeachable witnesses . I have stated , as the second reason for disbelieving her , that her evidence is in itself in some points inconsistent and contradictory ; upon this head , after the time which I have occupied , upon the first point , I need only refer the house I to her evidence as to Mr. Dowler . When I first examined as to Mr. Dowler , she slated that she had seen him only twice since his arrival from Portugal , once in the evening , on which she was then examined ; and once before on a Sunday . She afterwards on a subsequent day acknowleged that she had seen him also on the very Thursday on which he reached London ; and that she passed that night with him at the coffee house in Saint Martin 's Lane . It is not surprizing that she should have desired to conceal the circumstance ; of her having passed that night with him ; but it was not for that purpose necessary to deny that she had ever seen him before the Sunday . And the circumstance of her having seen Mr. Dowler on the Thurs-I day is by no means immaterial to the case ; for this immudiate opportunity of 293 concert and arrangement gives a very different complexion both to her testimony and to Mr. Dowler 's . Sir , the part of her testimony which appears to me in its own nature so incredible as to be of itself sufficient to destroy all pretension to her obtaining any belief , is her statement that the D. of Y. told her , `` that if she was `` clever she need never want money . '' Is there a man in this house , or in the country , who can believe that the D. of Y. could have debased and lowered his mind to such a feeling and such an expression . We are not , however ,