and partnership of the glory earned by his honourable friend . The noble lord is welcome to his full share . But yet , whatever be the result of this inquiry , I confess I can not offer the honourable gentleman my congratulations . Of the motives upon which he has acted I do not presume to judge . They may have been , and I dare say they were , pure and honourable . With the conduct of the honourable gentleman in this house , since the commencement of the inquiry , I am not disposed to quarrel : but still I can not congratulate him . I can not concur in the opinion that he has done a great national good . Much rather do I agree with the hon . gentleman , ( Mr. Bankes , ) whose proposed amendment is now before us , that whatever the issue may be , much irrepara rable mischief will have been done ; more at least than we can hope to see remedied . Whether , with a view to contingent good , it was right to bring forward these charges , 620 is matter of judgment and conscience which I have no doubt the hon . gent , weighed well , before he brought them forward . Not only ought he , in my opinion , to have sifted , anxiously and jealously , his own motives , so as to be sure that nothing of personal feeling , of resentment , or of dislike , entered into them ; but he ought to have decidedly made up his own conviction that the proportion of evil to be produced by this proceeding was not greater than that of the good which he could hope to do . The legitimate end of punishment is prevention : but here the crime was confessedly at an end , at least in the person whom he proposed to punish . I should not myself think that the abstract benefit to be obtained by punishment , as such , without a view to its consequences , could have such a value in any man 's eyes , as to make him feel it his duty to drag every past-gone transgression into open day , for the sole purpose of visiting them with punishment . Redress public evils with a diligent zeal , and with a careful hand . But whether the consequences of such an investigation may not be to produce public evils of a far greater magnitude than those which you punish , is a considerat on to which I wish the hon . gent , had given its due weight before he embarked in this undertaking . Now it is too late . The house has no option . I am aware , Sir , that the opinions may expose me to much misrepresentation . I shall hear my self reported to have said , perhaps , that the transgressions of princes are to be overlooked , defended , or rewarded . I care not for such misrepresentation . I am conscious of the integrity of the motives which dictate my opinions : and looking to the consequences of this inquiry , which may be such as to shake this great empire to its foundation ; and comparing that possible danger with the degree of good which any the most sanguine moralist can conceive to arise from the abstract , consideration , of punishment inflicted , and misconduct exposed , to no visible practical purpose ; I can not help declaring , that while I am willing to give the hon . gent , due credit for the sincerity and goodness of his intentions , I can not consider him as a great public benefactor . I must add . Sir , that if thanks shall be proposed to the hon . gentleman , as I understand is in the contemplation of some persons , I shall stand forward , and I trust I shall stand forward not alone , ( though alone I would do 621 it ) to endeavour to induce this house to reject such a proposition .