knew . I must say , that this mode of attack , by insinuation—this throwing out accusations , is unfair . If there be any intention of attacking my hon . friend , let the attack be open ; Jet the charge be definite ; that it may be known of what lie is accused : to that I have not the least objection . What is the fact , Sir ? General Clavering , it is now apparent , had a motive for the extraordinary testimony which he gave ; that motive , Sir , was an anxiety to invalidate the testimony of the principal witness brought forward to prove the Charges against the Duke of York . Gen. Clavering came forward voluntarily as a witness , with a design , by overthrowing that testimony , to exculpate the Duke of York—and also to exculpate himself from the saspicion of having trafficked or tampered in the disposal of military promotions —and , as a voluntary witness , he must be treated . How does he appear , according to his own account , at a subsequent exami- 782 nation ? As a voluntary witness—colluding with Mr. Lowten—he himself first states by letter , that he came a voluntary witness—then , that he assumed that character , in pursuance of the advice of Mr. Lowten , who told him that it would be to his advantage to appear to be a voluntary witness . He tells you , that in the first letter which he wrote , Mr. Lowten 's name was mentioned , but that it was expunged at the instance of Mr. Lowten , who said it was proper that he should appear to come without instigation . This Mr. Lowten expressly contradicts . The hon . baronet says he can bring witnesses to shew that Mr. Lowten was in an error in what he stated ; but in whichever way you put it , whether you believe general Clavering , who admits himself to have colluded with Mr. Lowten—or whether you believe Mr. Lowten ; certain it is to demonstration , that general Clavering gave a false account at the bar . And this , I apprehend , is a complete dilemma , from which it is beyond the power and abilities of the hon . baronet to extricate general Clavering . This gentleman is summoned to the bar of this house by his own express desire ; and the whole tenor of his evidence has for its object the complete destruction of the credibility of Mrs. Clarke , the principal evidence against the Duke of York , by shewing that she was utterly unworthy of belief . Now , although the minute correctness of general Clavering was not eminently conspicuous from the commencement of his examination , for we soon saw that he had not the most correct idea of the nature of evidence , I do assert that , if the letters which were afterwards so fortunately ; I may almost say providentially , found , and that , too , let it be remembered , without the premeditation or even expectation of Mrs. Clarke ; the evidence of general Clavering would have been believed ; that of Mrs. Clarke would have been discredited ; completely overthrown ; and there would have been an end of the investigation of the Charges against the Duke of York.—But , says the hon . baronet , the moment he discovered his mistake , general Clavering came forward with the utmost anxiety to correct his evidence . Now , what is this , Sir ? When those letters were brought to light —of the existence of which , from their not having been produced , or mentioned , or even hinted at ; the General had never dreamt ; when it was as clear as troth that the General had spoken any thing 783 rather than the truth ; when it was in the mouths of even the multitude , `` What will be done with general Clavering ? '' then comes the General , after a lapse of several days , to correct his mistake , to tell