of Mrs. Clarke and Miss Taylor ; and stated that he was decidedly of opinion , that the latter , in giving her evidence , was influenced by Mrs. Clarke , and ought not to be believed.—He then took a circumstantial and comprehensive view of the Duke of York 's conduct , as to the dismissal of Mrs. Clarke , and contended , he would not have applied to the hon . and learned member ( Mr. Adam ) to employ Mr. Low ten and Mr. Wilkinson to investigate into her conduct , if he had not known himself to be perfectly innocent ; he never had shrunk from any coercive menace she had threatened him with . He regretted that the letters from his royal highness to Mrs. Clarke had ever been written , but it shewed the purity of his motives , when writing them , that he did not afterwards wish to purchase them . As to the feeling of the army with respect to the Duke of York , he was convinced that no man ever enjoyed so completely their affections , and no man had ever done so much good to the British army . Under his administration every attention had been paid to the comforts of the soldier , and the character of the army had made rapid strides to perfection , and he should implore the house to consider rather the military charges against him , than the accusation of immorality . If even under the corrupt influence of Mrs. Clarke , he had never given any appointments that 528 were not justified on strict military grounds , it must be supposed his future administration would be still more free from blame , now he had extricated himself from that influence and connection , and received a very severe lesson , from the evils it had occasioned , and the painful exposures which had been made . There was another point of view in which the subject was of the highest importance . His royal highness stood very near in the succession to the throne . If he should now be branded as a man unfit to be trusted in the service of his country , the same reason should go to induce Parliament to exercise their power in cutting off his succession ; for how could a man , stained with infamy and corruption , command , or deserve the respect and affections of the people of this country ? On that account he deprecated any condemnation by the House of Commons , but demanded , as he had undoubtedly the right to do , a trial by his Peers , in case the house should think there was a sufficient case to put him on his trial . Alluding to the Letter of his royal highness , presented to the house , he said it was that of an innocent man claiming that which is the birthright of every Englishman . It did not go farther than declaring his innocence , and protesting against being tried in his absence , and that on evidence not given on oath . Upon all these grounds he objected to both the Addresses , as going to brand the Duke of York with infamy , without allowing him the benefit of a trial by his Peers , under the usual sanction of the witnesses being sworn . It appeared to him that no case had been made out , which would justify such a proceeding in the house , and therefore life should vote for the Resolutions as moved by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . rose amidst aloud cry of `` question ! question ! '' He said he should not , at that hour , intrude himself upon the attention of the house , but that he felt it his paramount duty to deliver his sentiments on a question of such magnitude , before the house should come to a decision upon it . The right hon . gentleman who had just sat down , to his surprise , had expressed his intention of voting , as he conceived , contrary to what