that evidence , or with any connivance at the corrupt and infamous practices which are therein disclosed . `` —The house would observe that the words here went merely to express that there was no ground of charge against the Duke of York ; meaning , that there was no such ground as would justify the house in proceeding any farther with these charges , by carrying them 1o any other tribunal , and consequently that they were not proved . But the right hon . gent . over the way ( Mr. Tierney ) asked , how he could be called upon to say that there was nothing unpleasant passing in his mind on this subject ? Surely this would not imply , that there was nothing unpleasant passing in the mind of any gentleman , nor preclude him from any subsequent expression of such a feeling , if he should think proper to resort to such a course . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Bathurst ) seemed to think that many votes , in favour of his royal highness , as far as respected personal corruption , would be lost by not 664 proceeding by Address . But why might , not gentlemen vote for a Resolution as well as for an Address , if the sense was the same . If the right hon . gent . meant that an Address might be framed so as not to negative the charge of corruption , he had only to answer that he would not purchase unanimity on such terms . He should think that he had acted most unfairly by the house and the public if he had not proposed a distinct Resolution on that point . He should hope , then , that those who thought that there was no proof to charge his royal highness with personal corruption or connivance would readily vote for this Resolution . Those who were of a contrary opinion of course could not vote for it . A right hon . gent . ( Mr. Windham ) with whose conclusions he agreed in many instances , said that there might be a connivance without being greatly criminal . There might , perhaps , be cases in which this might hold true , but in this case he rather thought that there could not be an innocent connivance . The sort of connivance alluded to was perhaps a blind negligence . But if there was even that degree of connivance , he could not see how the house could say that his royal highness was not guilty . If on the application of Mrs. Clarke the Duke of York suspected her corrupt motives , and yet granted the commissions solicited , then he was an active party . However , as far as he had examined the evidence , there appeared no more ground for this than for any other sort of knowledge of these corrupt practices , and therefore , he thought , that the house ought to pronounce a distinct negative upon the charge of connivance . With respect to the termination of the proceedings , the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Tierney ) had stated his opinion , that the house ought to have proceeded by Address . Now , when he desired to proceed by Resolution , he also proposed subsequently , to move an Address . That Address might , perhaps , not go the length that some gentlemen might think advisable : but still it was open to amendment . He had from the first declared , that they ought not to stop here , but that it was incumbent on them to do something more on the serious matters that had been disclosed . It had been said that an Address would be better than this Resolution , but he was of opinion that the decision of corruption or connivance was better put in a Resolution , because if carried in the affirmative it would serve as a ground on which the house could go to trial , and ul- 665 terior criminal proceedings . He admitted that he did