know no other way by which gentlemen can do their duty to the public , than by examining the evidence with diligence and impartiality , and by pronouncing honestly the best , judgment which they can form upon it . If it be meant that any opinion formed out of doors is to guide the decision of this 299 house , I am sure that those who shall act upon such a principle , would not serve , but betray the best interests of the public . It is , I think , a libel upon the good sense and justice of the country to state that the public have yet formed any thing like a settled opinion upon the subject ; though no one can doubt , considering the publicity of our proceedings , that strong prepossessions may have been created in the minds of many . But the public know that those prepossessions have been formed upon an imperfect statement of the evidence . They know that this is a case which depends altogether upon the credit due to witnesses ; and that those only can fully estimate that credit who have witnessed the conduct and demeanour of the witnesses while giving their testimony . They know that it is not to be expected from any person who has not the duty of a judge to perform , to submit to the laborious and painful investigation and comparison which can alone enable us to decide faithfully upon the effect of the voluminous evidence which the case has produced . All the rational part of the public will suspend their opinion until this house shall have pronounced its decision ; and if this be pronounced , as I am sure it will be , impartially and honestly , it will doubtless be sanctioned by the settled judgment of the country . expressed his satisfaction at having given way to the learned member who spoke last . He was anxious to hear his sentiments on the important subject before the house ; because , from his high professional character , he was led to entertain strong hopes , that they would accord with the view which other able men had taken of the question . He agreed with him , perfectly , that the question was to be decided by the evidence before the house , but upon the closest attention that he had been able to give to that evidence , he was led to draw from it a conclusion quite different to that deduced by the hon . and learned gentleman.—But , before he should notice what had fallen from that hon . and learned gent . he should say a word or two upon what had been urged by the right hon . gent . opposite ( Sir . Yorke ) . With respect to what had been stated by the right hon . gent . on the floor , on the proceeding proposed by the hon . gent . ( Mr. Bankes ) , he would refer to the explanation given by that hon . gent . The hon . gentleman who proposed that proceeding , had explained its nature in a few 300 words , and fully demonstrated , to the satisfaction of the house , that the course he recommended was neither involved in intricacy , nor embarrassed with difficulty . It was perfectly clear , that no question coulci exist as to its regularity , and he was confident that no doubt could be entertained as to its propriety . The reason which the hon . gent . assigned for the mode of proceeding which he had recommended , was , that he did not think the case such an one as ought to be met by Resolutions , and therefore he had proposed an Address in the spirit of the original motion , and differing only in form . He also stated , that it was desirable to reduce the whole into one connected intelligible question. , which it would not be difficult to decide upon ; and in order to prevent the case from being split and divided , as in