this most awful occasion . He was sorry to differ from those with whom he could not agree upon this question , but he had a bounden duty to perform and must perform it faithfully . He had bestowed all the attention he was able to command on the evidence which had been given at the bar of the house upon this subject . He had attended also , as well as he was able , to all the argument which had been urged on either side of it ; and the result of the whole was , that , in his mind , his r. h. the Duke of York was indeed guilty ; guilty of connivance in the shameful traffic of Mrs. Clarke in military 683 promotions . Much had been said about clamour out of doors on this subject , supposed to have been raised for the purpose of deterring members of the house of commons from giving their opinion freely on the great question now before them . He thought there was no foundation for that complaint , for he had no doubt that every member of that house would do his duty in it , independent of any other consideration than that of the performance of that duty : and here he must invoke the integrity of each individual member whom he now had the honour of addressing through the medium of the chair . He defied any man who heard him , to lay his hand upon his heart and say , after he had read the evidence given in this case , that the Duke of York was not guilty of connivance at the malpractices of Mrs. Clarke in military and other promotions , which she procured , and also tried to procure , through the medium of the influence which she had with the Commander in Chief . He was ready to admit that the evidence of Mrs. Clarke was in itself somewhat suspicious ; but supported by other testimony , and connected with circumstances , it must bring conviction to the minds of all who heard it ; and that the more remarkably , as her evidence was corroborated by little facts and minute circumstances , travelling up step by step , until the whole of the mass of her evidence was entirely confirmed . He had no hesitation in saying there was no court of justice in the kingdom , where there was a proclamation made of any gaol delivery , in which the evidence given by Mrs. Clarke at the bar of that house , corroborated as it was by documents and the testimony of others , would not be received , and would not be conclusive even in matter of life and death ; and this he said with perfect confidence , notwithstanding the opinion given by a learned judge ( Mr. Burton ) early in the discussion of this subject , for whom no man in the kingdom had more respect than himself . But , he must be allowed to judge from facts , and he did not hesitate to declare , that unless the house of commons pronounced the Duke of York guilty of connivance at least , it would be a mockery of their proceedings . He felt himself bound to say this , and that the house could not avoid to say the same thing by its vote , unless they had a mind to be ridiculous in the face of the world . He felt no difficulty in considering himself as competent to judge of this question , as those 684 who affected superior sagacity ; for he had had a good deal of experience in the investigation of evidence . He had the honour to be Chairman at a Quarter Sessions , and he must say , that the evidence given in this case against the Duke of York was as satisfactory as any he ever heard in any court of justice in his life . It was his duty to consider this subject , and he did consider it with the same scrupulous care and solemnity as if he were