public , must take into its consideration . Supposing the house should decide , as I think it must , that h. r. h. has not been guilty of corruption or corrupt connivance , it must still upon the next question , contemplating what is due to the interests of the public , consider what ought to be the degree of censure with which it should mark its displeasure , at the transactions which have been exposed , and what practical measure it shall in consequence adopt . Trusting that the house will keep in mind these two questions , and the plain distinction which exists between them , I think it will be useful , with a view to simplify and disembarrass our enquiry , distinctly to admit those parts of the case which I conceive to be indisputably proved , —That h. r. h. had formed a most intimate and unfortunate connexion with Mrs. C , can not be denied , and must ever be lamented ; that Mrs. C. was , during the continuance , of this connexion , concerned in most corrupt transactions can not be doubted ; and that she has continued in the practice of them ever since that connexion was dissolved , is also clear , and 64 ought never to be forgotten ; the question in dispute is , whether h. r. h. was privy to these transactions ? did he authorise them ? did he countenance them ? did he connive at them ? These are the questions which we must determine . It must be further admitted , that if Mrs. C. 's evidence be believed , there is nothing wanting to the complete conviction of the royal duke—the case , as against h. r. h. , is indisputably established in all its deepest aggravation . If her evidence be credited , it is not a case of neglect of duty , it is not a case of any minor fault , it is not a case even of connivance on the part of the D. of Y. ; but it is a case of the basest corruption in his own person , — corruption of the foulest nature , originating in himself . If she can be believed , it must be admitted as a matter of direct proof , established by her evidence beyond the possibility of doubt , that the D. of Y. and not Mrs. C , was the first adviser of these most criminal and disgraceful transactions : it must be taken as proved , that this royal person , the son of our virtuous and beloved monarch , was so abandoned and lost to every sense of what his duty and his station prescribed him , that when his mistress represented to him her pecuniary distresses , he pointed out these practices as the . means of relieving them ; he told her that , `` if she was clever , she could never want money ; '' that '' her influence was greater than that of the Queen ; '' and that by the judicious employment of that interest , she would preclude the necessity of recurring to him . It is evident , therefore , that the examination of the guilt or innocence of the D. of Y. , must open with the examination of the credit which is due to Mrs. C. There may possibly be doubt in some minds , although I hesitate not to declare that there is none in mine , of the innocence of h. r. h. though the evidence of Mrs. C. be not credible ; but there can be no doubt of his guilt , if she is believed . An attentive consideration , therefore , of all the various circumstances which affect the credit of this very suspicious witness , is our primary and indispensable duty . In the first place , the house will not fail to observe , that Mrs. C. presents herself at the bar in the questionable character of an accomplice , or rather as a principal in the guilt which she is called to detect . Upon this point