and have a right to expect from us . We are not to be driven from it to search for legal distinctions , or lose ourselves in desultory discussions upon forms . This is not an Old Bailey case . We , as representatives of the people , are not to be deterred from condemning what is criminal , by being told we are travelling out of the record . Where there is criminality , where there is corruption , I will not stop to examine the intricacies of the laws of evidence , or to square opinion with opinion , or charge with proof , but expose it at once , without waiting to ascertain from learned gentlemen , whether it lay within the record or not . I will therefore open my ears to every charge of corruption , and I can not here sufficiently express my astonishment that the learned gentleman who has so long , and , no doubt , ably , as he . has gone into the charges , should have wholly overlooked the evidence of general Claver- 50 ing and his letters . Did those letters tend to prove no long and habitual intercourse upon the subject of the corrupt bartering of promotion ? The learned gentleman says , that had he to direct a jury , he should have drawn a pen through the evidence of captain Sandon . Here , sir , I must say I lament when I see a character that gives much weight in whatever falls from him , arguing rather as an advocate , than as an unbiassed member of parliament . I say , sir , it was with astonishment I heard him argue from that , evidence , which he observed he should have felt it his duty to draw his pen through . Sir , I should disdain to use any influence , if I possessed it , to bias the opinion of any gentleman . I feel the duty a grievous one ; public character is public property ; whoever destroys it destroys the security by which we hold every blessing we possess . It will be in vain for any man to hope that he will escape , if the miserable scenes which have afflicted the Continent , were to desolate this country , those that participated in the plunder , and those who had opposed it , would equally fall victims.—Sir , those who are the real friends of the crown will serve its interest by proving themselves enemies to corruption . The proving to the nation , that no rank , no situation , will screen a culprit , will do more to unite the nation , and will tend more to the security of the country , than a victory , however brilliant , over the despot of France . It is idle to disguise , that the country does believe great corruption to exist , nor is this house free from suspicion . Ardently do I hope the decision of this night may lead to dispel those suspicions . Sir , the next case is that of col. Shaw , and here it is with astonishment I must again observe upon the learned gent . 's argument , that there could be no corruption , for if there had , col. Shaw would have been restored to full pay ; the learned gent , has no recollection of any part of the case which bears against the conclusion he wishes to draw , he intirely overlooks that the vengeance which fell upon col. Shaw , was from his not keeping his promise with Mrs. C , and the kind of vengeance shews clearly what the transaction had been . The learned gent . observes , that it is not becoming the house to go out of the record ; we , who are , or ought to be , the natural guardians of the public purse , are not to inquire into what even relates to it . Sir , I will accede to no such doctrine , it becomes the house to listen to every instance of