, and convicted upon the simple evidence of an accomplice . The robbery had been committed on a night so dark as to preclude the possibility of the party robbed being able to identify the robbers . One of the three was admitted an evidence for the Crown , and the other two were convicted upon his testimony . The case , however , was reserved by Mr. Justice Buller , and the decision of the twelve Judges was unanimously given , `` That an accomplice alone was a competent witness , and if the Jury weighing the probabilities of the case should think him worthy of credit , and convict the accused party , that such conviction was legal : that the distinction between competence and credibility had been long settled , that if any question respecting the competence of a witness arose , the Judge was to determine it ; but that on a question respecting credit , it was to be left to the Jury to decide , whether the witness was worthy of credit . '' ( Hear , hear , hear ! ) By the cheering of the hon . 305 gentlemen , they seemed to think they had gained some advantage , but he was ready to add , what would shew , that he had no wish to take advantage of them , because it made against his own argument . It was held , that this case was not accurately reported . It should have been reported , `` That the Judge , in summing up , ought to warn the Jury against believing such witness , but if they should give him credit , and convict , that such conviction was legal . '' Now , why had he quoted this case ? It was not for the purpose of maintaining that the testimony of an accomplice was to be received as that of a person totally free from suspicion , but to shew that it was not to be wholly over-looked , and that if it was corroborated by circumstances or other testimony , it was sufficient to support a conviction.—On this point , of the credibility of the testimony of accomplices , he should be glad to hear the hon . and learned gent. , the Solicitor General , who had been counsel on an election committee where a case of a somewhat similar nature had occurred . lie would appeal to him , whether the figure made by Maltby , by Donovan , by Sandon , or any of the least credible witnesses in the present inquiry , made any thing like so bad a figure as that of one Drake who had been a witness on that occasion ; yet he recollected that the learned gent , supported the testimony of that witness by an able speech . [ See vol . 9 , p . 23 . ] But he would not lay too much stress on the arguments of counsel , lest he should again meet with a reproof from the Attorney-General , for assigning them a degree of weight which they did not deserve . He would , however , call the recollection of the learned gent , to the conversation which he then had with him , when he contended , that if we were to exclude the evidence of accomplices , we could in many cases have no evidence at all . Supposing , for a moment , the D. of Y. to be guilty of the practices , now laid to his charge , from the nature of the case , it was impossible to convict him except on the evidence of accomplices . With respect to the testimony of Mrs. Clarke it had beenurged against it , that her motives cast a cloud upon her evidence , and that therefore she was not to be believed . This point had been so well and so ably argued last night by an hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) , that it would be only necessary for him briefly to refer to it . Mrs. C. was said to have