it unsealed , desirous that she should see the manner in which he expressed himself . How happens it to be still with Mrs. C , found among her letters , and unsealed ? Obviously for this reason : she never delivered it to the D. of Y . She had , no doubt , represented to 123 Elderton , that she would procure from h. r. h. this favour ; magnified the difficulty of procuring it ; and when it was obtained from the commander of the regiment , by his own application alone , assumed the merit of the success , ascribing it to her interference with the Duke ; and Elderton , impressed with this opinion , writes this letter of thanks , which of course she could not deliver , but , suppressing it , left it among her own papers . The next Case which seems to have made some impression upon the house , is the case of maj. Turner . The documents respecting it will be found in the Evidence of the 14th of February . This is the case of a gentleman who is desirous that he may be permitted to resign . His letter , requesting the acceptance of his resignation , arrives at the same time with a letter from a Mrs. Sinclair Sutherland , which desires that h. r. h. will not give him the opportunity of resigning , as `` he has behaved with unkindness towards a lady , who merited different treatment , and it is of importance to her to know where to find him for these six months ; and if he quits the regiment , he means to secrete himself from her . '' She adds ; `` The general knows all about it , and can corroborate what I say , if necessary . '' The Duke , upon the receipt of this letter , suspends the acceptance of the resignation , till he receives the result of the enquiry which he ordered to be made of gen. Cartwright , the colonel of the regiment , to whom he supposed Mrs. Sinclair to refer him for the particulars and the confirmation of her complaint . Upon this the hon . gent , says that the Duke is highly to blame ; and he asserts with great indignation , that h. r. h. must have known who this Airs . Sutherland was : that she was a woman of bad reputation , a prostitute , and consequently a person on whose statement no reliance could be placed , and no step ought to have been taken or suspended , to the prejudice of the character or interests of an officer in the army . Sir , I hardly knew how to trust my tense of hearing , when I heard the hon . gent , make this observation . Does the hon . gent , really think that no attention ought to have been paid to such information ? Does he really mean , that because a charge or a statement is made against any man by a prostitute , that it ought to be wholly disregarded and disbelieved an account of the character of the person 124 who makes it ? Does the hon . gent. , who has not hesitated to prefer such serious charges against the son of his sovereign , on the statement and information of Mrs. C.—does he , who has thought the assertion of such a woman a sufficient ground for him to rise in his place , and undertake to prove h. r. h. to be guilty of corruption—does he , who has thought himself justified to pledge himself and his character , in moving for an enquiry into the conduct of the Commander in Chief upon such a foundation—does he say that the communication of Mrs. Sutherland ought not to have been acted upon because she was a prostitute ? Is it for him to say that the D. of Y. was inexcusable in paying attention to a suggestion , coming from so corrupt a source ? Is this candid dealing towards the D. of Y.