mistress , preserved as much secrecy as it was easy for him to do . He never went in his carriage or on horseback ; he never was attended but by 509 one servant , and that servant always the same . If a Commander in Chief is to have I a mistress , one hardly knows how he should regulate his misconduct , so as to render it less injurious to the public morals . Those indeed , who urge this topic , hardly seem to consider it as a ground of charge which the house would have done right to take up originally , though they are willing now to treat it as a substantive charge . By the bulk of the house it seems only to be considered as a subject of animadversion , in as far as it has practically led to consequences injurious to the public service . These consequences are of two sorts ; first , the injury done to the service by the adoption of recommendations likely , in many instances , to lead to improper appointments . Secondly , the scandal given to the service and the country , by the suspicion that appointments were to be so obtained . From the former of these the Duke of York stands , in a great measure , acquitted by the very evidence brought forward to condemn him ; because Mrs. Clarke herself states throughout , that the recommendations which she delivered in could only expect to succeed on the supposition that there was , in the things themselves , nothing improper ; nor do I know , that in the case produced , there is any in which this condition does not appear to have been observed , except one , which I will speak to presently . I do not mean , however , to justify that sort of influence , which seems here to have been permitted , even when guarded by the condition supposed to have been annexed to it ; because there is often a wide difference , if I may so say , between what is not improper , and what is proper . The mistress might recommend a man to whom there was no formal or official objection , but who yet was very far from being the person whom the Commander in Chief ought to have selected . There was no greater abuse either in the army or in the whole service of the state , nor which led to more extensive consequences , but which was at the same time more inherent in the nature of things , and more impossible to be got at , than the abuse of patronage , in giving to favour what ought to be given only to merit . But he wished he could think that this was confined to commanders in chief 's mistresses , and that in failure of theirs , other influences would not succeed , by which , in the allotment of promotions and preferments , merit would be quite as much disregarded . Would the influence of mem- 510 bers of this house for instance be solely guided by the consideration of merit ? Would the recommendations of fashionable ladies in the society of this town , be always directed to purer objects , or not sometimes to the very same , as those with which Mr. Donovan or captain Sandon supplied Mrs. Clarke ? Of persons chosen , or of things done at her recommendation , absolutely out of rule , and which could be described as being improper in themselves , he knew , as he had said , but of one or two . French 's Levy , which occurred to him at the moment , as additional to the one to which he had before alluded , was a very bad case , and such as might well be suspected to have originated in influence like that of Mrs. Clarke 's . He had been long acquainted with its merits , and had contributed possibly in no small degree to its downfall , by papers respecting it which he (