declined fixing a day , and rather wished that ministers would look into the documents relating to the subject , and lay on the table such of them as could be made public without detriment to the public service . rose to move for several additional Papers respecting the campaign in Spain . His lordship read several motions , the first of which was , for the production of the Letters of Mr. Frere and Mr. Stuart to Sir John Moore and Sir David Baird , which , he understood , would not be objected to . The others were for the production of several Dispatches from Mr. Secretary Canning to Mr. Frere , a Dispatch from sir John Moore , dated the 13th of January last , a Letter from general Brodrick , which he considered to be important to the discussion of the Spanish question , as it related to the deficiency of cavalry in Spain , a deficiency the more inexcusable , as we had a force of twenty one thousand cavalry , eighteen thousand of which might have been spared for the assistance of Spain . Also the dispatch from lord Castlereagh to sir Hew Dalrymple , dated the 4th September , with the in-closures , and the instructions to Sir Hew Dalrymple , with respect to the formation of the Regency in Portugal , both which had before been moved for and refused , but which he still thought essential to the discussion of the general question . He did 800 not wish to anticipate that discussion ; but he could not but think , from a perusal of the papers before the house , that the blame of our failures in Spain must rest with his Majesty 's ministers . adverted to the grounds on which he had before objected to the production of Mr. Frere 's letters , they never having been officially transmitted by sir John Moore . That this was not done might easily be accounted for , by the multiplicity of business which pressed upon that gallant officer . He admitted that the letters were in the possession of a member of his majesty 's government ; but still the objection remained , that they were not strictly official . He had also objected that they had no operation upon the march of the army in Spain . He understood , however , that persons nearly connected with sir John Moore , were extremely anxious for their production , and he would not now oppose their being laid before the house . With respect to the letters of Mr. Stuart , they were not in the possession of his majesty 's government . To the production of one of the dispatches from Mr. Secretary Canning , alluded to in a dispatch from lord Castlereagh of the 13th December , he objected , as it referred prospectively to future circumstances , and could not , without detriment to the public service , be produced . With respect to the dispatch from sir John Moore , dated the 13th January , it required consideration , whether it was expedient to produce it . To the other motions he had no objection , with the exception of the two , which had before been refused , and to which he must still object , as the publication of them would be detrimental to the public service . The letter from general Brodrick he had no objection to produce , and upon this point , with respect to the cavalry , he would take occasion to say , that it would be found when the question came to be discussed , that there was no objection made against the conduct of Ministers less founded or more futile , than that of the deficiency of cavalry . proposed a motion for some further papers respecting communications between Mr. Frere and the President of Spain . thought it necessary to take notice of an observation made by the noble Secretary of State , imputing blame to sir John Moore for not transmitting the letters of Mr. Frere . apologized for in- 801 terrupting the noble lord