moved the postponement of it till Tuesday next , as he wished to look previously into one of the clauses respecting the settlements on the marriage . He took this occasion to say , that the frequency of Divorce Bills in the present session had been to him a subject of much pain and indignation . That frequency was an evil of the first magnitude , affecting the character of the higher ranks of society , and contaminating the morals of every class in the united kingdom . It was an evil which called loudly and imperiously for the intervention of parliament . Perhaps , the best remedy would be to make adultery an indictable crime to be punished by fine and imprisonment . It might also be useful to enact the provision which he had formerly proposed , and which their lordships had adopted , to prohibit the intermarriage of the offending parties . It would further be desirable , as had been suggested to him by the noble and learned lord on the woolsack , to put some checks and regulations on judgments by default , in actions of damages for criminal conversation . He would not pledge himself to the task of bringing forward a bill ; but he would only repeat , that it had become a sacred duty incumbent on parliament , not to suffer the present session to elapse without taking some 2 effectual measure.— The committee on the Bill was then postponed till Tuesday . moved that the order for the Call of the House be read ; which being done , he moved that , the house be called over tomorrow . objected to the Call being kept hanging over the members by postponing it from day to day . had always understood that attention to the business of that house was the first duty of a member of parliament , and therefore thought , that on such an important occasion as the present , absence to attend the assizes , or any duty of an inferior nature , ought not to be excused . understood the intention of the noble lord to be merely to secure a large attendance on an important business , and in that view was of opinion that the proposition ought to be acceded to . However inconvenient it might be to many members , he agreed that the attendance on very important occasions in that house was a duty paramount to every other . But at the same time , he could not but say that the house was not to be threatened by any thing that passed out of doors into a particular line of conduct . He thought it unnecessary to advert more directly to the circumstances , which drew from him that observation , 3 If he were to do so , he must do something more than merely advert to them . But when a certain line of conduct was deliberately prescribed for the house with respect to a subject which they had in evidence before them , he thought his duty called upon him to advert to the circumstance , and to express his hope that , the house would support its dignity as the representatives of the people , by acting according to the dictates of their own understandings . That merely an attendance at the assizes would not be a sufficient excuse on such a subject as the present he allowed . A Call of the House without any thing depending upon it , would be very inconvenient , and could not be justified ; but understanding that the motion of the noble lord related to the present discussion , he concurred with him , and therefore he should have his support . heartily concurred in the proposition , that the judgment of that house ought not to be influenced by any external threats or considerations . He thought it ought to resist the influence and threats of power and authority , as well as threats of every other description . He never voted , except from the dictates of his own understanding and conscience , and by this