whom the present was made , to be a soldier of the most distinguished merit , nevertheless I can not refrain from expressing my disapprobation of the proceeding altogether . The establishment of the fund at Lloyd 's , although I was heedlessly in the outset of it a subscriber , is , I think , very objectionable . The crown ought to be the only source of honour to the army or navy ; from this house alone ought to flow all pecuniary reward or relief . We have had an example where the opinion of the presiding committee at Lloyd 's has clashed with the sentence of a court-martial . Sir Home Popham was presented with a sword at Lloyd 's for the very deed for which he was censured by the tribunal before which he was arraigned . Sir , these things ought not to be tolerated . And when officers in the army sit in judgment on the Duke of York , at the very moment that we are deliberating on the charges brought against him , it is high time this house should set its face against ail such proceedings . We may address his Majesty to dismiss the Duke of York from the office of Commander in Chief . A body of general officers will , at the same time it appears , address the Duke of York in terms of regard and approbation ; thus a contention will arise between the army and the house of commons ( hear ! hear ! hear ! ) . Is there a man in this house , who can be insensible to the con-sequences ? Again , if I am incorrect , I request to be set right by the Secretary at 702 War ; for , on a topic so momentous , I should be particularly sorry to have made an erroneous statement . He is silent ; then the story I have heard is well founded ( hear ! hear ! ) . The right hon . gent . ( Mr. Canning ) last night , in the abundant vigour of his imagination , thought proper to draw a comparison between an hon . gent , of this house , the member for Yorkshire , ( Mr. Wilberforce ) and Robespierre ; even to attribute to him a desire of dealing by the Duke of York with that refinement of cruelty which existed only in the caricatures given of the savage condemnations passed in the reign of that merciless tyrant . He says that the hon . member would pass sentence upon the Duke of York , because he is `` soupÇonnè d'être suspecté . '' No man in the world , I think , would have drawn the parallel , but the right hon . Secretary . No one but himself could so egregiously have misapprehended the arguments of the hon . member . The right hon . Secretary , in the course of a debate which took place a short time since on a very different subject , was pleased to suppose that I had read him a lecture upon taste , for the purpose of informing me and the house , that he had no very high opinion of my taste . I was not conscious of having presumed so much with so acknowledged a proficient ; but I think I may venture to say that the taste of the comparison I have named was exquisitely bad ; and that in the course of the same speech , which had its brilliant passages no doubt , he introduced an allusion which would have sullied the lustre of the finest oration that ever was delivered . I refer , Sir , to his intemperate and injudicious reference to the vulgar story relating to the manner in which the ancestor of the noble lord ( lord Folkestone ) , obtained the peerage , which is borne with so much dignity in the family of which he is the heir . I could not but rejoice in the striking contrast exhibited by my noble friend , in the calm , manly , and dignified