corruption , 51 From these transactions we learn , what was the real state of the intercourse between Mrs. C. and h. r. h. the D. of Y . It is argued , that the information was surprised and drawn from him in unguarded moments : is that conclusion borne out for him ? The learned gent , certainly overlooks the evidence of a witness , whom , I lament to say , I must include in the description so properly given by the learned gent. , of too many of those who have come before the house , and which has lowered the dignity of the house ; sir , gen. Clavering tells us , that he learned from Mrs. C. , what it would have been highly wrong in the official people to have communicated . Now , sir , to shew how familiar these subjects were , though the absence of the Commander in Chief was but for a few days , yet this forms a part of a letter , and we find it replied to as a matter of course . Sir , I verily believe that traffic went to a degree , little probably in the contemplation of the house . The learned gent . observes , with some triumph , that this was a mill which might have been perpetually at work , and from which such a supply might have been drawn , as would have prevented the difficulties we heard so much of . I must tell the hon . member , it resembles more of a windmill , it was not at all times and seasons it could work , it required the outward forms at least to be preserved . We are told that col. Gordon kept a watchful eye , that caution was needful , and official forms could not be dispensed with : but , sir , we have seen how easily they could be complied with . The letters of Mrs. C , for instance ; from the intercourse , had these been false , they must at once have demonstrated the fraud , yet no one but what is complete of the kind . Is the case of Dowler deserving of no notice ? and what must we say when we find no sentiment of disgust or repugnance by h. r. h. , when such a woman as Mrs. C. recommended Dr. O'Meara for church preferment . When we see h. r. h. prostituting his character in promoting such views through such a channel , sir , not all the acuteness and reasoning of the learned gent . can divert my mind from such flagrant proofs of corruption and undue influence . Sir , it is the conduct of the Commander in Chief that sets up his evidence , and justifies my belief of the corruption . The case of Carter , which has been so feelingly urged by the learned gent. , however it does credit to the heart , eannot be defined to consist with the duty 52 we owe the people of England . Are these times , sir , to screen delinquency ? I should indeed have thought the hon . mover of the question culpable , could he have withheld any instance of abuse of power . I am sorry for the individual and if his subsequent conduct has proved him worthy of the appointment , it would be illiberal to advert to him how he came there , but this is no excuse to those who placed him in that situation . That men are raised , and properly raised from low situations , and without injuring the honour of the army , but how , sir ? by their interest ? is that the case here ? It proves , sir , that the Commander in Chief is subject to those weaknesses that ought to incapacitate him from holding such a situation . Sir , in looking at the expenditure at Gloucester-place , I am very willing to agree with the hon . and learned gent. , that men in situations of h. r. h. , may not