be injurious to the country in general . The right hon . gent , had promised to do something for the people of Ireland , and therefore proposed giving them the 20,000l . which was no way likely to answer the ends proposed , as the seed was wanted by the month of May , and if any scarcity existed , it was the likeliest way to make it more felt . expressed pleasure at the hon . gentleman having made his objections , as they arose from his misunderstanding the object ; and he had thereby the opportunity of explaining it . The object of the bill was to render Ireland independent of America for seed , by inducing her to grow her own seed . The soil of Ireland , and the climate , he conceived so well calculated for its production , that he entertained the strongest hopes she would eventually be able not only to supply her own consumption , but also to supply England . Experiments had been tried , and not the smallest doubt existed of their being able to grow seed . The bounty was to extend to 15,000 bushels , which , according to the bill , was to be perfectly sound , or the parties furnishing it would subject themselves to existing penalties.—He hoped this explanation would be completely satisfactory to the hon . member . said , that notwithstanding the strong assertions of the right hon . gent , he did not believe Ireland capable of producing flax-seed , which was manifest in her not having already done so . The hon . gent , then generally condemned the acts of the present administration for the regulation of trade , particularly the Orders in Council ; and thought this one of those measures which served to throw commerce into a state of barbarism . The idea of its making Ireland independent of America he considered ridiculous , for if the American embargo was to be taken off , they would immediately be plentifully supplied , and would of course revert to their usual mode of traffic . He supposed , too , from what he had heard , that this was to be an annual burden upon the people ; in whatever way he viewed it , he condemned it ; as a temporary measure it was nugatory ; as a permanent measure it was bad . observed , that the hon . gentleman who had just sat down had carried his objections to the hill to too great a length . He had argued against its becoming a permanent measure , of which his right hon , friend had not given the least hint . Particular circumstances warranted a deviation from general rules ; it was narrow pedantry to adhere to given practices , without any modification or trifling deviation , He considered it wise to provide , even at a risk , against the detriment and inconvenience of trade , rather than endanger the security of the whole manufacture ; but this was to meet a case of actual necessity , a necessity which really existed ; and although it could not immediately be relieved , the bounty would have the effect , in the hands of the Linen Board of Ireland , of encouraging the growth of seed for the subsequent year , when parliament could determine upon the expediency of continuing it . He was not now recommending what he would in ordinary times , but , under existing circumstances , he trusted the house would see that this measure ought to be adopted . though he might incur the censure of his right hon . gent , in common with his hon . friend , of being a pedant in the science of political economy , would nevertheless oppose the doctrine of the right hon . gentleman , that the Navigation Act was a wise exception of the established maxims of that , science : he could quote the authority of Dr. Smith to shew that before that act had begun to operate , the navy of England was superior to the united navies of