of the Commander in Chief . The country would decide on his own conduct —that the country would decide on the conduct of this house . '' If the object of this observation was merely to remind us , that as public characters , we ought to keep in view the opinion ' of the public ; that it becomes us to take a proper estimate of its value , as all our hopes of public usefulness must be founded on the good opinion and confidence of the country , I perfectly agree with him ; and if his observation is to be carried no further , and implied no more , I have no objection to it ; but if it may be supposed to refer to any existing impression which may have been made out of this house in the public mind , to which the opinion of this house must conform , or that the country will , as the hon . gent , expresses himself , decide against the conduct of the house , I deprecate the doctrine as most unconstitutional and as most unjust . What , sir ! have we been sitting week after week upon a painful examination of this case , and are we at last to decide , not upon our own view of the evidence which we ourselves have heard , but upon the opinion which has been formed of it by others ? An opinion , too . now formed ? Formed , through the mos . indecent abuse of the liberty of the press-upon those garbled extracts of the evi- 151 dence which have been circulated during the enquiry , and commented upon with an industry as unprecedented as it was malicious . Are we to be threatened with the judgment of the country upon our conduct , if we do not bend our decision to such an opinion ? Against the doctrine that this house is to decide upon any opinion but its own , even when sitting in its legislative Capacity , —I beg leave to enter my strongest protest : but that this house can think , that in a case of a judicial nature , on which we are to decide upon the interests and honour of an individual , we ought so to be influenced by an opinion which we must know to have been so mischievously excited , I can not , and I will not believe . We must , sir , I admit , for the efficiency of our measures , and for the dignity of our character , keep in view the public opinion ; we should so conduct ourselves , that our conduct ought to be approved by our constituents and our country ; and we may confidently trust , that if we do our duty conscientiously , the enlightened understandings of the people will give us credit for having done it faithfully , however it may be at variance with their present impressions . If there are those , who forming a premature judgment have thought differently , they will retract their erroneous opinions , and they will do justice to their representatives , provided-their representatives do justice to themselves—provided they do not desert the station , and surrender the functions which they hold under the constitution of the country . If these are not the sentiments by which the House of Commons is to regulate itself , the House of Commons will not only lese its influence ; but if to flatter the people , or basely to court their favour , we surrender our correcter judgments to their misguided and inflamed impressions , we desert our duty , we abandon our trust ; our place , our functions in the constitution are gone . It were better there should be no house of commons at all ; it were better at once to accept as our constitution a wild unrepresented democracy , without the controul of the house of commons , or parliament , than to degrade ourselves by consenting to become the mere instruments of that democracy , to adopt its opinions , and