part relative to distillation from sugar , on which he wished to make certain regulations . Having candidly laid his sentiments before the house , he thought of proposing that the house should go into a committee to consider of the propriety of introducing a bill upon the subject , if the standing orders of the house would admit it . He concluded with moving : `` That this house do , to morrow , resolve itself into a committee of the whole house , to fake into consideration the laws respecting the duties on spirits consumed in Ireland , distilled from sugar . '' said , as it was probable he might be expected to deliver his sentiments upon the regularity of the proceeding , he should observe , that it was the rule of the house , when a question had been once decided , it should not , in the same session , be again introduced in any shape . But , if only a part of the subject was to be taken up , he conceived it might be consistently done , as the house would determine , when it was brought forward , whether it trenched upon their orders , and in what degree . objected to the principles upon which it had been introduced . It had been defended as a temporary measure , on which grounds he condemned it ; it could not possibly do any good , as the seed could hot be produced in time for the 770 purposes required . It had been said the measure should be pursued , even were a free intercourse immediately opened with America ; if it was intended as a general measure , as a general encouragement for growing seed in Ireland , this was not the proper mode ; they should not give a bounty to the grower , but should lay a duty on the importer . in reply , wished to say that he had never talked of it as a temporary measure , but as the first step , the groundwork of a general system to render Ireland independent of foreign countries . If the people of Ireland had caught the alarm from the present state of affairs , and were apprehensive for their usual supply of seed , this would operate as a stimulus , and induce them to co-operate , and thus their apprehension would be productive of good , and would avert the evil which they had apprehended . This measure was the beginning of a system which would lay the foundation for the general improvement of that country ; it would probably induce them to drain their lands , and he should have conceived himself reprehensible , had he been giddy enough so soon to have proposed a tax . gave his sanction to the bill with a view of giving Ireland a fair trial . He however hoped , when the measure was carried , that care would be taken how the sum granted was expended . He thought this caution the more necessary , as the Irish Linen Company bad received money under the appropriation act , for distinct purposes , which they had applied to other objects ; they had laid out part of the money in building , in violation of that act . This he intended to prove , by moving the papers , where it would be found , in the architect 's account , that money had been laid out , not by order of the Board , but by the order of two or three individuals . As to the measure before the committee , he thought it should be adopted for the reasous which he had stated last night , and also because Ireland could no longer expect seed from Sicily or Greece . That they were excluded from America , the people had to thank those who had introduced the Orders in Council , as it was owing to those Orders Ireland was now placed in the situation she is with America . said , the hon . gentleman had asserted that no flax-seed was to