that the proposition of his right hon . friend would have a manifest tendency to facilitate the continuance of the Duke of York in the office of Commander in Chief . I do , however , believe , from the best consideration I can give the subject , that the hon . gentleman was really serious in an assertion so whimsically paradoxical . Is it not monstrous to suppose that it can be declared , in the Resolution supported by the right honourable gentleman , that this house sees , 736 with deep regret , the improper influence of such a person as Mrs. Clarke has been suffered to exist ; that such influence has led to official misconduct ; and that such a Resolution which so degrades the Commander in Chief , will facilitate his continuance in office ? Sir , the record of such a Resolution upon your journals would in my mind for ever exclude him from that high station : nor can there , I am certain , be any one gentleman in this house , except those who have already given their opinions on that Resolution , who can imagine that the Duke could have continued a single hour in office after the passing of such a vote . With regard to that part of the Resolution which compliments his royal highness for his conduct in his official situation , the eulogium appears to me to be ill placed . I do not see the propriety of introducing in an Address , in which certain parts of the conduct of his royal highness are blamed , a compliment to other parts of his conduct which are not called in question . I am very far from intending to deprive the Duke of York of any part of the merit he can justly claim ; but I can not bring myself to admit that his conduct can with propriety be condemned and applauded in the same Resolution . With regard to the morality of the case , it is no longer time to read a lecture on morality . The Duke of York has resigned . Whether that resignation has proceeded from the innate consciousness of his own innocence confirmed by the division of the house : whether it has resulted from a deference to the opinion of a distinguished minority : whether he has yielded to that growing opinion on the subject of corruption , which was easily to be traced ; or whether having been acquitted of direct corruption or participation , he apprehended this house would come to a vote , by a considerable majority , upon the subject of the improper influence of Mrs. Clarke and her agents , and therefore thought it more prudent to resign , it is not material to inquire . The Duke of York has resigned ; that important object has been attained . The Chancellor of the Exchequer in the course of these proceedings has frequently attacked my hon . friends , for having deserted their original purpose . Sir , I think we may with much more justice retort upon the right hon . gentleman and his friends , the accusation of having , abandoned their purpose , and deserted the cause of the Duke of York . After having repeatedly declared his unqualified belief of the entire in- 737 nocenee of the Duke of York ; after having expatiated upon the services rendered by the Duke of York to the army , and the loss the country would sustain by his removal , I can not conceive upon what principle the right , hon . gent , could advise his majesty to accept of his royal highness 's resignation . Every gentleman on that side of the house has declared his firm opinion of the high importance of the services of the Duke of York , and the great loss which the country would sustain by his retirement from the head of the army : why , then , if the Duke was innocent in the eyes of the right hon . gentleman , did he desert him in the hour of his difficulty