for society ? To speak falsely is no new dishonour to her : unsworn as she was , we had no pledge whatsoever for her truth ; unless , indeed , one might figuratively describe her as laying her hand on that large volume of revenge and malignity , her heart , and swearing by its unhallowed contents . For my own part , when I consider the merits of this `` amiable woman , '' `` this benevolent creature , '' `` this incontrovertible witness , '' of the noble lord 's , I am of opinion that , but for her sex , she would be now expiating her misconduct and prevarication by the side of capt . Sandon , in Newgate . Sir , I speak strong language , and use no restrained expression , in speaking of this woman ; not merely because she has put herself out of the pale of the respect due to the delicacy of her sex , but because I conceive the applause with which she has been encouraged is poison to society , and warrants , nay requires , the administration of the strongest antidote . If the Duke of York is innocent , much as I must lament the libels , the calumnies , and the trials , to which he has been exposed , yet I do not so much lament them , I would not so earnestly have deprecated them , as I do the approbation conferred on Mrs. Clarke . The former is a temporary inconvenience or injury to the individual ; the latter saps the foundations of society . The stream of time will wash away the transient stains of false accusation ; truth , however clouded , will at last be cleared ; and reparation , late perhaps , but ample , awaits the innocent ; but to applaud depravity , is to abet it ; it is to encourage an evil , whose extent is indefinite , whose progress is uncontroulable . If we place profligacy in a triumphal car , the brains of thousands , that see the procession , will be dazzled and perverted by her success , and crowds of imitators will aspire to share the splendor of victorious vice . Much evil has already been done , and much more is to be expected and feared . The delusion has spread widely through the laud : I hope it has not extended itself far amongst us : I trust that there are many here , who will venture to stem the torrent of prejudice , though it should still increase in height and violence ; and who , even at the expence of their popularity , will dare to do their duty by the people , 450 After this general estimate of the value of the chief evidence gainst h. r. h. , it now becomes my duty to observe on the particular heads of charge ; and I hope the house will see that I do not do so unnecessarily . I have , I trust , some new , if not facts , at least views , to bring under its observation , which are , in my opinion , of the last importance ; and which I should hope would influence , in no slight degree , our decision . I shall not allude to the Case of Knight and Brooke , not only because it has been already so amply and satisfactorily discussed , but because it is confessed , by the hon . gent . who spoke last , to be fairly explained . With such an admission from a person of the hon . gent . 's sentiments , it would be an idle waste of the public time and patience to dwell upon it . Nor shall I , for similar reasons , go into the charge of capt . Maling , which has been so fully refuted ; nor the subsequent case attempted to be super-induced upon it . The failure was so complete , that all that is necessary to say upon this subject , is to desire the house