once at the Stock-exchange , he could find no such man as Taylor ; but at last he discovered whom he sought under the name of Thomas Chance . Smith was brought here to destroy the testimony of Miss Taylor . I have a right to sift the consistency of his own , and I shall not be restrained by any morbid sensibility from so doing . Smith says , ' I found out then , ' that is at the time he sought for him at the Stock-exchange , 'that his name was Chance . ' 'At what time did you find out that the name of this person was Chance ? I can not exactly say the time ; but it was when I wanted him to do business for me 210 at the Stock-exchange . By what name did the person of whom you are speaking go , when you were first acquainted with him ? He went by the name of Thomas Taylor About how long may it be , that you apprehended the true name of this party to be Chance ? My memory will not furnish me with that ; but it is several years ago . ' Mark the extraordinary circumstances , to apply no other epithet , of Mr. Smith 's first introduction to Mr . Chance . Mr. Smith , after an acquaintance of several years with a man , whom he only knew , and had never heard of , but by the name of Taylor , at last finds out , that his friend had been for years deceiving him by the assumption of a false name . His name was not Taylor , but Chance . I think the feelings of most men would have been disconcerted by such a discovery ; and if Mr . Chance had , for so many years , concealed his real , under the fictitious name of Taylor , Mr. Smith might naturally have concluded , there was some strong motive for such deception . It is a circumstance very likely to destroy all confidence . Most extraordinary however it is , Smith 's confidence was not thereby diminished one jot . He immediately employed his old friend under his new name , without any enquiry , to transact his business as a stock-broker , and must , therefore , necessarily have entrusted him with his property . This Mr . Chance , who , we are told , had failed , having subsequently acquired landed property , he , Dederick Smith , paid for and accepted a conveyance of that land from his old friend Thomas Taylor , under the name of Thomas Chance . I do not , sir , mean to say , that all this is impossible , but the degree of Mr. Smith 's confidence is to me incomprehensible . I have dwelt upon this part of Mr. Smith 's evidence so long , because it is material the house should properly appreciate the character of a witness , by whom the destruction of another witness is attempted : that the house should properly appreciate the talents of the right hon . gent . who has worked with such tools for the defence of the Duke of York . I shall now proceed to investigate the nature of the proof we have from the mouth of Smith , that Miss Taylor knew personally that her father went by the name of Chance ; and that she had heard him called by that name in her presence . Mr. Smith tells us , that Mr. Taylor lived in Normanton-street and at Bayswater , 211 and he adds , during the whole of that time , I never knew him by any other name than that of Taylor , nor my family , never any of them knew him , by any other name . To the best of my knowledge he was universally known by the name of Taylor in that neighbourhood , and by no other name . ' He recollects that Mrs. Taylor , ( the mother ) and Miss Mary Ann Taylor , called one