a few days , for nothing could , in his opinion , make it palatable . Even although the brewers of Dublin did not think the additional tax objectionable , their concurrence in it would not tend to do away his objections to it . He knew that there were also some brewers in Dublin who would not agree to it ; and what he had to lament was , that questions of taxation were brought forward with so little notice , that members of great towns had no opportunity of consulting with the trade . This malt tax was evidently so oppressive , that it would enable the illicit trader to drive the legal one entirely out of business . He considered the encouragement of the brewers as what ought to be the first object of every statesman . said , his intention was to vote for the ulterior postponement ; not because he disapproved of the bill , as to the regulation of distillation , but because he disapproved of that part of it which went to impose a duty of 50 per cent . upon malt . He was far from asserting that such a duty would injure the brewer ; but he was afraid it would have that effect ; and he considered the breweries of Ireland to be of such vital importance to that country , that he should be afraid to hazard the experiment , on account of its apparent danger . He had not received any sort of communication from those of the trade in Dublin ; but he would acknowledge , had they communicated to him their acquiescence in it , he should have voted for that tax . It was surely perfectly right to keep that proportion between the tax on spirits , and on the brewing trade , as to give the 765 latter the superiority . So far he agreed with the bill ; but as to increasing the Malt Tax he could not consent to it . approved of the amendment , as he thought the tax on malt would certainly prove injurious to the brewers . thought it surprising that any gentlemen should be inclined to vote with the right hon . baronet , after what had fallen from the Speaker , it being perfectly competent to any one afterwards to move in the committee for expunging every thing that related to the duty upon malt , and leave the bill merely to equalize the duties upon spirits . Those who objected to the measure at present , would more speedily attain their object by letting the bill go into a committee , as there would be no difficulty in removing the objectionable clauses , which seemed to be those relating to the duties upon malt . It was certainly necessary to equalize the duties upon spirits made from sugar with that made from grain , the duty upon sugar , as it existed at present , being most unsatisfactory to Ireland . spoke to a point of order . He thought this bill was not like the ordinary sort of bills introduced upon any given subject , but it was a bill introduced upon the Resolutions of a Committee of Ways and Means . If , therefore , this bill were rejected , he put it to the house , whether it would be practicable to bring in another bill upon the resolutions of a Committee of Ways and Means , without having again the Resolutions of another committee of a similar nature ? moved the second reading of this bill . objected to it . He said it proposed to give 20,000l . to the Linen Company of Ireland , for the purpose of encouraging the growth of flax-seed , which he considered a useless grant . The climate of Ireland , though good for the cul- 766 tivation of flax , was not calculated for the cultivation of seed , which was sufficiently proved by its always having been imported . He considered the interference of government , by introducing acts of parliament for the regulation of trade , and granting bounties , to