, because she was intimate with Mrs. C. reminds me of the admonitory injunction of the Mock-Inquisitor in Cil Blas , to the witness whom he examined respecting the mode of life of the Merchant of Xelva.—'Recollect , ' says he , you are not to say one word in favour of Samuel Simon ; you are only to tell all you know against him . But , in this case , it was reversed ; every thing was to be said in favour of , but nothing against the Duke of York . So long as there was the smallest chance , the remotest hope of over turning the charges , or her own evidence , by the cross-examination of Miss Taylor , the gentlemen on the other side persevered , and if any thing could have been extracted contradictory to the evidence of Mrs. C. , depend upon it , we should have heard nothing of the defect of credit in Miss Taylor , by reason of her intimacy with Mrs. C. That very intimacy would have been urged to give force to her evidence . But every tortuous effort of legal ingenuity having been exhausted to take off the force of the evidence which she did give , the resource of Dederick Smith having been in vain attempted , they are reduced to this miserable , paltry subterfuge ; and turning short round , they tell us , 'Miss Taylor is 216 a witness totally unworthy of credit , because she was acquainted with Mrs. C. ' just as if that was a discovery of the present moment ; just as if , had her evidence been favourable , Miss Taylor would not have been held up by them as a very paragon of veracity ! Sir , I really blush for those who have so inexorably persecuted this young woman ; who have resorted to such shifts to get rid of these damning , facts ; and who , if you would allow them the benefit of their own inferences , as I will now prove to them , to the house , and to the world , would destroy the man whom they undertake to defend . They do not see where they are going . Where is the effect of the imputation of infamy on every one , who has had an acquaintance with Mrs. C. to terminate ? Miss Taylor is accused , nay convicted , on her own confession , of the inexpiable crime of having been acquainted with , protected , assisted , relieved , and harboured by Mrs. C.—Gracious God ! What , sir , is no person credible who has ever kept company with Mrs. C. ? Is Dr. O'Meara , a clergyman recommended by the archbishop of Tuam , one of the dignitaries of the church of the united empire , not credible because he was known to Mrs. C. ? —The worthy , grateful , but unfortunate Samuel Carter , is he an outcast from courts of justice , because he was protected by Mrs. C. ? —Captain Sutton : is a perpetual stain to be fixed on his memory ; is his veracity to be eternally impeached , because he was known to Mrs. C. , and by her preserved from the extremity of want ? —The baroness Nolleken , it is indisputably proved , under her own hand , not only kept company with , but was an intimate acquaintance of Mrs. C. , Is she , therefore , not to be believed ? —Sir , I would ask , Did not the D. of Y. keep company with Mrs. C. ? Was he not her intimate acquaintance ? Was not that royal personage actually harboured under her roof ? Do we not trace him into her arms ? Will they then consign him with the rest to eternal infamy and discredit ? —Equal justice must be done , and his is the most aggravated case of all ! ! ! Sir , the right hon . gent. , in his zeal for the defence of the accused , has strangely overshot his mark .