of British feeling , he defied the hon . gent . to find a parallel for his own speech ; a speech that appeared to him calculated only to advocate the cause of the enemy ( Order ! order ! ) He did not mean to represent him as the intentional advocate of the enemy , but he would assert , that , whether intentionally or not , the hon . gent . had taken that course by his elaborate research for examples which might keep the French Government in countenance ; whoever produces gratuitously , in the discussion of one crime , examples and instances of greater ones , extenuates undoubtedly the atrocity of that one by a comparison with others . But admitting , what he only did for argu- —It may be in the recollection of some of the Members who are here that I put several questions to Mr. Donovan ; there was one particular question which I believe is more to the point than any other , Whether he had not heard Mr. Tahourdin mention the name of the Director who had given such patronage ? Mr. George Smith made a motion for calling Mr. Tahourdin to the Bar of the House , and I seconded that motion that he might be called . On the Friday I went to the India House , not being a Director at present , being out by rotation , to inquire of the Chairs what further they would wish me to do in this business ; there was a Secret Court , and I sent in a note to Mr. Parry the Chairman , stating that I was there waiting his commands ; he sent the Secretary out to me , told me that Mr. George Smith and the Deputy Chair were gone up to the Treasury to fix a Committee , and that he hoped I would attend in my seat in the House ; I came up here , and the House was at prayers . I saw Mr. Smith and the Deputy , and Mr. Smith told me that the Deputy was to come to second his motion ; I was very happy to hear it , as it was in much better hands than it could be with me . Mr. Grant took notice in his speech to the House , of a transaction that was now going on at the India House under investigation ; it happens that I was the person who made the discovery of this abuse of patronage , and I immediately went to the Director in whose name it was , and informed him , as well as the other gentlemen of the Court . On Saturday , as I had been at my counting house , I was returning , and coming through Lombard-street , when I was accosted by Mr. Emperor John Alexander Woodford , who is my first cousin , and trustee under my father 's will to all his property ; I was surprised at Mr. Woodford 's speaking to me , as ever since my brother 's death he and I have been on terms of the greatest hostility , on account of his treatment , as I conceived , of my brother 's family ; he said that he was an undone man , or something to that effect ; and I told him that certainly he must know that he was , in my opinion , for we could never speak more ; he then told me he was going to Mr. George Hibbert , who is my brother-in-law , to communicate something to him concerning me ; he said , I must see you , do you dine at home ? I told him I did not know , that I did not want to see him ; he said , `` I know you do dine at home , for `` I have called at your house , and I must `` see you to-night at eight o'clock , we must `` not be seen together now . '' I was surprised ; and he then said , You remember