to observe the anxiety with which causes of accusation must have been sought after ; and the very slight , and often false , grounds , on which the gravest imputations have been made . With regard , also , to the circumstances relating to Kennett and Elderton , I do not think it necessary to trouble the house . They do not at all relate to the present inquiry ; they have no connexion with the Duke as Commander in Chief ; they rest on the mere allegation of an exercise of his influence in his private character , and they certainly , if this was a time or place for the discussion , are as clearly justifiable , as any interference of any other Peer or Commoner in favour of his private connexions . Neither , sir , is this the time for alluding to the so-much-talked-of Case of Dr. O'Meara . The D. of Y . 's share in the Doctor 's acquaintance , and the extent of his wishes in the Doctor 's favour , have been exceedingly misunderstood , or most grossly misrepresented . There are , on the table of the house , letters of O'Meara and others , that account , in the most satisfactory manner , for the D. of Y . 's knowing any thing of this man ; but as those letters are not printed , and as the Doctor 's having visited the Duke , and preached before the King , have no visible relation to the matter of this debate ; I shall abstain from that ex- 451 planation of it , which I pledge myself would clear the Duke of York of all shadow of blame on this subject . From the same motives which induce me to decline entering into the defence , I think it would have been candid in other gentlemen to have omitted the charge . I trust , however , that those who follow me will feel the justice of throwing this matter wholly out of present consideration . But , sir , with regard to Samuel Carter , I think it necessary to say something . Though gentlemen on all sides have admitted it to be , as it stands , a case of merit rather than of offence ; yet , as it seems universally argued upon , as if Mrs. Clarke 's representation of Carter 's having been a footboy were true ; as some praise has been given to this woman for her part in this affair ; as I think I can show the first to be false , and the other totally undeserved ; as I think this case to be one of the most subversive of Mrs. Clarke 's claim to credit ; and as I deeply feel it to be one of the greatest cruelty to two injured individuals ; I can not refrain from making some more detailed observations on it . I own , sir , that I do entirely differ from those who approve of Mrs. Clarke 's conduct with regard to Carter . If there is one case that more strongly than another impresses on my mind a conviction of her worthlessness , it is this ; it combines every trait that ought to induce us to abhor her disposition , and to discredit her testimony . In it she again attempted the masquerade of reluctance : she would be thought the friend and protectress of Carter ; and she had charged the hon . gent . opposite ( col. Wardle ) with a breach of faith in having introduced his name . If the hon . gent . has broken a promise even to Mrs. Clarke , and he has done so for the purpose of fixing public ignominy on a deserving young officer , undoubtedly his conduct is deeply culpable ; but Mrs. Clarke , whom I will not credit against the Duke of York , I will not credit against the hon . gent . ; and I think his defence against this foul charge stands precisely on the same foundation that h. r. h. 's does