his service under the name of Farquhar , upon a character given of her by Mrs. C , to whom he applied , enquiring after her by that name ; that upon his application , she answered for her ; and , by the character she gave of her , Mrs. Favery obtained the situation in this gentleman 's family , —not under the name of Favery . I say , but of Farquhar : and further , that while she was there , Mrs. C. came to see her , and visited her under circumstances of great apparent familiarity . Yet Mrs. C. told us , that she never knew Mrs. Favery by any other name than Favery , and that she must have assumed the name of Farquhar unknown to her . Now , sir , let me ask whether there is any thing that can shew a greater disregard to truth , both on the part of Mrs. Favery and Mrs. C , than 145 this evidence ? However painful it may be supposed to have been to the feelings and vanity of Mrs. C , to admit the fact of her relationship to Mrs. Favery , yet no one , who was not as depraved in disposition , and as destitute of every principle of truth , as she is , would so deliberately have sacrificed her veracity to her vanity . This is a strong feature in the case . It shews what sort of people we have to deal with : it shews Mrs. C. will not only speak falsely herself , but bring witnesses knowingly and voluntarily to do the same ; that they are not independent witnesses speaking to independent falsehoods ; but that they both come forward prepared to relate the same story , the falsehood of which has been so fortunately and so satisfactorily detected : and yet , sir , after this detection , we are deliberating whether , resting upon Mrs. C. 's evidence , we shall convict h. r. h. of the charge with which she accuses him ! I will not trespass on the time of the house , by recalling its attention to those presumptions which my learned friend has referred to , arising in favour of h. r. h. , from the character of the persons whom he has selected to surround him in the discharge of his high official duties . If h. r. h. had been laying these plans of iniquity and corruption , which have been so falsely imputed to him , would he have surrounded himself with such honourable persons to overlook and scrutinize his conduct ? Would he have made choice , as his advisers , of persons of such high and uncorruptible integrity ; officers of high rank and distinguished merit , than whom the whole army could not have presented characters more alien from any thing that bears the least resemblance to corruption ? I need only mention the name of gen. Calvert ; every one who knows him , can bear testimony to the estimation in which he is held , not only by the army , but by all who have any means of knowing him : col. Gordon has spoken his own testimony , and in giving evidence in this case , has established his own character.—With respect to others who have been employed about h. r. h. , similar observations might be justly made ; and as far as any general presumptions and general impressions may have arisen in the house from any other circumstances , injurious to . the D. of Y. , I trust , they may be well and effectually met by these considerations to which I have last referred : considerations which would of themselves be sufficient to re- 146 move any impressions which-could be made by such testimony as that , which I have at so . much length , and I flatter myself , so satisfactorily , commented upon and exposed . I have now , sir , gone through this case with the various observations which I have deemed necessary ; and I think , I