. Let me not be misunderstood . I do not believe that the D. of Y. was guilty of so base and foul a crime , as that he pocketed or coarsely partook of the wages of iniquity ; but I can not disbelieve his privity to the existence of corruption . Is it possible the D. of Y. could have defied her if he had not been conscious of his innocence ? So should I have said heretofore . Extraordinary instances of blindness have since been developed . In 1808 Mrs. C. wrote to the friend of the D. of Y. soliciting the payment of her annuity , and in default declaring that she must publish . Who , that had committed even the follies proved , would not have thought an oblivion of them cheaply purchased by the payment of a stipulated annuity of 400l . a year ? Yet the D. of Y. defied this publicity . A volume of nonsensical letters might have been put forth to the world , which he and his friends would afterwards have given the world to have retrieved . Yet this serious risk was incurred . Might not others more serious have been ventured ? Sir , as considerable stress had been laid upon , the profuse expence in Gloucester 192 place , and the inadequacy of the means , afforded by the D. of Y. , for its supply , the right hon . gent , was provided with a statement , from authority , of the sums of money paid and the valuables furnished , by h. r. h. I do not question the accuracy of the statement made by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , but I must remark upon it , that the only effect it can have is , to confirm the testimony of Mrs. C. : for it corresponds with her account , almost to a fraction . It by no means accounts for the mode in which the expence of that establishment was defrayed , even so as to have kept it on from day to day . The learned judge , in order to account for the insensibility displayed by the D. of Y. to the inadequacy of the supply afforded by him , when compared with the extravagant outgoing , favoured the house with au anecdote , neither curious , nor valuable . He informed us , that more than forty years ago , he was told by one of the preceptors of the young princes , that though they were quick at learning ; though it was easy to teach them Latin , or Greek , or arithmetic , he could not teach them the value of money . The learned judge , I suppose , argues that such incorrigible ignorance has grown up with them , and therefore this Duke of York stands excused . That princes understand such subjects less than other men is too true , we have had much experience of the fact . Restricted , as royalty unhappily is , from all equal intercourse , and associations with mankind , it is not possible princes should have notions so correct upon some matters as those who are born to inferior , but not less enviable stations . But , sir , when we recollect that at the period alluded to by the learned and honourable member , one of these princes was only seven , and the other only five years of age , we shall not be so much surprized at their want of comprehension in a matter wherein all knowledge must be derived from experience ; as we should have been , had we been told , that the royal children had imbibed any thing like a correct or definite idea upon it . It would indeed have been a prodigy of acquirement . I have listened , in common life , to a child of about the same age , inquiring what could be the use of money , of which he had heard so much ? For his part , he could not tell why people wanted it . He had