highness was to be preferred , whose letters contradicted that assertion , and established the declaration of Mrs. Clarke upon an unshaken basis . The letters relative to O'Meara and gen. Clavering , were proofs of Airs . Clarke 's interference , which it was inconsistent with human nature , for his royal 548 highness not to have attributed to some interested or improper motive ; and if his royal highness had not put a stop to this practice , it must have been because he made up his mind to submit to and connive at it . But , after all , he did not consider the evidence of Mrs. Clarke so material to the case as many gentlemen seemed to think . If there were no other evidence before the house than the letters of his royal highness , of which he had just been speaking , he would feel himself bound in conscience , and by every claim of justice and of duty , to pronounce him guilty of connivance at the corrupt practices with which he was charged . If in that case there was not strict legal and direct proof , it was because in such cases , such proof was not attainable , and that principle of evidence which directed that they should be satisfied with the best proof which the case admitted , was a complete answer to all the objections and complaints against the nature of the proofs before them . In his opinion , it was not necessary that the charge of corruption should be immediately connected with the Duke of York , by a chain of irresistible evidence . If there appeared to them rational grounds of suspicion ; suspicion of corruption or connivance , though it did not go to the entire extent set forth in the discussion , he ought to be dismissed . That there were rational grounds for such a suspicion he was certain ; there were so many circumstances , all running into each other , that he thought it impossible to resist the belief . It had been staled in contradiction to that opinion , that the conduct of his royal highness towards Mrs. Clarke , released him from the imputation of criminality . It had been asked would he have treated her in the manner he had done , would he have separated from her in anger , if what she said were true , if he were really in her power , and had committed himself by a connivance at such practices as she brought before the house and the public ? What the generality of mankind would have done in such a case , whether they would have submitted to the dictates of fear , or pursued a course of bold and obstinate defiance , he would not pretend to determine ; but he had the authority of a great name , and a profound inquirer into human nature , to countenance another supposition , and mark out another conduct applicable to the present case ; it was the authority of Shakespeare , who , in his play of Measure for Measure , makes Angele 549 thus address Isabel— Who will believe thee , Isabel ? My unsoiled name , th ' austereness of my life My vouch against you , and my place l ' the state , Will so your accusation overweigh , That you shall stifle in your own report . And smell of calumny . Infamy , it was said , would attach somewhere ; he might well say that it did not attach to the hon . member who brought forward the business ; it should pass to some other quarter . The case of Kennett he considered most important ; it appeared that he was recommended by the Duke to the consideration of Mr. Greenwood.—Here the noble lord read some extracts from the Evidence , in support of this assertion , and also another which he made upon the same case , namely , that the intention of procuring a place for Kennett did not go off upon the ground of his character , but