time that she believed he was prepared to deny them ; Well , Mr. Donovan was called , and he actually did deny ail knowledge of any such transactions ; a circumstance destroying all idea of collusion ; and continued to deny , till at last , with great difficulty , the truth was extracted from him , confirming her deposition . So in many instances , which must occur to every one who has attended this examination , Mrs. C , in most material points , not only spoke distinctly and fully , but furnished the clue to her own detection , if she had been a false 377 witness . Justice was to be done on all sides ; and the house ought not to be deterred by the situation in which she stood from doing her that justice to which she was fairly entitled : ( hear ! hear ! ) . In truth , there was more evidence in this case than would be sufficient to hang any man charged with any crime . But it was singular that the legal gentlemen argued that there was no evidence , and that the character of Mrs. C. destroyed her credit : but on trials of blood , which go to the extirpation of whole families , the crown lawyers entertain very different notions on this respect . In cases of high treason they can maintain the evidence of spies and fellows whose oath no man would take even for a groat , as unexceptionable witnesses , when supported by other circumstances ; and even with such witnesses they elude the law , and maintain and rule that it is not necessary to have two of them to prove one fact . But here they can see no evidence , he was not surprised at their feeling some asperity with respect to Mrs. C. , who seemed to have deprived them of all their abilities . She stood at the bar like a potent witch ; and no sooner did the sable band encounter her , than their faculties seemed to be withered , as it were , by the wand of an enchantress ; she routed the whole troop , horse and foot and chariots , they and all their Memphian chivalry . ' But finding themselves thus routed , they endeavoured to turn their defeat into au argument in favour of their cause . If they , with their united ability , were unable to withstand the power of this formidable enchantress , how was it to be expected that the D. of Y. should have been able to defend himself against her magic spells ? The legal gentlemen were all in amazement at the power of Mrs. C. in baffling their skill , and she was at the same time decried as the worst of human beings , and as a prodigy of wit , genius , and understanding : she had always an answer ready , and such an one as they least of all wished to hear . Recourse was had to miracle to account for all this , without considering that it was easily and naturally explained , though it had escaped the cunning of the lawyers , by supposing that she spoke the truth , the simplest and easiest of all explanations ; but then that would not have suited the defence , of course it never occurred to the gentlemen of the robe . Mr. Attorney General verily believed he had got a witch at the bar ; but still returned to the attack , 378 and still retired baffled , vexed , and defeated . He knew not what to make of it ; he never met with such a witness before ; and yet all the art she used , and which so foiled the learned gent. , was speaking truth : her only weapon was truth , most simple , although the most powerful . It always puzzles a lawyer ; he never knows what to make of it : it is like the red rag to the viper , it extracts the venom from a lawyer