, my Address ! '' It was like the Spanish Doctor 's universal remedy : He is consumptive—bleed him ! He is plethoric— bleed him ! He is palsied , rheumatic , or aguish , —Still bleed him ! bleed him ! Sir , I repeat it , if I were forced , by the decision of the house , to do violence to 478 my own sentiments , I would rather boldly err with the accuser , than involve myself in the timid and intricate fallacies of the hon . gent . on the floor . And if any remain who still are resolved to abide by this strange course , I would ask them , what they , in their own consciences , would think of a judge , who , while the jury were deliberating on their verdict , should be making up his mind on the sentence ; resolved to pronounce it equally , whether the verdict should be murder , or manslaughter , or not guilty . One other consideration remains . An Appeal has been made to the Country ; and the hon . bart . opposite had dwelt on this topic with great violence , but , I think , with less consistency than if he bad supported the proceeding by Resolution . Sir , I can have no objection to this Appeal . I trust that I am above the necessity of disclaiming all partial motives . I will go , sir , to my Country as boldly as the hon . baronet ; and though not drawn in triumph by such numbers , I trust I shall receive as pure and entire a confidence from constituents as jealous of their rights . The hon . bart . has proposed , that no official person should vote on this subject . ( Hear ! hear ! from Mr. Herbert of Kerry ) . Why , sir , it seems the hon . gent , is of the same opinion ! ( Mr. Herbert expressed his assent ) . I own , sir , I do envy the hon . gent , his simplicity of heart . I was just going to observe , that the hon . bart . had only thrown this out as a topic of argument ad captum vulgi , and not as a serious proposition ; but , I find , that he has to answer for having abused the honest credulity of the hon . gent. , who , it seems , seriously and solemnly , and in deep earnest , is gravely of opinion , that every man who holds an office , or , I suppose , ever expects to hold one , should take his hat and walk away from the decision of this question . I will , however , venture to assure the hon . gent. , that this proposition of the hon . bart . 's was purely ironical ; and to advise him to be in future a little more suspicious of that grave waggery , which is mischievously calculated for leading pure and confiding simplicity into ridiculous mistakes . There is , sir , I suppose , no man in this country , except the hon . gent. , who does seriously think , that , on a public question , public men ought not to vote ; that those whose talents have raised them into office , and those who look , with a laudable ambition , to similar stations ; that all who are , or ever hope to be , servants of their 479 country , should , at this time , on this occasion , abandon their duty , and skulk from the expression of the sentiments which the nation anxiously expects from them ! I do not much regard , sir , the imputation of improper motives attempted to be thrown on public men . The gentlemen on both sides of this house do , I trust , equally despise such insinuations ; and the Country , I hope , will feel , that , if the ambition of official distinction ; if the