been so active in his inquiry upon this subject since the publication of Hogan 's pamphlet , would have omitted in his opening to mention her name amongst his list of witnesses : Secondly , her never remembering Mrs. Favery to have gone by the name of Farquhar , although she had known her ten years , within which time that woman was proved to have borne that name : Thirdly , her saying that she did not know her father once bore the name of Chance , though he was , as a stock-broker , frequently called by that name ; and also her hesitation to answer as to her father 's residence . With respect to her testimony to the conversation between the D. of Y. and Mrs. C. , so far from concurring with gentlemen on the other side as to its probability , he thought quite the contrary—for if the D. of Y. could be capable of so loosely talking upon such a business in the presence of a third person , the natural presumption was , that h. r. h. would have gone further , that he would have been more explicit : that he would have asked Mrs. C. what money she had received from French ; what addition had been made to the common stock , and what prospect was to be entertained of further emolument . The learned gent , concluded with an appeal to the candour , justice , and constitutional sentiment of the house , not to vote 420 for any Address to his majesty which would pronounce ah irreversible sentence , which would doom to everlasting infamy an individual to whom the opportunity of a fair trial had not yet been afforded . moved for leave to bring in the Marine Mutiny Bill . Mr. Calcraft wished to know from the hon . gent . if it was meant to bring in a Bill , connected with the Compassionate List , for the Relief to the Widows of Naval Officers . Mr. Ward replied , that as far as the Office was concerned every thing was ready for that purpose . Leave was then given , and Mr. Ward brought in the Bill . On the motion for its being read a first time , said , he was glad to have the opportunity which the introduction of this Bill gave him , to say a few words on that valuable corps , and strange to say , although it now amounted to more than a fourth of the Infantry of the Line , namely 32,000 men , yet its situation and its importance were scarcely known to the house.—He would , first , ask whether it was intended to continue the stoppage of one day 's pay for Chelsea hospital ? He next wished to make a few observations on the Royal Marine Artillery , which he believed to be in a very neglected state . It had been thought necessary to establish a Corps of this nature in 1804 , and most important it might be if properly attended to . He conceived it ought to be augmented , and that every squadron of his Majesty 's ships on foreign stations , should be furnished with a company of these Artillerymen and Officers . The advantages of such a measure , as with regard to our islands and colonial service , must be obvious to every thinking man , whether considered for offensive or defensive operations.—He regretted to learn that this Corps was not sufficiently instructed in the use of the Field Artillery , and he strongly recommended that a certain number of young men should be admitted to take their education at Woolwich Academy.—He next adverted to the slow progress of promotion in the Marine Corps . He stated , there were Officers now serving as Captains , who had entered the service in the American War : he conceived an in- 421 crease of Field Officers necessary as an encouragement to that meritorious class of officers.—It might be entering too much into detail in that house to observe , that at each Division of the