might be expected to be pretty much awake , we surely have no right to presume that he must have been so vigilant and clear-sighted with respect to her transactions with Donovan and Sandon . An observation of a contrary tendency had just occurred to him , which though not very important , nor occurring in its proper place , he did not care to omit.—Tn the endeavours to discredit Mrs. Clarke 's testimony through the medium of instances in which she had evidently not spoken the truth , sufficient stress bad not been laid upon the circumstance of her evidence not being upon oath : nor , except by his learned friend , ( Sir Samuel Hostility ) had the effect of that circumstance being properly argued . It was not sufficient to say that if the parts of her evidence in which she departed from truth , ( as where she denied having seen Dowler , & c. ) were given not upon oath , so likewise were all the other ; that the proportion of the credit due to her in the different parts of her testimony was in consequence the same , so that she , who in an evidence , not delivered on oath , spoke what was false in one part , was as little to be credited in another , as she , who forswore in one part , was to be believed oh her oath in another . This proportion did not hold good . It was obvious that it did not , by the common practice of life , without entering into the argument upon the subject . There were a thousand licensed deviations 518 from truth by persons not speaking on oath , which did not in the smallest degree impeach the veracity of these persons , when speaking , though still not upon oath , on any grave or important occasion . The principle plainly was , that men when speaking not upon an oath , thought themselves authorized to exercise a discretion , founded on a consideration of the subject and of the circumstances , or of the degree in which a strict conformity to truth was exacted from them . A deviation in one part therefore implied no failure of that sense of duty , which should ensure veracity in another . 'On oath ' on the contrary was understood , and meant , to have the effect of excluding all discretion . In evidence upon oath all deviations from truth were alike ; omnia peccata erant paria . The common expression 'enough to swear by , ' might be traced to that root—the consequence was , that he who swore false in any part of a testimony might justly be suspected of swearing false in every other . He who offended against the law in any part was guilty of the breach of the whole law . Mrs. Clarke 's credit therefore in his opinion was not to be impeached , at least not materially so , in consequence of the deviations alluded to , as it would have been had she been speaking on oath—the grounds of his distrust ( it was not necessary for him to say disbelief , ) of his refusal to consider her evidence as conclusive , was , that she was not entitled to be believed on her own mere assertion , in circumstances where she had the strongest temptations to falsehood , and where she knew , that , say what she would , she was secure from all possibility of detection . It did not occur to him , though many smaller points had , he was aware , been omitted , that there was any thing important with which it was necessary for him further to trouble the house , on this great division of the cause , viz . what was the opinion , which the house ought to form , of the guilt or innocence of the Duke of York in respect to participation or connivance . When he gave a decided negative to each of these charges , it still remained to be considered