of the Duke of York , be not suffered to operate the other way . My hon . friend has spoken of the times in which we live ; my hon . friend is in the habit of viewing these times with a philosophical eye , of comparing the present with the past . Let him tell me whether upon comparison with any times of which he has ever read , he will say that the peculiar bent of the disposition of the present times is to exalt the high at the expence of the low ? will he tell me that the current of public prejudice does not run precisely the other way ? I think my hon . friend will agree with me , that if there are any who allow weight 599 to the consideration of the rank of ins royal highness as exempting him from punishment , there are many , many more , whose feelings are the more acrimonious against him on that account , and who consider him as , on that account , the more desirable victim . I must entreat the house therefore to look not to one side of this question only : that is all that I desire . All that it is right to ask on behalf of the Duke of York is that he should have no favour , but no prejudice ; that he shall be considered on a par with the meanest subject of his father ; that he shall not be excluded by his rank from all those protecting presumptions which the ordinary course of law affords to every person under accusation . What then is the situation of his royal highness ? Charges have been preferred against him : —No , not Charges I am told , because not reduced into writing . To whom that is attributed as a fault , if to any one , I do not know : Charges however , it is said , there are none ; they are only Accusations . These Charges then , in the shape of Accusations , not reduced to writing , but preferred in the manner in which they have been preferred , impute to his royal highness the Commander in Chief the foal and degrading imputation of direct personal corruption , and of wilful and criminal connivance at the corrupt practices of others . True it is that in searching for evidence of these graver matters you find evidence of milters of comparatively lighter moment ; not free from blame , God knows , but blame of a very different description . You have developed scenes of misconduct , of the existence of which there can be no doubt , and which I neither can , nor would attempt to justify . But if in endeavouring to obtain the proof of the facts alledged against his royal highness you have not been able to prove those facts , but have proved something different , something less , does it follow that if he is innocent of the great offence the lesser ones are to preclude him from acquittal ? It is said however that there is no Record of this inquiry ; no specific entry on our Journals which renders a specific sentence of acquittal or condemnation necessary . Posterity , it is said , will know nothing of our proceedings but from our Journals ; and there is therefore no injustice done to the Duke of York in leaving such a Charge without an answer . Is it possible to urge this argument seriously ? 600 If it might be true in former times that the forma ! acts , the recorded transactions of Parliament , and those alone , would go abroad to the world , or descend to posterity , blasting the name and character of a man accused , —are we therefore to be told that the case is the same now ? that now , when , by those modes of dissemination of which we are all aware , the knowledge of all that passes in this house is extended in a few hours to every