of the Address , to dismiss him from his councils fee ever . '' Were not lord Somers , 482 and the others , possessed of feelings as well as the Duke of York ? If so , were they not equally and sufficiently warranted in this instance in advising his Majesty to dismiss him from the head of the Army ? Had the house in doing this , refused to hear the illustrious personage whose case was brought before them ? The opportunity of being heard in his defence was still open to his Royal Highness , and unquestionably that house was not to be restricted in the exercise of its powers , and the performance of its duties , if his Royal Highness did not think proper to avail himself of this opportunity . It was only a vulgar impression and prejudiced education that could as-simulate the rules by which Parliament was to be regulated , to those of other Courts of Law with respect to evidence ; for he knew no fixed rules by which Parliament was to be regulated . They had heard a great deal of the rights and privileges of the Duke of York ; but was it therefore to be imagined that because that royal personage enjoyed privileges , there were none also enjoyed by the House of Commons ? or that they could not by virtue of the Constitution deprive him of them , if his conduct should have been such as to merit so severe an infliction ? But there was another observation of the hon . and learned gent , which he trusted would not soon be forgotten by that house . That hon . and learned gent , had , on the part of his Royal Highness , claimed for him the same measure of impartial justice which was extended by the laws and constitution equally to the peasant and the peer . That justice he ( Mr. Martin ) never would refuse , and it was upon that feeling that he called upon that house to support the original Address , as consistent with the usage of Parliament , an usage which should be equally acted upon , as well towards one peer as another , without any distinction of elevated situation or exalted rank . He had heard some comments upon the particular connection of the accused with the Throne , but the objections proposed upon that point had but little strength , in his opinion . He was one of those old-fashioned persons who continued to labour under that inveterate prejudice of former times ; that in the trial for alleged misconduct , there ought to be no distinction between the meanest subject in the country and the most elevated individual , unless that arose from the quality and extent of the imputed offence . He should argue that it was not only a right , but it was the 483 bounden duty of the House of Commons to prosecute every inquiry of this sort , in the way they had found their forefathers act ; and that they were not to sacrifice their rights , from the consideration of the high rank and station of the illustrious person accused . It might be said and had been triumphantly asked , with the precedent of lord Somers before them , why not impeach the Duke of York ? To that he should answer , that where they had a punishment commensurate to the offence , the most proper way of proceeding was to inflict that punishment . Why did they in any case impeach ? It was because the offence was one which they could not otherwise adequately punish . If there were no other mode of inflicting that punishment which appeared adequate to the offence , then they must at once have recourse to impeachment . The crown lawyers had taken very extraordinary objections to the witnesses ; upon the principle that the house was to confine itself entirely to the rules of courts of law : but it was truly remarkable , to find that they applied those objections to all those only ,