the officer of your house from capt . Sandon 's chamber , together with the Note respecting Tonyn ? Is there not evidence in those letters that she gave him and French instructions how to proceed : at what hours to go to the Horse-Guards , how to be dressed ? has he not told you , that he did wait upon the D. of Y. accordingly ? did he not find that she was acquainted with the different official changes ? when col. Clinton was to quit his situation , and when col. Gordon was to replace him in the office ? Were not all these notes preserved and docketed by him ? It he had found her account erroneous in any particular , would he not immediately have returned and stated , in the familiar language which seems to have been pretty current amongst all the parties concerned , `` How is this , Mrs. Clarke ? You have given me false accounts . You have pretended to influence , which you do not possess . All this is a mere humbug ! I must have my money back ; I shall not suffer myself to be so imposed upon . '' No such thing . All fell out as she told him it would . He paid the 500l . and continued to make his payments until the bubble finally burst by the misconduct of the Levy . The letters themselves bear marks of authenticity from the originality of the expressions they state to have been uttered by the D. of Y . They are of a character not easily to have been invented . I know it has been proved upon Mrs. C. that up to this very period she has sold influence she does not possess , and that she has defrauded persons of their money , and written the same sort of letters as those now under our consideration . Sir , I can answer that , by saying , that if she was drawn into the course of corruption she pursued whilst living with the D. of Y. , the poverty to which she was afterwards reduced by the withholding of her annuity , may have compelled her to engage in those swindling transactions with which she is now justly charged . Here I must say , I tax myself with a degree of forbearance which I have thought blameable from the moment . I mean for not interfering in the protection of a witness at your bar , when I felt that such witness was not treated with the fairness all witnesses have a right to claim . The letters found at capt . Sandon 's lodgings , were put into Mrs. C 's 225 hand , in order that she might prove the hand-writing ; at the same time she was strictly ordered not to read the contents of the letters . `` Say whether that is your hand-writing , but do not read a word . '' Such treatment was not justifiable . I reproach myself for not having remonstrated against it at the time . She had a right to look at the contents of the letters . Many alterations , additions , and interpolations , might have been made without her knowledge . She had a right to examine and to discriminate . She however did not hesitate ; she owned them all , with a fearlessness which was remarkable , although she knew not their contents , although they must deeply implicate her . and although she had guarded against their preservation as far as she could , by adding to almost every one , `` burn this as soon as read . '' I do not waste the time of the house by repeating the observation I have made in the case of Tonyn ; ( which is equally applicable to the case now before us ) that the Levy went through all the official forms . I proceed to the consideration of an important link in that chain of circumstances which seems to bind the D of Y. to a knowledge of the details of