been withheld by any peculiar delicacy , from prosecuting their inquiries , as they otherwise would have done had the Commander in Chief been of less exalted rank . He did not see , after negativing the charges brought forward , how the house could , consistently with its dignity , exclude his royal highness from the army for ever ; had not the noble lord made use of the word ' now ' , he ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) would have been at a loss to comprehend the drift of his Amendment ; but it appeared to him unjust thus to reserve to themselves the right of again reviving their proceedings against his royal highness at any future period . He did think the punishment so disproportionate , that he thought every one who had voted for acquitting the Duke of corruption and connivance would agree with him in the propriety of expunging the word 'now ' from the Amendment : he therefore should move as an Amendment on the noble lord 's Amendment , that the word 'now ' be expunged . had objections to some words in the Resolution , although he agreed with the right hon . gent . in many points of his speech . He agreed with him , that for the credit of the house something more was necessary than had already been done , and he had therefore been anxious the other night , that it should not go forth to the public that the business was finished . Having differed from the majority of the house on a former occasion , he knew with what delicacy he must advert to past proceedings . But he could not help observing , that the character of the house was greatly involved in this transaction , and he 729 hoped , that if any harsh opinions had been entertained of the house , its conduct on this occasion would banish them . had chearfully acquitted the Duke of York of any corrupt practices , but he could not acquit him of having permitted an undue influence , and would , therefore , vote for the Resolution . did not think his royal highness guilty of corruption , but , at the same time , he found from the evidence something highly censurable in the Duke of York 's conduct , and therefore he would vote for the Resolution , as he conceived it due to the country , that the opinion of the house should be recorded , with a view to its acting as a prevention of such practices in future . considered it absolutely necessary that some cause should appear on the Journals of the house , why the present , proceedings should cease . If the Duke 's Letter , which the right hon . gent . had communicated , had been addressed to the house , it would have been a different thing ; but all the house had heard was a speech ; which could not be entered on their Journals and commented upon . The noble lord could agree in the Amendment of his noble friend , and in no part more cordially than in the word 'now . ' It was certainly very unfit that the Duke of York should ever return to his command , after the corruption of which many members had believed him guilty ; and if the noble lord agreed to the word for that reason , many might agree to it for other reasons , on account of the Duke 's indiscretion , or his loss of the public confidence . The right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer had taken an-objection to what his noble friend had said upon the subject of the royal family 's holding places of trust . The noble speaker felt the position of his noble friend to be perfectly true ; and however long the house might have been enquiring into the Duke 's conduct , asked whether if he had been any other person than a royal Duke , he would not long ago have been removed from his situation ?