in a considerable degree , if not entirely , to discredit the testimony of that witness in other cases . He denied , that from the Note of the Duke of York respecting major Tonyn any unfavourable inference could he drawn , when the contradiction between the date of the postmark on the envelope of that note , and the appointment of major Tonyn in the Gazette , was considered ; and he also denied , that from the mention made by the Duke of York in one of the letters to Mrs. Clarke of gen. Clavering , that inference could be justly drawn which it had been attempted to deduce . At the same time he was willing to allow that it would have been more proper had his royal highness , in that letter , reminded Mrs. Clarke of the first conversation , which by her own evidence he had with her on military subjects . This letter was , however , evidently written with carelessness , and by no means deserving the serious character which had been imputed to it . The conduct of his royal highness , both before and since the termination of his connection with Mrs. Clarke , had certainly been such as to induce the strongest presumption in his favour . If the Duke had endeavoured to bribe Mrs. Clarke , for the purpose of getting from her the letters which might tend to criminate himself , and of securing her silence ; if instead of redressing the abuses of the army he had encreased them ; if instead of surrounding himself with honourable men such as col. Gordon , he had reposed confidence in such individuals as Donovan and Sandon ; if , instead of demanding the fullest inquiry into his conduct , he had shrunk from any investigation , then indeed it might have been said that there were strong presumptions of his royal highness 's guilt ; but when the direct reverse of all these suppositions was true , he could not conceive by what sort of vile revolutionary logic the manly and honourable conduct of his royal highness could be perverted into an evidence of his criminality . He wished to hear it accounted for how it happened , that with all the industry that had been used in the search , aided by that person who must be the best informed on the subject , no other cases of alleged corruption bad been brought forward than those which had been produced ; or how it happened , that out of the 50 or 60 letters from his royal highness , which Mrs. Clarke said she had in her possession , 566 only two could be offered in evidence , as tending to prove the connivance of the Duke of York , in Mrs. Clarke 's corrupt practices . After alt the industry which had been used , after all the revengeful malice of Mrs. Clarke , nothing could be proved against him except indiscretion . With respect to the acquaintance which Mrs. Clarke possessed with military subjects , that was in his mind sufficiently accounted for by the intimacy which was known to have existed between Mrs. Clarke and Mr. Ogilvie the army agent , before her connection with the Duke of York.—Acquitting , therefore , as he did , his royal highness of any participation or connivance in , or suspicion of the corrupt practices of Mrs. Clarke , his next consideration would be , what was the most proper step for the house to take , should they concur in that opinion ? Any further proceeding on their part should not be judicial , hut legislative and political . The question they would have before them would be , whether the moral guilt which had been proved against his royal highness was such as ought to induce them to address the Crown to remove him from his situation . On the best view that he could lake of the subject , he thought , that unless the house felt itself called upon by the imperative demand of justice and duty , they ought not , directly