must be deemed , from its total want of fairness a weak because most injudicious defence , by totally excluding from his consideration every thing that made against the D. of Y. , 367 and enlarging with scrupulous exactness on the slightest pretence for extenuation , setting up conjecture against evidence . He showed too grossly the prejudice of his own mind ; his total incapacity in this instance of forming a tolerably impartial opinion ; and , unless he could have excluded from the minds of others all considerations arising from the evidence , as well as from his own , it was not even the line of a wise advocate , much less of an impartial judge , which the hon . gent , had adopted . The hon . and learned gent , could not see a church by day-light , and yet he could discover a pin 's point in utter darkness ; he could look with eagle eye against the sun , and yet be blinded with a rush ; evidence at one time can produce no impression upon his mind , and at another the slightest conjecture appears to him , in contradiction to positive evidence , most satisfactory and convincing . The hon . gent , demands too much : he j would have us at one and the same time the most incredulous as well as the most credulous of beings : he would have us obstinately resist conviction from evidence complete in all its parts , and then balance our incredulity by generously believing , without a tittle of evidence , without a shadow of proof , and indeed against proof ; all those ingenious conjectures which appear to his own mind so convincing , and to mine , under the circumstances , so totally unworthy of any regard . The hon . gent , laboured hard to discredit the testimony of Sirs . C. But let any one consider the whole of that testimony , not omitting the peculiar circumstances under which she gave it , when no means had been left untried to bring out something or other against her ; she had been sifted from her very cradle to the time that she stood at the bar ; she came there suspected , distrusted , and discredited by the house ; the Attorney General , Solicitor General , and all the crown lawyers , and indeed all the lawyers in the house , immediately ranged themselves against her ; let gentlemen consider this , and then perhaps the wonder will be , that a woman in such a situation could give evidence with so much clearness , accuracy , precision , and consistency . This too was remarkable , that , unlike most of the other witnesses , you saw the worst of her at first ; she could scarce command common attention ; her credibility appeared more than doubtful : but the truth of her deposition was corroborated by others , and by unforeseen , unknown , unsuspected circumstances 368 of various sorts , and brought to light in a manner as unexpected ; so that she ended by obtaining the credit at first refused her , as most of the other witnesses had begun by forfeiting ail claim to that credit the house was so willing to afford them . But if , as the Chancellor of the Exchequer had stated , she had told no truth at all ; if those who had supported her testimony had also spoken falsely ; then the undeniable consequence would be , that all they had heard at the bar was a cunningly devised fable . If that was the case , it was indeed a stupendous effort of human ingenuity : if all this were framed and got up by Mrs. C , she must indeed be a most powerful genius , who could give falsehood such an appearance of truth , who could make hostile witnesses tell their stories in the exact way that best suited the advancing and sustaining of her plot , and so contrive , that even the witnesses brought forward against her ,