, sir , I need do no more than refer to what has been so well and ably stated , by my honourable and learn- 65 ed friend ( Mr. Burton ) behind me . You have been told by him , that , as an accomplice , you ought not to confide in her testimony , or to give the least credit to any thing she said , unless so far as she may he confirmed by the evidence of other witnesses , whose characters are not open to that suspicion of falsehood , which necessarily must attach upon her . Upon the point of confirmation , though a point of infinite importance to be well understood in such a case as this , it can not be necessary for me , after the manner in which the subject has been treated by my hon . and learned friend , to go into any length of observation to guard the house against being misled to suppose , that they find Mrs. C. 's evidence confirmed , so as to give credit to it against the D. of Y. , because parts of her story are substantiated by other evidence . That her story may be , and is , true , in respect of the corrupt practices , as far as she is concerned in them , is already admitted : those parts therefore , may undoubtedly be confirmed without difficulty , but such confirmation can not advance the case one step against h. r. h. : they might have existed whether the D. of Y. knew any thing of the facts or not . The points on which confirmation is wanting , and on which it must be had , before you can convict h. r. h. , are those which I contend rest to this minute unconfirmed , upon her unsupported assertion alone ; —that the D. of Y. authorised , that the D. of Y. knew of her practices . For as my learned friend has truly said , if a man has committed murder in the company of another person , and chooses to charge an innocent man with the offence , which was committed by himself and his companion , he will tell truly all the circumstances of the murder , only substituting the innocent man for his guilty companion . His evidence of the circumstances attending the murder , might be correct and true , although as far as respected the party accused of having perpetrated the crime , it would be false . The circumstances of the murder might all be so accurately stated , that they might be capable of confirmation , and if such conformation was to be supposed to substantiate the evidence of the accomplice , it would bring the proof of guilt home to the individual charged , who yet might be entirely innocent , and every fact which really affected the prisoner ( however the other circumstances might be confirmed ) would rest unconfirmed and 66 unsupported by any evidence but the accomplice 's . The confirmation , therefore , that in such cases must be required , is a confirmation of those circumstances which bring the fact home to the person who is charged with it . Apply this to the case of the D. of Y . Is it not obvious , that , if these corrupt transactions were practised by Mrs. C. without the knowledge of h. r. h. she must have pretended to have influence over the D. of Y. ; that her conduct , that her conversation , that her correspondence must have been framed to impose , both upon her instruments and upon her victims , the belief of that opinion ? Proof then by other witnesses , or by other means , of such circumstances of conduct , conversation and language , would be no confirmation of that part of the story which affects the D. of Y . Those circumstances would be true upon either hypothesis ; they are perfectly equivocal as to the main question in dispute : they therefore may be indisputably proved and confirmed , and