courts of law , where life and death are dependent on human testimony . I hope , Sir , that no gentleman in this house thinks the question 786 which is now under our consideration of subordinate importance . The public have had their eyes fixed on our proceedings , from the commencement of the investigation of the Charges against the -Duke of York , with a degree of intensity greatly exceeding any that has come within my knowledge ; and although the grand question before the house has been disposed of , the anxiety of the public to see what course we shall now take is extreme . The great length of time which the consideration of the guilt of general Clavering has been deferred , has , perhaps , excited feelings and opinions , which may be well illustrated by the old song , `` But if rich men like us were to swing , `` 'Twould thin the land such numbers to string . '' —Such opinions , Sir , if any such exist , must be destroyed , by shewing , that the commons of England are incapable of being influenced in their decisions by rank or station ; that we are as ready to do justice on those of our own , or even superior rank , which general Clavering is to me , as upon the most obscure individual of the empire . Meaning , therefore , to do justice , and justice only , I am , however reluctantly , compelled to give my vote , That General Clavering has been guilty of prevarication . said , in answer to what had fallen from an hon . gentleman on the other side , that he hoped there were few , very few , if any , of the rank and station of general Clavering , who could be capable of involving themselves in a similar predicament . He could not admit the force of a reason that had been assigned , grounded upon the alledged fact that many of the friends of general Clavering were now absent , who were competent to set up a satisfactory defence of that gentleman 's evidence , because , upon a cool and impartial review of that evidence , he , ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer , ) did not think that it admitted of any defence whatsoever . He thought it incapable of defence . It had been argued , that many of the answers given by general Clavering , were such , as proved that tie rather misunderstood the nature of the questions , than designedly gave false answers to them . He could not agree in that opinion , and in considering this question , it was not to be forgotten that general Clavering volunteered in his evidence , and had set out with wilful misrepresentations from the beginning . General Clavering had stated , at one time , that he came forward voluntarily , 787 and afterwards deposed , that he was urged by Mr. Lowten to come forward . This assertion was subsequently contradicted by Mr. Lowten ; but the fact with respect to which he had been most directly and manifestly contradicted , was respecting that of his communication with Mrs. Clarke . This was the fact in which he had completely falsified his testimony ; for he persisted in denying any communication on the subject of traffic for promotion with Mrs. Clarke ; and it appeared afterwards , that he bad offered Mrs. Clarke one thousand pounds for the exercise of her supposed influence . And there was another circumstance with respect to his evidence that he was sorry to be compelled to advert to ; he would ask , what brought forward general Clavering a second time ? An anxiety to correct any involuntary misstatement of which , in the coarse of his former testimony , he had been involuntarily guilty ? He ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) feared that the general had no such motive . He believed that the general was influenced rather by the written documents which had appeared . He was urged