you never can get beyond the evidence of Mrs. Clarke and Miss Taylor ; Miss Taylor , moreover , contributes nothing but a single and doubtful sentence . Yet , with three fourths of those whom we hear talk upon the subject , the case is thought to be proved with a force of evidence that nothing can resist . There never was such a strange and blundering misconception ; unless , indeed , it shall be said , that such are always the misconceptions on subjects of legal proof , by those who have not the means , or will not take the pains , or do not possess the habits or talents , to examine them with legal accuracy . The proofs of the existence of the thing , are given throughout , as the proofs of the Duke of York 's knowing it . Nobody ever doubts of the existence of the thing—that there was a corrupt traffic carried on by Mrs. Clarke , and others . Of that we have evidence without end ; even if it were necessary to ask for any other than that of Mrs. Clarke herself . There her evidence is conclusive ; it is the very best that can be had in any case . But her testimony , which is the best for that purpose , namely , to prove her own practices , is altogether as bad , when applied to the 508 other purpose , which is all however that we have to do with , of proving by her ipse dixit , that the Duke of York was privy to them . Upon this evidence , however , we are now required to come to that conclusion . The other heads of charge in the cause are , comparatively with these , and as I think , in themselves , of so little magnitude , that though they have assumed a great consequence in the eyes of some gentlemen , I can not bring myself to dwell upon them at much length . The moral part of the question , as it is called , is one , that many gentlemen think , ought of itself to call for the animadversion of the house . I certainly do not mean to set up a justification of that part of the royal personage 's conduct ; but not feeling that this is a matter on which the house is called upon to animadvert , I do not feel that I am setting up a justification of it , by endeavouring to dissuade the house from taking any cognizance of it . Something must , after all , be yielded to the general habits and manners of the world ; and something also to the situation of persons placed in the rank of life of the royal Duke ; who being deprived originally in marriage , of much of that free choice which is the happy privilege of persons in humbler stations , ought not , perhaps , to be called upon for an equally rigorous discharge of the duties attached to that state . There must be something , moreover , of general harmony and uniformity in the conduct both of individuals and of collective bodies , if they would wish either to gain credit for their motives , or to give authority to their example ; or not to risk the exciting feelings of ridicule , where they are anxious to impress sentiments of deference and respect . I am afraid , that the present state of manners in this country will not admit well of a solemn resolution of the Mouse of Commons , to censure the Commander in Chief for keeping a mistress . If this were true in general , there is nothing to render the present instance an exception , so far at least as relates to those decent precautions and observances which , by preventing the evil example from becoming public , do away , it must be confessed , a considerable portion of the mischief . It appears by the evidence , that the Duke , in his visits to his