a woman , whose application ought to have been instantly spurned at and rejected . When the Duke of York could bring himself to entertain such an application , it appeared to him that he would have submitted to , and granted much more , under the influence of the fascinations of a woman to whom he appeared to have been most strongly attached . The situation of the Duke was like that of a man , who after neglecting his affairs for some time , was afraid to look into them , conscious of his situation , but endeavouring to blind himself to it until he deceives himself into a fatal misapprehension of his real condition ; every man that was at all conversant with our nature must know how easily we can deceive ourselves when we earnestly wish to do so . He could not , however , positively say that the Duke actually knew of the corruption . In this he had frankly slated his view of the subject ; he had only to add , that nothing of all that had been said during the discussion , squared exactly with the impression upon his mind . He acquitted the Duke of York of corruption ; but he was of opinion that he could scarcely help suspecting the corrupt practices which were going on . Though the illustrious personage might not have had a distinct knowledge of the corruption , he must have had not only a suspicion , bat a general idea of its existence , though not so clear and definite as to amount to knowledge . This was a species of impression which persons who were at all acquainted with the human mind must be aware of ; and when he considered the attachment his royal highness had to this woman , he thought it extremely probable that he might have been actuated by such a feeling , and sensible of such an impression . —In voting for the Amendment of his hon . friend , he should vote for the acquittal of the Duke of York of corruption as far as he could . He preferred this Amendment to either the original Address , or the Resolutions of his right hon . friend , ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) but of these two , if he had no alternative , he should prefer the original Address . But the gentlemen opposite , appeared to him to have adopted a strange course . In consequence of the evidence , they called for a direct decision of the question of corruption or no corrup- 588 tion . They found fault with the Amendment of his hon . friend , because he had not introduced something stronger into it , which they could more easily induce the house to reject . These gentlemen were old soldiers , and could not be at any loss for parliamentary expedients . He too had some experience in these matters , and should have profited little by his long acquaintance with the practice and forms of parliament , not to perceive the drift of such a suggestion . The most manly course that the house could adopt , would be that which was most consistent with its duly , and with justice . They should go no farther than their duty demanded . Glad indeed , should he be , if it was possible for the house to come to a decision favourable to his royal highness , but that the evidence rendered hopeless . They were not to be considered cruel for placing the Duke in the situation in which the question before the house placed him . It was not that house , or any proceeding in it , but those friends who should have informed his royal highness of the corrupt practices that were going on , and neglected it , that had brought his royal highness to the dreadful situation in which he then was placed . With regard to all that had been said of the evidence , as to the general improbability of its character , that had no influence upon his