the whole of these proceedings , therefore , I have felt , that if we erred at all , we should err more safely by extending the range of enquiry even beyond what might perhaps be deemed its proper limits , than to contract it . Upon these , and upon all other points which have occurred during the whole course of the proceeding , I have never shrunk from avowing my share in them , and have openly stated and explained the reasons for my conduct ; my conscience tells me I have acted faithfully and justly . Towards the royal duke I confess I have acted with an earnestness , and an anxiety , equal to what I should have felt if it had been the cause of my brother ; and in the proposition which I tender to the house , I protest that I feel it to be the same , which under similar circumstances I should be bound to propose , if h. r. h. were a perfect stranger to me.—It is in my judgment that which the demands of public justice , and public policy , require at our hands . What the result will be , the house will determine ; and as far as I am concerned , I can assure the hon . gent. , that with respect to my constituents , ( who are , I must take leave to tell the hon . gent. , an extremely numerous body , with as extended and popular a right of election as any in the country , ) I am not apprehensive , if my conduct is rightly understood by them , that there is any part of it , by which I shall incur the risk of forfeiting that confidence , which I have so long enjoyed , which I regard as the best test of my public character , and which I esteem as a possession of the highest value . I shall now trouble the house no further , but conclude with moving 154 the amendment , which I have before explained . ( See page 111 . ) considered the address moved by the hon . gent . who opened the debate so objectionable , that it was impossible for him to give it his concurrence . But , disapproving as he did of the original address , he felt as strong an objection to the course proposed by his right hon . friend who had just sat down . He , however , intirely concurred in the view of his right hon . friend , that it was absolutely necessary for the house to come to some decision upon the leading question respecting the charge of corruption . As to the various ways in which this may be done , it was his opinion that a resolution would be the most proper and parliamentary . The address of the hon . gent , involved an alternative which would have the effect of leaving the question of corruption undecided , which , as well in justice to the illustrious person accused , as from a regard to the judicial character of that house , and to the consistency of its proceedings , it was their duty to give judgment upon . With the principle of the resolutions of his right hon . friend , so far as related to the acquittal of h. r. h. the D. of Y. of personal corruption , he perfectly concurred . But at the same time he should prefer some more comprehensive resolutions which should embrace at once all the parts of the case ; for there were other charges , as well as that of personal corruption , respecting military matters , upon which the house was bound to pronounce an opinion . His principal objection , therefore , to the amendment of his right hon friend , was , that his right hon . friend did not propose to do enough in the first instance , and yet , when that should be done , that what he proposed to do afterwards appeared to be both from its tone