was brought here to disprove and to cancel . I intreat the pardon of the house for having detained them on points so minute ; but as the value of the evidence of the persons brought to destroy the credibility of Mrs. C. and her conspirators , has been highly estimated , I trust I shall be excused for the humble attempt I am now making to set before you its real worth . Sir , I am at a loss to describe my feelings inspecting the active persecution this unfortunate young woman has endured from the first moment of her appearance at your bar ; but , if ever there was a woman , whose case ought to call forth the compassion of the public , that woman is Miss Taylor , so far as relates to the examinations to which she has been , exposed in this house ; and the imputations cast upon her character and veracity . Now it is proper I should look at the true state of the question , with respect to this alleged double name . Is there a man in this great metropolis so ignorant , as not to know , that many of those who traffic in the lottery have found their account in assuming certain appropriate and 213 enticing names , with reference to the blind goddess who presides over that annual scandal and reproach to this enlightened and moral nation . Hazard , Burne , and Co. ; Richardson and Goodluck . Why not Taylor and Chance ? The fact , I suppose to be , that Mr. Taylor assumed the name of Chance as a name of business , on the Stock-exchange , by which he chose to be known in his transactions in the funds and in the lottery . But can gentlemen imagine , that when Mr. Richardson retires to his family , his children or his servants would accost him by the name of Goodluck.— The opulence , long standing and established respectability of some of the gentlemen to whom I have adverted , renders it natural , that they should be indifferent to the knowledge their families may have of their addition of fictitious names ; but the obscurity of Mr. Taylor makes it probable , that his assumption of the name of Chance was wholly unknown to his daughter , as it had been for so many years to his intimate friend , Dederick Smith . Smith himself gives a very substantial reason in his corrected evidence for having said Taylor and not Chance , 'It was by way of compliment to Mrs. and Miss Taylor ! ' He dropped the name of Chance out of delicacy to the wife and daughter . Knowing that his friend Taylor had for so many years concealed that name from him , he inferred that if the wife and daughter were ignorant of his having assumed it , the discovery might give them pain . This is the real explanation of the compliment Dederick Smith paid , by using the name of Taylor instead of Chance . So much for Mr. Dederick Smith . Of him , I take it for granted , we shall never again hear one syllable from those who brought him forward . Sir , there has been another attack on the credibility of Miss Taylor , more furious and formidable in its nature , than that which was made through the assistance of Smith . Another circumstance is relied upon by the Chancellor of the Exchequer , and the learned Judge , as being of itself sufficient to render her testimony unworthy of credit . The defenders of the D. of Y. have taken two strings to their bow . Upon trial , both will prove useless . The masked battery of Dederick Smith has failed . We have now to encounter the forlorn hope . Miss Taylor was brought to the bar of the house to give evidence on the charges before us . Having given that evidence , having had her feelings tortured by a com- 214 pulsory acknowledgment of domestic calamity ; having answered the almost innumerable