imitate the Duke 's . Does it recollect to what a dangerous extent this abandoned woman is gifted with the faculty of adopting her hand-writing to the style and manner in which others write ? Does it advert to the very important circumstance that she had the letters of the D. of Y. constantly before her ; and that if it was her intention to write a short note which should have every appearance of his hand-writing , how easy it was for a person of her ability to execute her design ? That among the notes of h. r. h. which she has given in at the table , there appears one or two in which the very words in this note about Tonyn are introduced ; that she had only to look at the words , which would answer her purpose—that she had only to select and copy those particular notes which would furnish her with a pattern to imitate ? Can the house contemplate all these facilities which Mrs. Clarke possessed in so eminent a degree , and not entertain even more than a doubt , as to the fact of this being the note of the D. of Y. ? It does stand undoubtedly in evidence as a piece of paper , on which there is handwriting to a small extent similar to the hand-writing of the D. of Y . The contradictions in the evidence , as to the fact , ought to make one pause . I am ready to admit , that upon the testimony of the witnesses , who have been called from the Bank and Post-office , to state their opinion of the authenticity of this note , the balance of the evidence is in favour of its being the hand-writing of the D. of Y. ; but is it not possible that the witnesses may have been deceived by the closeness of the imitation ? There was a doubt in the 107 minds of all the persons who were acquainted with the hand-writing of h. r. h. Gen. Brownrigg does not think it is his hand-writing ; and the result , I think , fairly is , that the question is so far involved in doubt and obscurity , as fully to justify this house in hesitating , before it comes to any conclusion upon its authenticity ; as however , I can not disguise from myself , that it does appear that the impression of the house upon the direct evidence seems to be in favour of the authenticity of the note , it is necessary to examine the collateral evidence which we have upon the subject of it . Capt . Sandon , when he was at length brought to admit the existence of the note , says , that it was given to him to shew and prove to capt . Tonyn , that his promotion would not go on , unless he paid the money . `` I took the note '' he says , `` and produced it to maj. Tonyn with that message '' —and he then says , he was induced to wait three or four days , and Mrs. Clarke got her 500l.—In another part , he gives a direct contrary interpretation to it , —he is asked , `` Do you recollect the purport of the note ? `` — '' No , I entirely forget what it is . '' ( The note was read . ) `` Hearing the purport of this note , state how this note , which mentions a stop to the business , could possibly encourage maj. Tonyn in the idea of its going forward ? `` —He says , `` Does it not say it is to go on ; the contrary , it says it stops ; it still remains as it is . '' `` How can it then encourage the gentleman in the expectation of its going on ? `` — '' It was then going on , and I should imagine , it was meant it should go on . '' `` What do you understand by the expression ,