, and under what regulations , these bounties should be administered , and the system which had proved so beneficial , should be farther extended ? He professed himself to be unacquainted with the detail of the business , and indeed the other necessary avocations of any man holding his office , would render it completely impracticable for him to enter into the inquiries necessary to form a correct judgment on matters of this nature ; and therefore he conceived himself justified in bringing forward the measure of continuing the present Board of Directors of Inland Navigation , whose duties it would be to examine and inquire into the different lines of navigation that were already and might hereafter be proposed for , and to state their opinions on their respective advantages , in order to guide the judgment of his majesty 's government as to which of those lines they 826 ought to recommend to Parliament to be carried into execution by public aid . He therefore moved , `` That leave be given to bring in a bill for the farther extension of Inland Navigation in Ireland . '' said , that he perfectly coincided in the sentiments expressed by the right hon . member in the commencement of his speech , namely , that the further extension of Inland Navigation in Ireland , was a most desirable object , not merely to that part of the United Kingdom to which he belonged , but to every part of the empire ; as on the extension of the agriculture of Ireland , not only depended the welfare , but , in the present awful crisis , perhaps the very existence of the state . We must secure at home , even in unfavourable seasons , the certain means of subsistence ; otherwise , shut out as we are from the Continent of Europe , as well as of America , it might be in the power of our enemy to dictate terms to us . Ireland is able and willing amply to supply your deficiency in corn ; but you must assist her to do so ; and I agree with the right hon . gent. , that such is her deficiency in capital , that without Parliamentary aid , she can not extend her navigations into the heart of her fertile country . And without inland navigation , the produce of those countries can not be brought to market , as it could not bear the expenses of land carriage ; and therefore inland navigation is the one thing needful . So far the right hon . member and I are fully agreed , but we differ most essentially in the manner in which these wise and politic measures are to be carried into effect . The right hon . gent . seems to think that nothing more is necessary to be done , but to appoint a Board , with salaries , and then every thing will follow . Now , I am of opinion , that a Board without salaries would be preferable , and I much fear , that the Board of the right hon . member , with salaries , will not only not forward the business , but will actually retard it ; and this has been sufficiently proved by the manner in which this same Board has hitherto proceeded ; a permanent instance of which I will give to the Committee . In the year 1807 , the whole sum expended by the Board , including its own establishment , was £.21,000 : and what do you think , out of that trifling sum , was paid for the establishment ? why , no less than £.6,100 . This went in £.500 a piece for five Commissioners , £.500 more to a secretary , so much for an accountant , for a clerk of the 827 minutes , for law-agent , and house-rent , and engineers , and surveyors , & c. & c. Now , Sir , I am fully convinced , that the Lords ? of the Treasury , and the Commissioners of Imprest Accounts , are fully competent