using the King 's name to influence the house . . Sir , the hon . gentleman has interrupted me , perhaps not improperly . I feel no resentment for the interruption . Unquestionably the argument is one not easy to manage in perfectly strict conformity to the rules and orders of the house . The right hon . gent , has a right to enforce those orders : but then I entreat the house to observe in what a situation he places me . This Address , indeed both Addresses , and the mode of proceeding by Address , have been defended on the ground that it was proper to proceed in the manner least injurious to the feelings of the King . The Addresses themselves contain this sentiment ; The supporters of the Addresses have recommended the adoption of them on this ground . But when I proceed to examine the truth of the statement on the faith of which we are called upon to vote ; when I presume to enquire how far the Address is consistent with the professed purpose of those who framed it ; how far they have executed their own intention , and secured their own object ; I am stopped by the right hon . gentleman , who tells me that I 623 am out of order . The Addresses are praised because they are so tender of the King 's feelings : but when I venture to describe those feelings , and to probe this professed tenderness , I am told that I travel on forbidden ground , and that you , Sir , and the house , must not hear me ! Is this just ? With this topic , however , I have done . But if the Addresses are not framed to my taste and feelings , I confess they are still less framed to my understanding . The reference to the Committee was , as I have already observed , to investigate the conduct of his royal highness the Duke of York in respect to promotions in the army , & c : this , therefore , is the object to which the statements of the Address ought to have been directed ; not generally to abuses in the army , but specifically to the conduct of the Duke of York . Is it a correct execution of this purpose , to carry up to the Throne a general complaint of abuses in the army , avoiding altogether a distinct report on the question of the Duke of York 's criminality or innocence in respect to those abuses ? Yet such is the tenor of the Address , as originally moved ; nor does the amended one get rid of the objection . Is this doing your duty by the country or by the King ? Do you not desert that duty , if , such a reference having been made to you , you do not clearly speak out upon the specific point so referred ? Does it not become you to inform his majesty , in the first paragraph of your Address , whether you consider , not merely the fact of abuses existing to have been proved , but the Duke of York 's privity and participation ? You shorten and lighten your own task , to be sure , by shifting this burthen from your own shoulders upon those of the King . I beg the hon . gentleman 's pardon ; I am here in order . I now speak not of the king personally , but of the King , in his political capacity ; as he is to act upon this Address , and to act , of course by the advice of his ministers , upon it . Now as one of those ministers upon whom the responsibility of that advice is to fall , I do claim of the justice and good sense of the house , that they will speak out their judgment plainly . As this Address is framed , I protest I know not how the King 's ministers are to advise his majesty to