Mr. Dowler there is no concurrent recommendation at all . He stands upon the influence of Mrs. C. alone . No trace has been discovered of any other support . That Mr. Dowler exercises the duties of the commissariat is before our eyes ; how he became commissary , no man can tell . Every nook and corner of the treasury has been ransacked . The soothsayers have been consulted . The wise men have opened the books of the mysteries , wherein are recorded the applications , promises , and performances . A former secretary of the treasury has applied to the stores of his memory ; the present secretary has carefully reviewed every paper in his possession . The universal return has been `` Non est inventus . '' Mr. Commissary Watson from the grave disclaims him . Dowler indeed , himself , has mentioned one person who might have thrown some light upon the matter , but he has never been called . Mr. Dowler has said , that 233 Mr. Vernon of the treasury told him , `` I believe you are going to be appointed `` assistant commissary . I have no doubt the appointment will take place , it has been signified from the board . '' Why was not Mr. Vernon , who is now alive , brought before us , to tell us what he knew about this appointment ? I have no doubt that Dowler has spoken the truth . The right hon . gent . can not do that which is impossible even to Jupiter himself . He can not call back the past day . He can not annul the appointment . He can not rail the seal from off the bond . Divest Dowler of the protection of Mrs. C , he stands alone , perfectly insulated , without friend , connexion , or recommendation ; yet he did obtain an appointment . He served in South America and Portugal with the king 's forces , from whence he returned , providentially as it would appear , to give his testimony at the bar of this house . To the D. of Y. Dowler must have been an object of personal aversion . But the money which he produced , secured the influence of Mrs. Clarke , and her influence over the Commander in Chief secured a recommendation which was sure of success . Such is the story he has told . Circumstances strongly corroborate the statement he has made , not a shadow of contradiction is given to any part of it . I believe it to be true . I now come to the case of Mr. Elderton , who was appointed pay-master to a regiment . The Chancellor of the Exchequer has said , that paymasterships are not in the appointment of the Commander in Chief , and he is certainly right . But will the right hon . gent , pretend to say that the recommendation of the D. of Y. to such an appointment would have no influence ? Mrs. Clarke applied to the D. of Y. , and the D. of Y. mentioned it to Mr. Greenwood . Had that no weight ? But the D. of Y. never applied formally to Mr. Greenwood on the subject , and never directly recommended him to his notice . What trifling is this ! do not we all know how the matter passed ? The D. of Y. said to Mr. Greenwood , `` Mr. Elderton will call upon you about a paymastership . '' Verbum sat . Greenwood bowed , and the thing was done without another syllable . Mr. Greenwood had only to see the man was duly qualified . It was indisputably by the influence of Mrs. Clarke alone the appointment was obtained : and what , like many other circumstances attending this investigation , is almost miraculous , the 234 letter of thanks addressed by Elderton to the D. of Y. was produced from the repository of Mr. Nichols . Of the existence of such a letter Mrs. Clarke was utterly ignorant at the time she told her story .