from the consideration that the loan was not likely to be obtained . The next case he adverted to was that of Samuel Carter ; he felt himself justified in stating , that he was not appointed from any other influence , but through that woman alone . Perhaps he might not have worn a livery , but it was certain he was in a menial capacity ; application might have been made for him before , but it was not until she applied , that the commission was procured ; to her influence therefore it was exclusively to be ascribed.—With respect to gen. Clavering , if his testimony were to be believed in any thing , it should he allowed that his application to her respecting military information was not the only communication he had had with Mrs. Clarke upon such subjects ; for he had expressly stated , `` that the reason he applied to her then was because he experienced her willingness to be communicative upon former occasions . '' A worthy alderman ( Combe ) in order to disprove the influence of Mrs. Clarke , in the case of Mr. Dowler , related a conversation to the house , in which he had asked Mr. Dowler himself the question ; saying , `` I have heard that it was through Mrs. Clarke you obtained your appoititmeut—I hope it was not . '' To this Mr. Dowler answered , `` No , it was through sir Brook Watson . '' This was represented as a ground for concluding , that it was not through Mrs. Clarke the appointment was obtained , although Mr. Dowler himself had said at the bar , that it was . Besides he would ask , why did the worthy alderman 550 make She inquiry ? Because public report , because public notoriety , had set her down as the person who procured it ; and that public notoriety he considered a presumption stronger than any that could be founded upon the conversation of the worthy alderman , that Mrs. Clarke exercised an improper influence over the Commander in Chief . The member for Cambridgeshire ( Mr. Yorke ) had observed , that it was probable sir Brooke Watson procured that appointment , as he had succeeded in procuring three other appointments , about the same time ; but such a mode of arguing could never bring conviction to his mind ; and be appealed to the understanding of the house , whether such an inference should have weight ? He had heard the speech of a right hon . gent . opposite , who appeared to take such a view of the case , that he removed out of his sight all the prominent gigantic objects about which others were employed , and to which they thought their principal attention should be directed . He could not approve of that microscopic investigation of the littleness of the subject : he was for a general comprehensive view . The house had been called upon not to attend to popular clamour ; he hoped it would not ; he joined in that call as sincerely as any man ; if the house did attend to it , it would forfeit its character with the rest of the world , and lose its honour entirely . But when he talked thus against an attention to popular clamour , it was a criminal attention he deprecated ; it was an attention calculated to produce an improper influence upon their minds , and induce them to swerve from the path of justice . There was an attention to public clamour , or he would rather call it to public opinion , which should never meet his disapprobation . It was necessary in a free government , and for those who represented a free people , to consult their opinions , and pay them a respectful attention ; and he was not a little surprised , that the caution against public clamour should originate with a right hon . gent. , ( the Chancellor of the Exchequer ) to whom that clamour had been so beneficial , who