he had the good fortune to prove an alibi . Once take away this cautionary rule , and the danger would be endless . I do not scruple , therefore , to assert , and I do it in the presence of many of my brethren , whom I challenge to contradict me , that every judge would -advise a jury to lay the evidence 30 of an accomplice entirely out of the case , and acquit the prisoner , if that evidence , however confirmed in the general circumstances , be not also corroborated by some unimpeached evidence , to bring the of-fence home to the person of the prisoner . But it is not the evidence of accomplices alone , without confirmation , which ought to be disregarded ; other witnesses , who are falsified in material points to which their attention has been directed , are wholly undeserving of all credit , and their testimony ought equally to be set aside . The next endeavour , therefore , was to separate those of this description . I will not go through all their names : a few will be sufficient . Sandon and Donovan , the first of whom is suffering for his prevarication , need scarcely be called to the recollection of the House ; nor can Mrs. Favery easily be forgotten , who not only contra dieted herself in various particulars within her own knowledge , but was contradicted by other unimpeachable witnesses . Among other falsehoods , remember what she said as to Mr. Ellis , with whom she had lived upwards of two years— that he was a carpenter in the city , who had a lodging in one street and a shop in another ; that she did not know the name of either , nor could find her way to them ; that the family were nearly all dead ; that he was perpetually going about to screen himself from his creditors— one time to Brighton , at another to Ramsgate , and another to Margate.— All this she afterwards acknowledged to be a fabrication of her own . You find him to be a respectable clergyman , one of the masters of Merchant Taylor 's School , living in a settled abode , in circumstances unembarrassed , and never having once gone either to Margate or to Ramsgate , but only to Brighton , for the health of his children , as she well knew , and not for the purpose of screening himself from creditors . Be it also remembered , that in contradiction to her , as well as to Mrs. C , it was proved by Mr. Ellis , that Mrs. Favery was visited by Mrs. C. , not once or twice only , but often , and that the manner in which they treated each other was that of persons living on term of the most intimate familiarity . Every one must so well recollect the way in which Mrs. Favery contradicted herself and was contradicted by others , and I think in no less than ten material circumstances , that I should be ashamed to enter into a further recital of them . Such is her evidence , that I will venture to say , any 31 judge would think he did a common prisoner an unpardonable injury if he stated it as worthy the consideration of a jury ; so far , at least , as to affect him . Probably , indeed , he would strike his pen through it . Amongst the foremost of false witnesses stands also Mrs. Clarke , the accomplice . In her testimony is to be found an absolute tissue of falsehood . I have reckoned up myself as many as twenty-eight positive assertions , in some of which she is contradicted by herself ; in almost all , by other unimpeached witnesses . I will not pretend to enumerate all of them from memory , nor can it be necessary ; but it will be remembered , that when she was asked whether she ever represented herself as a widow , her reply was , `` Never