Clause in the Act of last session , that gave the two guineas bounty . As there were counties so peculiarly circumstanced ill which persons residing in certain parts of them could not conveniently attend the training , he should introduce a clause for the purpose of enabling such persons to be trained in any other adjoining county . He also should suggest an alteration with respect to the Stamp Duties on Commissions . It was also his intention to equalize the allowances for June and August to the Yeomanry Cavalry ; and as the one was 5l.and the other 2l.a year , he meant to reduce the former and raise the latter to 4l.a year , as he thought such a disparity of provision for the same troops-ought not to continue . The whole 819 force would then amount to 200,000 of as fine athletic troops as no other country ever did or would produce . They no doubt would , in point of discipline , be inferior to the troops of the line , but in equipment they would be every way equal to them . The noble lord then concluded by moving for leave to bring in a Bill to amend and render move effectual the Local Militia Act . said , that the thing had taken a popular turn , and , no doubt numbers were raised , but as to the magnificent description of them given by the noble lord , he must have had it from officers who had not seen them . But when the noble lord talked thus , he ought to recollect that these men were so many taken out of the means of supply for the regular Militia and the Army . As the bounty of two guineas had been begun , he thought it should be continued , although he allowed that it had better be paid by the public than by an assessment on the parishes . If one guinea only was allowed , the volunteering would be at an end , and the men must be procured by ballot , and the Militia be made up of two descriptions of people , the one of which would be apt to look down on the oilier . This diminishing the bounty before the Bumber at present was complete , would create a great deal of dissatisfaction . observed , that the noble lord had triumphed in his success . He did not know what that success was . If the noble lord meant to say , that he had procured an army by this means , this was no great boast ; because the ballot must procure men , and it never had been contended by any one that it would not . But the question was , what sort of soldiers it procured , and at what expence to the country ? 'Prime men ' , his lordship said ; he had not seen them to be sure , hut he ( Mr. Windham ) had no doubt the men were good as men , but the point was , what sort of soldiers they would make under this measure ; and whether they would be of more value in this situation than another ? Here was an army , his lordship said , such as no ether country could produce ; they had more money in their pockets , better deaths on their backs , and officers of greater property than any other country could produce , respectable shopkeepers , attornies in great business . The noble lord spoke of an army , which might say like Cloten in the play , `` Do n't you know me by my cloaths ! '' and as if he thought that its 820 greatest merit belonged to its taylors . But the effect of the measure was to render the men not disposable , who would otherwise have been disposable . The noble lord spoke of the feeling of the regular army in case of invasion when thus supported . The feeling of the regular army , seeing troops so organized , and so officered , would be