gazetted till the 18th , during the whole of which interval Mrs. C. was ignorant that capt . Tonyn had obtained his majority , an ignorance which she manifested by her solicitude . Was it to be believed that in such a case , threatened as she was by capt . Sandon , that he would withdraw the promise of the 500l . ; that if she possessed the influence ascribed to her , she would not have questioned the D. of Y. on the subject ? And was it not probable that h. r. h. 's answer would have been `` major Tonyn is actually made , and will be gazetted on Saturday or Tuesday next ? '' But she did not venture on such an inquiry , and capt . Tonyn was actually a major for several days before Mrs. C , interested as she was in the transaction , was apprised of it . A more convincing proof than this of the little communication that existed between the Commander in Chief and Mrs. C , he could not well conceive . As to the case of col. Shawe , nothing could be more clear . Col. Shawe had obtained his appointment in the usual way , and with the understand- 363 ing that he was immediately to go on half-pay . It was impossible , therefore , to believe that h. r. h. , to revenge the quarrel of Mrs. C , should order col. Shawe to be put upon half-pay ; well knowing , as he must have done , that such was the original condition of colonel Shawe 's appointment . Much had been said with respect to the mode in which major Turner 's promotion had been stopped . With respect to the character of the female , by whom that delay was occasioned , it appeared to him of little consequence , and that it was unfair to assign that as a cause why justice ought not to be done . Considering the question in this point of view , he confessed that he felt astonished at the observations that had been made , and at the questions that had been put to col. Gordon upon it . Proceeding to the case of Mr. Dowler , he observed , that it had already been so ably handled , that he did not feel it necessary to trespass upon the time of the house longer than to observe , that it was impossible that could be made a matter of grave accusation against h. r. h. As to Samuel Carter , it was most probable that he would have had his commission without any interference on the part of Mrs. C. He could not help observing by the way , that this was the only instance adduced of Mrs. C. 's successfully exerting her influence for the obtaining of an ensigncy , although it could not but be evident , that there were many individuals who would have been very happy to have given her two or three hundred pounds for her recommendation . So far from her influence having been notorious , he contended , that this fact proved the very reverse . A very exaggerated statement had been made of the expence attendant on Mrs , C. 's establishment , which was trivial , compared with what it had been asserted to have been . On a general review of the whole circumstances of the case , he could not perceive that there were any just grounds to induce the house to agree to a proposition , the tendency of which was , to remove from the command of the army an illustrious individual , to whose exertions the army and the country were eminently indebted . His r. h. the D. of Y. assumed the command of that army at a period when , after a long peace , it was in the worst possible state , and required a complete and radical reform . That reform h. r. h. had undertaken ; in that reform he had completely succeeded ; he had made the British army what it was 364