case of Shaw ; and that acquittal must re fleet itself in all the preceding cases ; and you must send the Duke of York back into society , emancipated by your verdict from the disgrace that was planned for him , and restored to the full lustre of his honour and of innocence . '' Thus , sir , do I believe a judge would address a jury . Thus , sir , in a most deep and conscientious conviction , do I address this house , and entreat them honourably to acquit his royal highness of the base corruption , and the no less base connivance at corruption , which had been so injuriously charged upon him . For my part , in all sincerity , and in the full contemplation of my responsibility , I shall not hesitate to give my unbiassed verdict of … . NOT GUILTY . Here , sir , I must with great reluctance confess , that the more pleasing part of my task concludes : I regret that I can no longer use the language of defence , that I am even constrained to adopt that of censure : a more painful feeling can not well be inflicted : but my public duty obliges me to undergo it ; and the sentiment of having done that duty , will alleviate the sorrow that , on every account , I feel at not being able to follow , to his utmost step , the course of my right hon . friend the Chancellor of the Exchequer . I do not mean , sir , to assume the office of censor , and declaim against the immorality of his royal highness 's connexion with Mrs. Clarke . However I may disapprove of it ( and both my public and private feelings lead me most strongly to do so ) , it is not my duty to censure it . The house must lament , but it is not within its province to punish , such irregularities ; and I can not but regret that so much stress has been laid on this moral offence , because it has tended to prejudice the public opinion as to the political charges now under trial . I believe , and am happy to believe , that there is in this country a strong sentiment against all violations of domestic decency and duty : but when I know that , unhappily , these breaches are by no means uncommon , and yet do so often pass unnoticed ; when I see that they have drawn upon the Duke of York a violence of reproach which they have not caused in any other cases , I 472 can not but suspect that something of this flagrant zeal , this righteous indignation , has been assumed for the particular occasion ; and that the offender , rather than the offence , has been , in many instances , the object of these pious and angry attacks . The point in which I think his royal highness culpable , and that upon which I think myself , in fairness , competent to animadvert , is the communication which he permitted Mrs. Clarke to have with him relative to General Wavering . That he did so , is avowed ; that he should not have done so , is conceded ; and that to this extent he is blameable , must be admitted . I will allow , that perhaps no practical evil occurred , or perhaps it had only happened in one or two instances ; but it was wrong in principle and in essence ; and I therefore regret , that this ( however venial ) indiscretion obliges me to refuse my entire assent to the address of my right hon , friend ( Mr. Perceval ) , which I conceive to be one , not only of acquittal , in which I coincide , but of unqualified approbation , in which I do not . ( Hear , hear , from the opposition benches ) . Yes , sir , I acknowledge this transient agreement between me and some