would be no very great difficulty in getting rid of any charges , however well established by evidence . There was another right hon . gent. , the member for Cambridgeshire ; but before he came to him he must say a few words respecting what had fallen from the Attorney General . His reputation for ability as a lawyer was so high that he paid him particular attention , and listened to his observations with the greatest solicitude ; he had looked to have his mind informed by his legal knowledge , or at least to have had some luminous points discovered by the acuteness of his understanding : but nothing of the kind ; the learned gent , seemed to be quite overpowered by the weight of the case ; he seemed to be hampered at every step , and subdued , as it were , by the evidence presenting itself to his mind , every 373 time he attempted to raise an argument in defence of h. r. h. It called to his mind an anecdote of the famous Mr. Dunning . A friend applied to him for advice in choosing a counsel , and asked which he thought the best man at the bar for him to choose , as he wished to employ the most able . Mr. Dunning replied , 'before I can answer , you must let me know your cause : ' it happened to be a very bad one . `` Oh , ( says Mr.Dunning , ) for such a cause as that you must employ the worst counsel you can possibly find : pick out the greatest fool at the bar : for a man of sense is so hampered with a bad cause , his mind can never go along with it , and he never makes any thing of it : but a fool hardly knows whether he is right or whether he is wrong ; a bad argument is as convincing to his mind as a good one ; he gets confused and confuses others ; never places or sees the prominent features of the case in their true light ; and having great zeal at the same time , he makes an appearance of something like a good defence . '' This appeared to me the condition of Mr. Attorney General upon this occasion : he was a good lawyer in a bad cause : he was perplexed in the extreme ; and so hampered by his legal science , and ability , and good sense , that at the last he gave it up altogether . It put him in mind of what he had seen in the country ; A poor ass on a common with a great stiff thistle : he takes it in his mouth and puts it out again ; then puts his nose to it and pricks his nose ; then he paws it a little ; then gets hold of the stalk and nibbles the stalk a little . At length , having turned and twisted it about for some time and made his nose sore , he looks wistfully at and abandons it altogether . Mr. Attorney did not , however , abandon easily his client ; though heavily loaded , he staggered on and toiled over many a dreary waste ; over 'many a frozen , many a fiery Alp , and many a region dolorous : ' till at last , quite overpowered , like Christian in the Pilgrim 's Progress , be got fast set in the Slough of Despond , where he left h. r. h. up to his neck in mud , and all the placemen , pensioners , and antijacobins in England will never be able to pull him out . Finding his situation thus hopeless , he ended by an appeal to the compassionate feelings of the house . This he thought by no means a time for such an appeal . But it was of importance to mark the circumstance , because it afforded another proof of the impossibility of making out any thing like a 374 reasonable defence