recollect it will doubtless admit . He was first asked , `` Have you got any account of checks of his royal highness the Duke of York that were sent into your house by the 227 late Messrs. Birkett of Princes-street ? Not any . Being afterwards asked , You have stated that you have examined Messrs Birkett 's account , and find in that account no checks whatever by his royal highness , as having passed through your hand ? '' he gives the following answer , `` My instructions were to see what checks were drawn by Birkett 's and Dockery in favour of Mrs. Clarke , which I have done . '' Here then , was a witness from whom nothing was obtained to support Mrs. Clarke ; and it was clear , that the Duke of York had had nothing to do with the payment to Birketts . The whole of this was , like the rest of Mrs. Clarke 's assertions , a mere fabrication . At length , however , Mr. Timothy Dockery , who had been , first the journeyman , and afterwards the partner , of Mr. Birkett , was called to state his knowledge of the transaction ; and his evidence , though very far from being willing , at once terminated the triumph of those honourable and learned gentlemen . Respecting the examination of this service of plate by the Duke of York and Mrs. C. previous to the purchase , Mr. Dockery had no recollection , and he had no knowledge with respect to the bargain . `` The bargain concerning that plate was not made in my presence . '' He at that time held only the place of journeyman in the house , and therefore may have been really unacquainted with the terms of the bargain . As however , he was soon afterwards taken in as partner , it is very difficult to believe that he was absolutely ignorant not only of the real purchaser , but of the terms upon which the purchase was made . Nothing , however , on that point , could be extracted from him , and if his then master , Mr. Birkett , had ever mentioned the customer he had had the good fortune to meet with for this plate , ( a circumstance in itself highly probable ) he did not recollect any thing about the matter . The first thing he admitted he knew , was , that the plate was purchased from Mr. Birkett . This , as he must have assisted in delivering the plate , was no very extraordinary piece of information . As to the sum to be paid for it , he knew nothing but by referring to the book . He did not know that any part of it was sent to Gloucester-place for inspection , nor could he recollect either Mrs. C. or the D. of Y. calling at the shop for that purpose . Respecting the payments , his memory was better , `` Do you recollect any 228 thing with regard to the payment for that plate ? `` Yes ; 500l . was paid at the time the plate was delivered , and the remainder was settled by bills at different dates . The 500l . was not paid to myself , but it was paid , I believe , to Mr . Birkett . '' `` Do you know by whom it was paid ? '' `` I do not . '' Thus far Mr. Dockery 's testimony cast no light upon the matter , it was still involved in mystery , for the D. of Y. was still out of sight . Not a word was dropped by which he could be implicated by the evidence of this witness , any more than by that of the clerk of Messrs. Marsh and Co. At length Mr. Dockery , who had not any knowledge of the party who had paid the 500l. , told the house , that the remainder was paid in bills drawn by Mrs. Clarke . There we got a step further .