principle of this address ? against him especially , who is proved by such unanswerable testimony to have adopted such strenuous measures for the suppression of those very abuses which he is accused of having connived at ; who has devoted so much attention to the reformation of the system which he is charged with having abused ; and whose regulations have in every instance tended to preclude , beat down , and destroy those very practices , the commission and concealment of which are charged against him , as his crimes ? Will the house , against him , proceed upon the principle of this address , and , leaving it matter of doubt whether they find him guilty or not guilty of the main charge , insist upon his removal without ascertaining the grounds of it ? Is it not due to this royal person , would it not be due ( I repeat ) , to any man , is it not essentially right in itself , that you should not thus dismiss him from the high and important posts which he fills ? Leaving doubtful in his own mind , doubtful in the mind of his friends , doubtful to the present age and to the latest posterity , 57 whether the offence of which you thought him guilty , was some neglect of office , more or less excusable from the weight and multiplicity of the business which belonged no it , or the grossest and basest corruption which ever degraded a public character , or dishonoured a man . I say , sir , the grossest , and basest corruption , which ever degraded or dishonoured a man ; for there is no character of infamy which can be given to the offence , if proved , that I would not be ready to ascribe to it ; there is no character of degradation or disgrace , that does not attach to it . There is nothing , no , -nothing that belongs even to the witnesses who have appeared at your bar , which would not be virtue as committed by them , when compared with the crime Of the D. of Y. , if their evidence against him is true . But if the crime of the accused personage would be so greatly aggravated by his rank ; are we not to take into consideration also what is due to him , or rather what is due to the public , on account of that rank ? Let us recollect who it is that we are called upon to dismiss from our bar and send forth into the world with a doubtful character ; let us recollect that it is a person not only high in office and in rank. , but one whose birth places him so near the crown , that events , however much to be deprecated , yet quite within the reach of possible , nay , almost probable occurrence , may one day call him to the throne itself . Shall we then , with such a possibility before us , leave it doubtful and uncertain , whether this high personage has or has not , in the opinion of this house , been found clear of all public guilt , or has been disgraced by the lowest and most infamous corruption ? I am sure there is not an honest or just feeling in the house , that will not go along with me in condemning and deprecating so unfair , so timid , and yet so dangerous a course ; a course which would , for ever disgrace and destroy the character of this house in the eyes of the country . The charge is unquestionably one of the most serious that has ever been submitted to the consideration of parliament . And shall it , upon such an occasion , upon so solemn , so important , so momentous an occasion , be said , even if those who introduced such a charge , shrink from the task of executing their full duty upon it , that this House has shrunk from it ,