owed so much to it , and had , together with his colleagues , built his very existence , and that of his party , upon its influence and operation . It had been insinuated from the same quarter , that the illustrious personage , whose , conduct was then arraigned , might come ultimately to the crown—such an observation was improper , it formed no part of their 551 consideration ; at that moment his royal highness appeared before them in the character of an officer of the public , and in that character only had they a right to consider him . He did not wish to occupy more of the time of the house , particularly as there seemed such an anxiety to come to an immediate decision ; he hoped , however , that before that decision was funned , many independent country gentlemen would deliver their sentiments , very few of whom had spoken . Though he did not agree in every word of the original motion , he agreed to it upon the whole . An hon . gent , had said , that one might be inclined to vote for one case , and one for another , and yet both be required to vote for the Address . This he had said was an objection to it , but it was the very reason why he ( lord Stanley ) liked it ; different people might prefer different roads in going to Oxford , but that could be no reason why , when they had met there , they should not agree together . A right hon . gent . had said , that it was natural for a woman living as Mrs. Clarke had done , not to refuse any money offered to her upon the supposition of her influence ; but the house was in possession of evidence , which proved that the supposition had some foundation ; indeed it was so strong , that he did think the Duke of York guilty of corruption , and he was perfectly ready to vote for any measure which should inflict upon him the punishment he deserved . —I can not agree with the noble lord who has just sat down , that his royal highness 's letter has placed the house in so distressing a situation of restraint . It may sharpen the pain of his royal highness 's own feelings , in case he should be found guilty ; but I have not observed it has softened the asperity of the noble lord 's remarks under the gallery ( lord Folkestone ) nor damped the vehemence of the hon . gent . 's declamatory eloquence upon the floor , ( Mr. Whitbread ) nor has it influenced the opinion of the noble lord himself , unless it could be supposed to have drawn from him the very candid declaration at the close , that he would not impute to his royal highness the acts of Mrs. Clarke after the cessation of all intercourse between them.—From the course of argument adopted by several gentlemen , I should think , the true nature of the question is by no means understood . The Address on which we are now to vote declares , that there is no ground on which 552 to charge his royal highness with personal corruption , but that the abuses proved , could hardly have existed without exciting his suspicion ; and even if they could be presumed to have existed without his knowledge , ( substituting knowledge for suspicion ) still the command of the army could not be properly continued in his hands , & c. The question on which the house should be called upon to vote , ought to be plain , simple , and intelligible ; and decide clearly , whether his royal highness is or is not guilty of the charge , Aye or No . By the Address proposed , whoever votes for it , substantially says this , `` I acquit him of `` personal corruption ; but I suspect he `` must have suspected Mrs. Clarke 's cor- ''