made against the conduct which had been pursued , in some instances , during this important discussion . The hon . bart . had been pretty profuse of his advice to , and his censure on , the Legal Gentlemen on both sides of the house , and he had not always clothed his observations in the most modest or delicate terms . If I could venture to imitate the hon . bart. , and to give advice where it was not asked , I should suggest to him , that the speech he had lately delivered was that which did the least credit to his judgment or his taste ; that it seems to me , that the pleasantry at which the hon . bart . had laboured , was not worth the pains it cost him ; and that , in future , I should advise him to restrain his efforts after humour , and prudently adhere to his sounding phrases , and serious declamation . But the hon . bart. , I am aware , is not without a motive for assuming this derisory tone : he has acted not unwisely in endeavouring , though rather unsuccessfully , to ridicule the professors of the law , and slight their opinions . The hon . bart . felt , that , if this case was to be considered on the principles of our national rights ; if the evidence was to be here weighed in the scales of common justice ; if the credit of witnesses was to be measured by the usual standards ; he felt , I say , that his opinions never could prevail , that his conclusions never could be established . When , therefore , the hon . bart . appeared to sneer at lawyers , he was , in fact , sneering at the law itself ; which , on the present occasion , it suited his purpose to depreciate . He knows , Sir , as well as I do , that if the 432 law stands our guide and beacon ; if in this trial , as in all others , we steer by its unsullied light ; there is indeed no hope of triumph for him ; and he feels it prudent to depreciate the suffrages of those , whose learning might detect , and whose eloquence could expose , his errors . But is the study of the law the only one , of all the employments and businesses of mankind , which imparts a peculiar character , and fixes an indelible mark on the human mind ? Does , for instance , the hon . bart . mean to say that the trade or calling of being a Candidate , which he has so long pursued , might not affect his judgment and tinge his opinions ? Will it be denied , that the habit of flattering popular feelings , and of catching the applause of the multitude , might influence the mind , especially on an occasion in which popular passions had been so violently excited ? The one observation , I am sure , is as well founded as the other . The purpose of our assembling here , the very essential nature of a debate , is , that we may influence the sentiments of each other : and I trust , the house , and , in its sober mind , the country , will agree with me in thinking , that , when the question is to determine upon the credit of witnesses , and the weight of testimony , we should defer to the judgments of those ( if of any ) who have made such objects the study of their lives ; and should bestow at least as much confidence on the practitioners of Westminster-hall , as on the orators of Covent Garden and Brentford . ( Loud acclamations of hear ! hear ! ) Before I proceed to a larger consideration of the subject , there is one point which I must bring to the notice of the house ; and it is one upon which I really wish