who were produced as witnesses in support of the Charges , but not to those who were called to contradict them . When he considered the objections which , now that the Inquiry was almost terminated , had such an influence on the advocates for the Duke of York relative to the non examination of the witnesses upon oath , he had , without at all admitting the validity of their argument , sincerely to regret that the evidence was not received under the influence of such an obligation . If that had been the case , the house , he was convinced , would have heard of none of those alleged contradictions , for this best reason , that , under such circumstances , no such questions could have been put as were put , with the real purpose of producing those very contradictions on which it was attempted at present to lay such stress . The house would not then have beard of this irrelevant Inquiry as to time and place , and motive , and those other numerous questions which were each a cause in itself , and tended to a direct and different issue , at the same time , that in no manner affected the investigation in which it was employed . Every witness who came to be examined in a cause , had been interrogated previously as to the matter at issue ; but the witnesses who came to that house on such a question as this , did not come prepared to state particulars with such ac- 484 curacy , as , upon further recollection and preparation , they might be enabled to do . For instance , Mrs. Clarke had not come prepared to state how many times she had visited Mrs. Favery . He was surprised to hear the honourable and learned judge opposite ( Mr. Burton ) state matters which shewed evidently that he had blotted every thing out of his memory which he must have learned and have practised in the course of his official duties . It had not yet been sufficiently explained by these learned lawyers , what was actually the improbable part of the testimony ; for his part , he could not help thinking there was nothing at all improbable in it ; for when he looked into the letter of the Duke of York that had been produced , he discovered fully as much improbability in it as in the whole statements of Mrs. Clarke . It was upon the conviction of her testimony , coupled with that of Miss Taylor and Mr. Dowler , by which it was corroborated , that he should be induced to give the vote he intended to give , namely for the original Address . It would be unnecessary , and indeed a waste of time , to restate the evidence , and therefore he should only observe , that , as to Dowler , he had a right to say he stood uncontradicted . As to the case of Dr. O'Meara , he could hardly take upon himself to say what was done ; but it was evident , that through Mrs. Clarke he was put in a situation in which he was likely to be promoted . An endeavour was made to raise an alarm , lest that house should submit to the influence of a popular clamour . By whom was this alarm expressed ? by those very servants of the Crown , who scarce two years ago , not only threatened the Parliament , within those walls , with what they called an appeal to the sense of the people ; but afterwards ventured to carry that menace into effect . ( Loud cries of hear ! hear ! hear ! ) And at what moment did they now deprecate popular influence ? not until they Saw the v effect of the course which was adopted upon their own recommendation ; not till they found the current of the public mind setting against their object ; a current set in motion by that publicity of the proceedings on this subject , which they professed