mine . They viewed things through one medium , I through another . My object was such as I am bound to believe theirs to have been . My endeavours are , as I am bound to suppose theirs are , directed to the attainment of justice ; and through the medium of justice , of tranquillity to the public mind . There have perhaps been many occasions on which my honourable friend had a right to expect assistance from the learned members on the other side of the house , but it has not been afforded to him on any . Again , sir , the Chancellor of the Exchequer has alledged unmanliness of conduct against my hon . friend , for the manner in which he has thought proper to shape his address . He does not scruple to say of him , that he now flies off , that he flinches from that ; with which he had , at first , the rashness to charge the D. of Y. , that he shrinks from the execution of his duty , that he meanly endeavours to dispose of the whole by a measure framed with complicated ambiguity . Has he indeed done so ? Has he flinched from the Charges which he has exhibited against the D. of Y. ? Do the advocates of h. r. h. really think so ? Does my hon . friend 168 acknowledge that he has left the Charges unproved ? Does he not assert that he has now given full proof that the D. of Y. knew the transactions , in which Mrs. C. was engaged for military promotions , in the name , and under the auspices of h. r. h. ? Does he not say that he has proved a direct communication from Mrs. C. to h. r. h. of the names of those whom she wished to have promoted in the army ; that he promised to promote them ; that they were actually promoted ; and that there appeared , for some of such promotions , n * reason upon earth , except the recommendation of Mrs. C. ? Does he not manfully say that these things are proved r Weil then , what objection does there lie against my hon . friend on the ground of manly conduct in debate ? what would his opponents have of him ? But it seems that the manner in which the address moved by my hon . friend is worded , is obnoxious to every sort of reproach . It is stated by the . learned judge to be fraught with cruelty and injustice : and the right hon . gent , has characterized it as adopted for the purpose of presenting an insidious alternative , with a view to catch the straggling votes of those , who , disbelieving the accusation , may have public or personal motives for wishing for the removal of the D. of Y . Can there be any persons , members of this house , to whom the imputation conveyed by such condemnation of the motion will apply ? Upon whom has the right hon . gent . fixed his eye ? Sir , I disclaim , as a supporter of the address , the motives ascribed to the mover for the construction of it , by both those learned gentlemen . I conceive , that it is highly commendable for its temperance and moderation . It conveys indeed , a direct , and clear communication to the throne , on the conduct of the D. of Y. , but in language , such as I presume to think ought , upon such an occasion , to be used at the foot of the throne . It speaks of the Commander in Chief , in terms which convey no personal disrespect : and in which neither the dignity of the sovereign , nor the feelings of the father , are insulted . How whimsical are the objections urged against my hon . friend ! The right hon . gent . now objects , or , affects to object , to the address ,