by way of Resolution than Address . could not help expressing his surprise at the inconsistency of those gentlemen , who wished that the house should pronounce a specific opinion upon the question of Aye or No . In an early stage of the proceedings , they objected to pronounce upon the evidence without due inquiry , and now they are called upon to declare the innocence of the party accused . For his own part , he was prepared to come to a vote of guilty or not guilty , and he did not conceive it to be the duty of the house to express their opinion of other matters , which were not charges . He preferred Resolutions to an Address , because in the former the house could express the grounds on which they came to their de- 658 terminations . The whole country was ringing with the abuses committed in the department of which his royal highness was at the head . He trusted that these abuses would be inquired into and corrected before they came to a specific vote on the Duke of York 's guilt or innocence . observed , that he should not now go into the subject , but said he could not approve that a line should be chalked out by his majesty 's ministers , as to what should now be the course of proceeding adopted by that house . Certain allegations or charges had been brought before them , and they knew best in what manner it would be fitting to dispose of them . With regard to the existence of abuses and corrupt practices , no man in ; that house could have a rational doubt upon his mind , and it was equally true that the Duke of York , whether knowing or not knowing , was an accessary to those abuses , because they happened where he ought to have had a paramount controul . Now , it was by no means material to the question of the existence of abuses that the Duke of York was innocent of them ; still their existence was more than enough to give the country a right to demand and expect that the house should look to those abuses , and speedily and efficiently remedy them . Some of the good old practices of parliament were getting into disuse : formerly it was the custom to propose , that , previous to any Vote of Supply , that house should inquire into the State of the Nation , and redress its grievances . He wished , if that good old custom was not to be revived , at least that its principle would , in the present instance , be applied ; and that the house would think with him , that the speedily remedying the gross public abuses which had prevailed , was an object than which none demanded a prior investigation . Yet when abuses were in the present instance proved to exist , they were called on to do justice to the Duke as a paramount duty ; but sent there , as they were , for the people , was there any subject , however exalted , that had any paramount claim on them in particular more than another ? was proceeding to comment upon the evidence , when symptoms of impatience appearing in the house , the worthy baronet good humouredly observed , that he could take a hint as readily as any one , and that he understood the present one so well , that he wished merely to be allowed to state his view of the evidence in general ; 659 with that statement he would conclude , and it should he in one sentence , simply this , that from his view of the evidence , there did not appear to be sufficient grounds to enable them to give a verdict either of Guilty or of not Guilty ; and therefore he could not assent to the motion which had been proposed by the right hon . the Chancellor of the Exchequer . rose , merely for the purpose of explaining