that confirmed the testimony of Mrs. Clarke , was the production of the Duke of York 's letters to her , as well as the production of the Letters , of which she had no idea that they existed , and the Note which had been so much disputed . He was ready to give every credit for their candour and impartiality to those , who , in commenting upon the evidence , did not appear to have sufficiently attended to these documents ; but gentlemen should recollect , that when they were acting as judges , they should not have forgotten to have summed up all the evidence . It was very material to keep these Letters , and especially the mysterious Note in view , in considering how far the testimony of Mrs. Clarke was corroborated , because it appeared from them that there had been a long and habitual interference on the part of Mrs. Clarke in military matters . And when gentlemen contended , that the evidence of Mrs. Clarke was not to be believed , it was impossible not to suppose that they would have felt themselves bound to endeavour to shew , that these documents contradicted her testimony . He would ask the right hon . gentlemen whether , when they supposed at first that these letters found in the possession of Mr. Sandon , and the letttrs procured from Mr. Nichol , afforded the best means to invalidate the testimony of Mrs. Clarke , they can shew why , with all their sagacity , research , and power of inquiry , they had yet left these documents entirely out of the view they had taken of the question ? He should next say a few words with respect to the arguments which had been drawn from the consideration of the expence of the establishment , of Gloucester-place . For himself , he could never bring himself to believe that the Duke of York had looked to the money arising from the corrupt Disposal of army promotions as a supply for his expenditure . As to the statement made by Mrs. Clarke at the bar , that the Duke of York had told her that if she was cunning , she never need ask him for money , and that she had more power than the 585 queen , he begged pardon of the house , but the thing was in itself so improbable that he could not give credit to it . The Duke might , he could suppose , have done something short of this . Mrs. Clarke , it appeared , had been in great distress , and teazed and hunted by her tradesmen ; and it was probable that under such circumstances the Duke of York might not have exerted himself with sufficient jealousy and vigilance in watching the proceedings of Mrs. Clarke , to prevent her from pursuing her corrupt practices . He would admit , that with the large income which he possessed , he might not have calculated with accuracy the expences of that establishment . With respect to the case of col. Knight , the chief importance of it was , that it proved that there had been a generally prevalent persuasion that promotions in the army could be obtained by corrupt means ; and nothing could be so injurious to the service and army than that an opinion should prevail , that what ought only to be the reward of merit or services , could be obtained by the base and mean artifices which , as appeared , were resorted to.—As to the case of Mr. Dowler , which was a very important one , though he could not believe that that gentleman , who was proved to have had an intimate connection with Mrs. Clarke , had paid her 1,000l . for procuring him his place , he thought it manifest that she had induced the Duke of York to procure that place for a man whom she loved better . He never could suppose that the appointment had been obtained through sir Brook Watson , his habits and those of Mr. Dowler having