with the attention they merited . On the supposition , therefore , that , as had been proved by the evidence at the bar , the army patronage had been corruptly disposed of , and , according to the general notion , that the same corrupt interference had been extended by the Duke of York 's mistress to the other public departments of the state , it was clear that his royal highness must also have known the circumstance . It was impossible , that , with his education , his royal highness could have been ignorant that the mistresses of princes were in every instance the 580 sources and the means of corruption . He must have known , if at all acquainted with history , that this had been unfortunately the case in France , and even in this country , at no very remote period of its history . It was a notorious fact , that the mistresses of princes usually kept a sort of shop for the sale of the favours of the crown . But , if it was true , as bad been staled by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Yorke ) , that Mrs. Clarke had lived with an army-agent or broker before she went to live with the Duke , and that her antecedent experience had enabled her successfully to carry on her corrupt practices ; he must observe , that this circumstance should , above all others , have put his royal highness upon his guard against her artifices and corrupt views , because he must have known what were her old habits , and that on any favourable opportunity she would not fail to indulge them . His royal highness was aware that Mrs. Clarke was often extremely distressed ; he must have been sensible , that the prospect of relief would have encouraged her to engage in this criminal traffic ; that she was open to the temptation , and was likely to avail herself of it whenever an occasion should be afforded . It appeared too , that she had been in the habit of applying from time to time to his royal highness for his patronage , in favour of persons of various ranks and professions , whom she did not even know . When the house considered all these circumstances separately , and afterwards weighed their accumulated effect , gentlemen must be astonished that they should never once have excited the suspicion of his royal highness . There did appear in the evidence of Corri a circumstance that he could not help thinking also went to shew how unlikely it was that the Duke could have been wholly free from suspicion of her practices ; where Corri stated , that a few months before the connection was broke off , Mrs. Clarke had ordered Corri to burn all her letters and papers , and acknowledged that the Duke had heard something which had transpired , and that he was very angry , and that they might be brought before the house . This circumstance shewed , that some suspicions had then been excited as to some facts , which may have come to light , and flashed conviction upon the mind of his royal highness . His royal highness , however , seemed not to have been aware of the opportunity he enjoyed to consult those excellent and honourable men by whom he 581 was surrounded , as to the means to prevent Mrs. Clarke from imposing upon his weakness by rendering his attachment to her person subservient to her corrupt practices . On the contrary , he appeared to have kept them in the dark upon these subjects ; and there was one circumstance to which he would particularly advert , to shew that this had been uniformly the case . When he received the letter from Mrs. Sutherland , requesting that the resignation of Major Turner might not be accepted for some time , in order that a lady , to whom he was represented as having behaved ill , might know where to find him , he put that letter into