subject of conversation at her table , and that it was a matter which she conducted with so little caution that it must have been known to every servant in her house ; that she pinned the list of promotions to the curtain of her bed , so that all who could read might read it , and tell it to them who could not ; this marks such an inconsistency of proceeding , that it is quite manifest that the secrecy inculcated , pending the transactions , was enforced in order to prevent the Duke from coining to the knowledge of the proceedings , to keep her agents and those she imposed upon equally in the dark , while on the other hand , the publicity , the openness , the disclosure at her table and to her whole family , is now brought forward to this house in order to fix , what it is the whole object of the case and of her as the accuser , namely , to use every means to get the Duke 's knowledge of the corrupt part of the transaction to be believed.— This contradiction of testimony between her and the other witnesses , taken in a general view , without entering into particular contradictions , is most important in the consideration of this case , and when cou- 328 pled with the minute facts and circumstances of inconsistency which have been established against her , shakes her credit to the foundation . There is another most important view of this subject , as it regards the character of the evidence . Mrs. C. is to prove the fact , that Knight 's exchange , that French 's levy , that Tonyn 's promotion , were obtained by her influence ; but this by itself is mere interference without corruption , and although this might be supposed to warrant such a motion as has been opened by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Bathurst ) on which I shall make some observations hereafter ; it does not establish the crime of corruption in the D. of Y. which Mrs. C. as his accuser was determined to make good ; to do that she must make good his knowledge of her corrupt transactions ; she therefore is to prove that the Duke knew that she took money . It is perfectly clear that her saying so would not be sufficient to establish by credible testimony the existence of that knowledge , and that taken by itself , in a case where no contradiction could be given to it , where she had such avowed motives for such a charge , and where the whole tenor of the Duke 's official duty repelled the inference , it must fall to the ground . The plan of the evidence is therefore to endeavour by corroborating facts and confirmatory proof to give effect to her declarations of the Duke 's knowledge of her guilt , and consequently to fix his guilt . Accordingly in all the cases , more or less , her evidence is attempted to be aided in this way , by confirmatory proof . Now if the corroboration is sound ; if the confirmatory evidence is clear and certain , the declarations , absurd and incredible as they are , would have something to support them . Even the declaration which she gave in evidence , that the Duke said , '' if she was clever she need never want money , '' might receive some credit and obtain some belief , if supported by collateral and confirmatory facts ; but if on the contrary the corroborating facts , which are all of her suggesting , all equally brought forward by her the accuser , are unsound , if they will not bear the test , but fall from under her , then no credit whatever is to be given to her declarations of the Duke 's knowledge of her corruption ; on the contrary , all belief of it must be refused , and the whole must vanish as a false fabricated story . Having no basis but that