have appeared before us ; and whether that which will remain , when we have decided against the charge of corruption , and upon which we shall have to mark our dissatisfaction , regret , and displeasure , is such as to require that we should address his majesty for the removal of h. r. h. ; or , whether it will be sufficient to express our regret for the past and our hope for the future , in such manner as may enable his majesty , consistently with the honour of h. r. h. and of the army , to retain him in his present situation.—I trust the house will adopt the latter : and I do feel persuaded , that the house can not be disposed to confound so much all the faults and distinctions between one offence and another , as to give sanction to the principle on which the address of the hon . gent , proceeds . The foundation , and the whole matter of the hon . gent . 's Address is , that if the D. of Y. is guilty of corruption , he ought to be removed ; but that if he is not guilty , it must be the same ; in short , that whether he is guilty of base corruption in the discharge of his public duty ; or whether he is guilty of having yielded most unhappily to a most unworthy connection , his punishment should be equal ! —such a 148 total want of discrimination and distinction between one offence and another , so pernicious to the best interests of justice and of morals , I do confidently feel , that it is impossible for this house to adopt . When the House has disposed of the first great question of public and official guilt , ( a question which I conceive to be in its nature purely judicial , and which I trust , they will dispose of on judicial principles , with the severity of judges determining conscientiously on the evidence , ) they will then consider the remaining question , as no longer a judicial one ; not to be disposed of on the strict principles of judicial severity , but upon principles of general policy and expediency.— I am far , sir , from being desirous of conveying an opinion , that policy should generally be considered as wholly separated from morality and religion , or even as not being most intimately blended and united with them ; or that , in this particular case , political considerations connected with the individual , whose conduct is the subject of our enquiry , should exclude either those feelings or those expressions , which considerations of morality and religion may suggest.—I mean no such thing ; policy , as well as a sense of what is due to morality requires of us , that the facts which have appeared before us , should not pass unnoticed ; and therefore the acquital of h. r. h. from all charge of public delinquency , so as to render his removal from office wholly unnecessary , could not , without some expression of our feelings , on the other parts of the case , be a satisfactory , a seemly , or a justifiable termination of this enquiry.—But what I do mean is , that when we do enter into the consideration of what may be proper to be done in respect of this part of the case ; called upon by what we conceive to be due to a sense of public morals and of religion ; we should not only not forget to have some indulgence for human frailties as a part of our morality , and with whatever severity we ought to judge ourselves , that in judging of others , charity is a part of our religion , and therefore temper and measure out our justice accordingly ; —but that we should also , feeling as statesmen upon this particular question of what is to be done towards the Duke , take into our gravest consideration , the circumstances of expediency and policy ,