it shall remain as it is ? . `` — '' I really do not understand it , I must confess . `` —This is Mr. Sandon 's account of the note . As to Mrs. C. 's understanding of this note , if it was a forgery , she would not be very ready to acknowledge any recollection of it ; and she tells us , she has not the slightest recollection of such a note ; that she was so careful of the notes she received from the Duke of York , that it was impossible for her ever to have let any paper of his come into the hands of capt . Sandon.—Now it must be recollected , that at the time when Sandon tells you this note was used , Mrs. Clarke was in danger of losing the money : —Could she have forgotten that circumstance ? —If she had written to the D. of Y. respecting maj. 108 Tonyn , for the purpose of securing the money , and had received this note in answer , and authorised Sandon to shew it , is it possible she should not have recollected it ? —The house may not be disposed to lay any stress upon the evidence of a witness who has disgraced himself , like capt . Sandon ; but it is all we have upon the subject . If we do not refer to his evidence , we have nothing to refer to ; —Mrs . C. can not help us , or will not help us , which comes to the same thing ; and capt . Sandon further tells us , the note was to prove to maj. Tonyn , that if he took away the money , he would lose his promotion ; and then again , that it was to make him believe it was going on.—The note , without external circumstances to explain it , is wholly unintelligible ; the circumstances with which we are furnished by the witnesses , increase rather than remove the difficulty of understanding it . If you can not refer to any evidence which is to prove when the note was used , or for what purpose it was written , you may let your imaginations loose ; you may guess , or invent , any explanation of it ; but that will not be proof , it will be mere conjecture ; and it is not upon conjecture that this house will convict the D. of Y. , or any man whatever , of corruption . But these observations only shew , that capt . Sandon 's explanations and history of the note are not satisfactory , —I will now shew the house that they are impossible . Capt . Sandon tells you , that the note , when he received it from Mrs. C , was wrapped up in the cover of another letter ; that , some days before maj. Tonya 's promotion was in the Gazette , he shewed the note to maj. Tonyn ; and that he , in consequence , did say he would wait some days longer . Now , sir , this is impossible . Maj. Tonyn 's promotion was gazetted on the nineteenth of July , 1804 ; but the cover of the other letter , in which capt . Sandon says he received the note from Mrs. C. has the Dover-post mark of the twenty-second of July . It is therefore utterly impossible , that any note which he received from Mrs. C. in that cover , could have been shewn by him to maj. Tonyn before he was gazetted . Connected with this note , it is necessary to refer to a letter from Mrs. C to capt . Sandon , which appears among capt . Sandon 's letters , in page 378 of the printed evidence ; —that letter appears to have been written by Mrs. C. from Weybridge , on the Thursday preceding the Saturday , 109 when the promotion of capt . Tonyn took effect ; the letter has these words in it : `` He has ordered him (