other , and witnesses may be sometimes taunted and provoked into answers , which a cool by stander may think improper , but of which the full advantage sought , ought not to be 186 allowed to those who have questioned them . I was led to the observation upon the advantage possessed by the hearers , over the readers of evidence from a re-collection of that part of the speech of the Chancellor of the Exchequer , wherein he dwelt upon the contradiction given to Mrs. C , relative to the condition in life of her husband , by Mr. Stowers . I ought to apologize to the right hon . gent , for having interrupted him , and given him the trouble to read the whole of that evidence through . But the impression upon me , that Stowers intended to apply his answer , to the last question proposed to him , `` You know nothing about the matter of your own knowledge ? '' `` I do not , '' to the whole of his previous examination , was so strong , that I could not resist it . I admit that , had I simply read the minutes , I might have supposed , the question and answer cited , referred exclusively to the period of her having parted with her husband . So I must leave it . Myself persuaded that the answer of Stowers referred to the whole of his evidence ; but admitting that , as it stands , the words may be limited to a part of it only ; that the condition in life of Mrs. C. 's husband has , in itself , nothing to do with the question , is clear . Let it be recollected too , that in all her answers to that point , she spoke with much guard , and qualified them by a reference to what he had told her . Of all the attempts made to contradict Mrs. C , winch I have enumerated , none appear to mo , to have been successful . Some of them have triumphantly established her most doubtful , and improbable assertions . The Chancellor of the Exchequer , after stating the more general contradictions to the assertions made by Mrs. Clarke , has dwelt at considerable length and with great force upon the contradictions which are given to her repeated affirmations , that she did not desire the transactions in which she engaged , to be kept secret from the D. of Y. ; and in the case of Brooke and Knight , the right hon . gent . finds two or three witnesses who flatly contradict her on this point . The right hon . gent , admits that my hon . friend , who spoke immediately after the learned judge in this debate , ( Mr. Curwen ) has made a very fair remark . I think the remark fair , and the argument which arises out of it , unanswerable . It is this . Such injunctions to secrecy were utterly inconsistent with the story which she 187 told to these persons , of her being able to obtain the favours for which they paid her , by means of her influence over the D. of Y. only ; and that to pretend that all this must be kept from the D. of Y. , was to mar her own plot , and to declare her own inability to perform her engagements . The right hon . gent . has not been able to get over that remark . After all the labour he has bestowed upon it , it remains in the force it originally possessed : proving that the witnesses cited by the right hon . gent . must have mistaken general injunctions of secrecy , for such particular cautions respecting the Duke himself , as the words did not imply . Dr. Thynne tells you that she talked a great deal about secrecy , and the danger of the affair transpiring . `` Whether she meant the secret to be kept from the D. of Y. as well as