a minute circumstance which merits observation . Dr. Thynne tells us , that he gave in the names of Brooke and Knight , with an account of the exchange desired , upon a slip of paper to Mrs. C. Mrs. C. informs us , without any attempt having been made to shew a conspiracy between her and Dr. Thynne , or her knowledge of what Dr. Thynne had said , that she gave the Duke of York the slip of paper delivered to her by Dr. Thynne after dinner . Mrs. C. says , she received the compliment in a bank note of 200l. , which note she shewed to the Commander in Chief ; and , `` she thinks she got it changed by one of his servants , through h. r. h. '' The right hon . gent . has bestowed a great deal of labour upon this part of the evidence . He has assumed more than is the fact . 199 Mrs. C. , you will observe , thinks only that she got the note changed by one of the D. of Y . 's servants . The right hon . gent . argues as if she had all along positively asserted it . Then Ludowick Orramin was called to prove that he was the only one of the Duke 's servants who ever attended in Gloucester-place ; and that he never , upon any occasion , got change for a bank note whilst there . I think it quite clear , that he did not get change for the bank note in question ; but , from subsequent testimony , it appears to me equally clear , that his memory fails him as to his not having got change at any time for any note . Sir , there is a troublesome witness in this part of the case ; one David Pierson , whom it became necessary for the chancellor of the exchequer and the learned judge to remove before they could make their way . To knock his brains out was impossible . He had none . But he was to be destroyed as a witness ; and the right hon . gent . has thought proper to impeach his testimony , because he came to amend his evidence on a day following that of his first examination ; and because , as he would insinuate , his illness was altogether pretended ; and that he had concerted his second appearance with Mrs. C. Sir , of all the preposterous suppositions that ever were hazarded , that of a conspiracy between Mrs. C. and David Pierson , appears to me to be the most so . Why , Sir , the whole evidence goes to disprove the possibility of a conspiracy , if such a thing had been pre-supposed . Sir , I am simpleton enough to believe , that Pierson did labour under the infirmity which he has stated the first time he was called to the bar ; that he did then forget the circumstance of his having been sent to get a large bank note changed , and that , what he afterwards told you , of his having been sent to get a note of considerable value changed , and that he did get it changed at some one of the places he mentioned , is true . The right hon . gent . has asserted , that Mrs. C. , after the examination of Ludowick , shaped her evidence so as , in some degree , to make it meet his , as well as to introduce the second evidence of Pierson . I believe that whatever opinion may have been formed of Mrs. C. in other respects , no one takes her to be a fool ; and yet , if the assertion of the right hon . gent . be true , she must be one of the most foolish women that ever lived . Look at the way in which she introduces this second evidence of Pierson . This cunning contriver of 200 the conspiracy tells you , that she had seen the person ,