house ; the house can not forget it , for they can not forget the impression which it made upon them at the time : Perhaps , sir , they might wish to forget , but they can not but remember how indulgently they tolerated her jokes ; how they seemed to forget her vice in her wit ; and be almost reconciled to her infamy , by her manner of displaying it . I dwell upon these circumstances as a caution to ourselves against being misled , to give credit to such a witness . But , sir , beyond this , let the house in candour and in justice , well consider , if this cleverness was able to impose upon us in public so successfully , what must have been its effects in private ? This art and ability which we have witnessed so successful amongst ourselves : how must they have enabled her to practise on the credulity of a person , not yet apprized , as we all are , of her worthlessness ; and biassed and prejudiced in her favour by the affection which , he unfortunately indulged for her ? How easy must it have been for such a woman as Mrs. C , without any principle of honour or virtue to guide or to restrain her , to impose upon the unsuspecting generosity of h. r. h. ? Can we imagine any thing of deception which such a woman as this , under such circumstance , was not equal to accomplish ? How many , how frequent must have been the opportunities of which she might have availed herself , ( and how few would she suffer to escape her ? ) of looking into his letters , and suggesting topics of conversation ? Can any one suppose , that if at any time it was her object to obtain a knowledge of any military matter , which there was no public reason to conceal , that she would not , with all the facilities afforded by the confidence reposed in her , aided by her own art and dexterity , easily obtain the information which she wanted ? The hon . gent , asked , how was she to have had her information , but from the D. of Y. ? Let me ask in return , when we see before us the nature and extent of the information which she procured , why should the D. of Y. , unless he suspected her object , have the least desire to withhold it ? No man living can say , that in any one instance in which it can be seen that she obtained it , that here was any one reason of public duty that required it to be concealed ; and let me ask again , whether there is any man who has seen this woman 73 at the bar , who will say that , if he had been so weak , so imprudent , so unfortunate , and so immoral , as to attach himself to her society , she might not , without almost any effort of that dissimulation and cunning , which nevertheless must always have been at hand , have obtained from him a knowledge of many things which he might even have desired to have kept secret ? Who is there , the most prepared to fling the first stone at the D. of Y. , who feels such confidence in his own strength , who will lay his hand upon his heart and say , that in similar circumstances with the D. of Y. , he might not have fallen into her snares ? That she might not have drawn from him , without any knowledge or suspicion of her corrupt object , I will not say a secret of state , but such trifles as I have already alluded to ? For what are the facts , the disclosure of which is to convict the D. of Y. with connivance at her practices ? The time when major Tonyn was to be gazetted ; whether his business was to go on