this number there were , according to the original conditions upon which the letter of service was granted , 45 Serjeants also obtained from this Levy . So that the total number gained to the service , was 204 , of which the total expence , as reported to the War Office , was 11,800l . ; but 800l . of this sum being disallowed , gentlemen would see , by calculating , that each man obtained by this Levy , actually cost the country but 41l . 5s. , which , considering the bounty allowed at the time , 267 and the difficulty of raising men for general service , would not be regarded with any such feeling , as the original statement upon this subject was calculated to excite . The hon . gent . concluded with submitting his motion , which was agreed to , and the Return was accordingly brought up . declined moving to rescind the order for a Call of the House , understanding that it was impossible the debate upon the question into which it was just about to enter could be gone through to-night . He therefore thought it necessary to postpone the order for calling over the house until Monday ; and thinking it would be improper to follow up the discussion tomorrow , he would take leave , as it had not been proposed on the other side , to make the usual motion , that the house should on its rising adjourn till Monday . observed , that if he forbore to follow up his notice of moving that this order should be discharged , it was not in consequence of any argument that had fallen from the noble lord . But it was his wish to avoid any discussion that might tend to prolong a debate which had already been prolonged to an unreasonable time , and because it was desirable , for the sake of the illustrious person more immediately concerned ; for the sake of the public mind , which was so much agitated about it ; and through regard to that personage , whose name could not be consistently introduced to influence the debates of that house , that it should be brought to a termination as soon as possible . The house had already been occupied two long nights upon the subject , and he had little doubt that so much sitting up was likely to disable more members from attending the final decision , than the noble lord 's Call was capable of collecting . But he hoped the business would be gone through this night . He really thought that if gentlemen would have patience to attend until eight or nine in the morning , if necessary , it would be practicable to bring the question to a vote by that time . There was nothing in fact occasioned delay so much as the frequent adjournments ; for thus every man at all inclined was afforded opportunity and encouragement to speak , whereas if it was determined to conclude the discussion in one night , gentlemen of moderate talents would be apt to give way . But if the house went on as it had , and supposing only five members , out of every 100 of which it was com- 268 posed , delivered their sentiments , when in the name of common sense was the discussion likely to close ? How few had already spoken considering the length of the debate . But really if gentlemen orators would not contrive to compress their matter within smaller limits , which was very practicable , and confine themselves to a reasonable time , which was highly desirable , he should feel it his duty , perhaps within the present sessions , to move that the two figures at St. Dunstan 's church should be placed upon the clock , in order that their striking should apprise those gentlemen the number of hours in which they occupied the attention of the house , and also to produce an effect which was generally necessary , in order to rouse a drowsy meeting . Although