would not have been able to satisfy the house , by confirming Mrs. Clarke in a thousand instances ? But it is further said , and with some plausibility , that though the grant of the levy might be regular , and blameless , yet that it was continued longer than it ought , after it had failed , and after complaints 37 against it had been transmitted from Ireland . But between the time of those complaints and col. French 's final discharge there elapsed only about two months— an inconsiderable time for further trial ; and let me appeal to the recollection of the house , whether this was not a period that absolutely required every possible exertion to raise men for general service ? The Army of Reserve and Additional Force Acts were in full operation , and these two bills had greatly enervated the powers of recruiting . I may likewise appeal to gentlemen conversant in East India affairs , whether there was not then wanting a large supply for the East Indies , which can only be made by recruits for unlimited service . So that every effort for that purpose , not absolutely hopeless , was worth the trial ; yet , after the short experiment of two months , the Duke did discontinue the levy , though it was very injurious to Mrs. C. 's expectations ; because , according to the evidence of some , she had still to expect more than 600l. , and according to others , who speak of a guinea a man , more than 3,000l. , whilst it might also be ruinous to col. French , and provoke him to bring the whole matter before the public . Let me , then , ask whether this is consistent with any idea that the Duke of York could be acquainted with the corrupt bargain ? The next case which presents itself is that of Tonyn 's Majority , in which it is certain that 200l . was paid to Mrs. Clarke ; but it remains to connect that transaction with the Commander in Chief : yet after all the endeavours to do so , it seems to me impossible . It is most evident that the promotion was obtained through the early recommendation of gen. Tonyn , his father , an old and deserving officer.— It is usual , I believe , as it is just and proper , to attend to similar recommendations . Due attention was paid to it in the present instance , and capt . Tonyn was consequently noted for promotion ; but it did not , in fact , take place , till an augmentation in the army gave occasion to a general and numerous advancement , when the D. of York directed col. Gordon to make out a list of officers who had been previously noted for promotion . This list was accordingly prepared , without favour or partiality , to the number of about two hundred , all gazetted together , among whom were no fewer than fifty-three for majorities , including the name of capt . Tonyn . Nor was he to be found the last 38 on that list , there being as many as thirteen below him , some of them his juniors by one year , some by two , and one even by three , He himself , indeed , so thoroughly believed that he was duped by Mrs. Clarke , and considered her interference so nugatory , that he desired to have his deposit returned to him.— And this brings me to the mysterious note , which is liable on many accounts , to so much doubt , that in a case of life , liberty , or character , no judge would act so perilous a part as to advise condemnation upon such evidence . Supposing it conceded that the note is genuine , let me beg of gentlemen to read it , and see how it can be made , with any certainty , to refer to any corrupt agreement . `` I have just received your note , and Tonyn 's business