he had not deserted the Duke of York , as the hon . gent . ( Mr. Whitbread ) bad stated . His royal highness had resigned of his own proper motion , and the hon . gent , could hardly expect him to make any strenuous opposition against his royal highness indulging his own inclination . referring to the club of general officers , stated , that he . himself was not present , but that he had inquired into the particulars of a friend who was present , and the information he received was , that there was no paper produced , that the subject was started in a moment , without any formality , and was carried on and dropt like any other conversation . thought it proper that some entry on the subject of the inquiry should appear on the Journals of the house , and for that reason he disapproved of the Amendment . As to the question , whether the Duke of York should or should not be ever restored to the office of Commander in Chief , with that he had nothing to do . replied . He could not consent to withdraw his motion . It did not come by surprise upon the house , but had been almost a week before them . He conceived the house was bound to pronounce upon the minor charge , that of his royal highness having permitted an improper influence to be exercised over him . The putting his Resolution on the Journals would be no bar to his royal highness 's return to office . It did not charge him with corruption or connivance , but went merely to say he had been indiscreet . He thought it incumbent on the house to mark 745 their sense of this part of the Duke of York 's conduct . The question being loudly called for , strangers were ordered to withdraw . After which Mr. Bathurst 's Resolution was negatived without a division . in pursuance of the notice he had given , rose and spoke as follows : Sir , In pursuance of the notice , which I have given , I now rise to cull I he attention of the house to the Tenth Report of the Commissioners of Naval Revision . My purpose in doing so , is to impress on the minds of the house the serious and disastrous state of the Impress at the Victualling Office , and the urgent necessity of guarding against improper appointments in that Office . It hath so happened , that from the period when James Duke of York was lord high admiral , to the present day , complaints have been uniformly made of the management of the civil departments of the Navy , more particularly of that department which it is at this moment my object to notice . The business of the Victualling Office ( vide 8th Report of 1788 ) is to provide , either by contract or otherwise , all provisions , and also certain stores required for the Navy ; arranging and distributing the whole to the several ports and places at home and abroad as the service may require : to take care that the different provisions and stores , when so issued , be properly charged to the agents , storekeepers , pursers , masters of transports , or others , to whom they were issued , and to compel the respective parties to pass timely and regular accounts . Also to take cave that all offal arising from articles manufactured be properly disposed of ; all old stores sold to the best advantage , and the proceeds duly accounted for ; to attend to the various checks , & c. Such is the outline of the business expected from the Commissioners of his Majesty 's Victualling Office : of the importance of this subject , I can not do better than refer the house to the First Report of the Commissioners of Naval Revision , page 6 , 7 , and 8 , where they state from Mr. Pepys ' Memoirs , `` that the loose