move to discharge the order for calling over the house . said , that on so important a question , he had felt it his duty to the public to exert himself , to come to a deliberate opinion according to the best of his ability and judgment , without being influenced by party prejudice , or any of those clamours or considerations , which , he had heard from the other side of the house , were likely to have an effect on the question . He had not formed his opinion from 541 the legal doctrines laid down in that house , by gentlemen of legal habits , still less from the doctrine of the learned judge who had spoken on the other side on the first night of the debate ( Mr. Burton ) and who , in his opinion , was guilty of an absurdity in laying it down , that because a witness was false in any one part of her statement , therefore , the whole of her evidence was to be swept away . If this doctrine were to be carried to as foil extent as the learned judge had laid it down , it would go to sweep away all , or most of the evidence on both sides of the question . He was of opinion that this was going too far . He had formed his opinion from those parts of the evidence , which did not depend on the testimony of any one person of a doubtful or suspicious character , but which were connected together in a chain , which could not deceive . In examining evidence of the nature of that before the house , it was necessary to attend to slight circumstances , which often confirmed the testimony of a witness even more than an apparent veracity throughout . The result of his opinion was , that his royal highness could not be safely suffered to retain his situation as Commander in Chief of the army . He could not go to the length of a noble lord near him , in saying , that he believed every word which Mrs. Clarke had said ; but , at the same time , he could not agree that every part of her testimony was false . There was a flippancy and levity in the manner of giving her evidence , which took away great part of the weight otherwise due to her testimony ; he was , therefore , inclined to reject every part of her statements relative to her private communications with the Duke of York , so far as they were uncorroborated by other evidence ; but still there was a great deal of her evidence in which she was supported by the unimpeachable testimony of others . Thus , he was of opinion that the evidence of Mr. Dowler had been unsuccessfully assailed . The story she told as to his appointment , was not only confirmed by himself , but in a great measure by Mr. Long . He had heard a great deal about conspirators and conspiracies , but would any person say that the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Long ) was one of those conspirators ? The only case of direct corruption , established by the evidence , was the case of Kennett—an infamous character , ( he was justified in calling him infamous ) and at the same time a bankrupt , from whom his royal highness was attempting , through 542 the medium of colonel Taylor , to negotiate a loan of 30,000l . or 40,000l . and who , on his part , promised , if a particular office was conferred on him , that his royal highness should be accommodated to any extent . His lordship desired the house to contrast this conduct with the conduct of the Duke of Portland , on a recent occasion , who , when an infamous wretch , ( Dr. Beazley ) came to him with a proposal for Church preferment , spurned the wretch from his door , and reported him to the bishop of London ,