were false , other parts were probably true . This certainly might exist , but he confessed his inability to separate these qualities in her evidence , he did not know by what tests it could be tried , he was unable to analyze the compound , or purify the metal from the dross and the impurities that were incorporated in its substance . But if corroborated by other testimony the might be different ; he alluded to the of Miss Taylor , upon which the greatest stress had deservedly been laid ; and in speaking of her he said that he was not one of those who insisted , that from her acquaintance and connexion with Mrs. Clarke she was undeserving of credit , nor was he one of those who were disposed to visit the sins of the parent on the head of the child : but from a review of the whole of her evidence he was justified in entertaining some doubt . It was to be observed that it turned upon the relation of a conversation , the force and point of which depended `` upon the scrupulous and accurate recollection of a person whose memory seemed absorbed and concentrated in retaining a single circumstance , but which was absolved from its functions in all other points respecting dates and seasons , and which did not possess a trace of any thing connected with the renewal and revival of that identical conversation . He entertained therefore considerable doubt respecting the accuracy of her recollection in this particular instance . He would not say more upon the general nature of the evidence , but . agreed perfectly in the remarks that had been made on that bead by his right hon . friend ( Mr. Windham ) , who in a speech , however criticized by some persons , had , in his opinion , united solid 676 and comprehensive reasoning with fancy , genius , and imagination . —With the impressions he had stated , he had given his negative to the two Addresses that had been proposed , and was prepared to support the Resolution moved by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . He wished that he could stop there , or that he could follow him in the Address that he intended subsequently to move ; but facts appeared resting upon substantiated proof , upon authenticated documents , upon the hand-writing of the Duke himself , to which the house could not shut its eyes , and upon which it must proceed to animadvert . He need not particularize the cases of Clavering , Tonyn , O'Meara , and some others : with this view of the subject he should certainly give his support to the resolution intended to be moved by the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Bathurst ) conceiving it not only the most moderate but the most reasonable and just course that could be pursued—he would not enlarge upon other topics which had been so amply discussed.—He concluded with saying , that he had the honour of representing a very considerable county , and a very numerous and respectable body of freeholders ; he was afraid that many of them might disapprove the opinions he had given , and the line of conduct that he had adopted : but tho ' he should regret most sincerely that disapprobation and difference of opinion , there was one species of disapprobation which he should feel even more severely , that of his own conscience . He trusted however that his constituents would give him credit for an upright and honourable discharge of public duty , and that upon so solemn an occasion as the present they would prefer even a difference of sentiment to a timid and undiscriminating acquiescence in opinions of which he could not approve , and in principles to which he was unable to assent . in rising to address the house , said , that he did so not through arrogance , or any desire to trespass much on the time of the house by prolonging a debate , which had been already so long protracted .