, in this place , enumerate . These Officers applied to her , as appears in written and verbal evidence , many months before she even attempted to take a step in their behalf ; Tonyn , about March 1804 ; and Spedding and Bacon probably about the May following . And though she states herself , during all that period , to be in the greatest and most constant distress for money , yet she does not even pretend to have effected any thing in their favour , to relieve these distresses . Mr. Bacon , it seems , threw off her trammels early ; and she expresses some anxiety at `` not hearing any more of him . '' He had prudently extricated himself from her : but Tonyn and Spedding were held on longer ; at last , however , three months ' delay appears to have exhausted the patience of Tonyn , who desires to retract his securities , and trust to his father 's recommendation in the general promotion which was then expected . Then , indeed , she finds it necessary to begin to appear active ; then she desires her agent Sandon to say , `` That she has spoken to the Duke , and that the thing is done . '' One now expects to find it completed . Oh , no ! the Duke is so busy , that though he has promised it , and `` that the thing is done , '' to use her own words , it can not be finally arranged for a month ; but then she confidently promises success . In the mean while , general Tonyn , having applied in his son 's favour , the expected augmentation of the army takes place ; col. Gordon , of his own accord , includes Tonyn 's name in the promotion , because he had been placed on the list , in consequence of his father 's application , and of his own seniority ; and early in August , six months after the commencement of Mrs. Clarke 's supposed interference , Tonyn , with upwards of fifty others ( of whom twenty were junior to him ) , was gazetted major . But what , in the mean time , became of poor Spedding ? We find her , in all her notes , rather more anxious for him than for Tonyn ; and not without good reason ; for Spedding was to give her 700l . for the Majority , while Tonyn gave but 500l . : yet Spedding is neglected ; his patience or credulity is to be protracted , and various are the arts by which this is accomplished , and many are the excuses which she di- 457 rects Sandon to alledge for the delays ; ( some of which , observe , such as that of the Duke 's stopping all promotion in the 48th regiment , we now know to be false ) . But , at last , he too gets impatient : then something , of a more marked character , must be done to hold him on ; and she writes , that she has spoken to the Duke , who desires Spedding `` to write to him for what he wants , as that is best . '' The Duke , it seems , wished to gratify his mistress by the promotion of Spedding ; but was so cautious , that he desires him to send in an official memorial , under colour of which he would do his disgraceful job . Well , Spedding does write in ; and of this very memorial , winch he himself had planned and almost dictated ; of this very memorial , that was to excuse and cover his corrupt partiality ; the Duke , as might be expected , takes an early notice ; it meets immediate consideration . But what is that notice , and what is the result of that consideration ? Why , a refusal of the request ; and nothing was ever done in consequence ! Good God ! who could think