me , against any branch of the royal family ever in future filling a situation of public trust.—Sir , I would willingly check myself . I wish not to enter into a detail of the failings of the D. of Y . Each of us has but too many . God have mercy upon us all ! But if there are , in the conduct of the D. of Y. , immoralities of such a nature , as that , connected with his high station , the indulgence of them threatens to bring this country to its ruin ; if the proof of such immoralities is brought before us , we must not , we can not , shut our eyes , and say we do not see them . Having seen them , and witnessed the miserable result to which they have led , we must dismiss all inferior considerations ; we have but one course to pursue.—Sir , these observations are wrung from me . I do not , as the Chancellor of the Exchequer was pleased to insinuate against the members on this side of the house , wish to catch at every thing I can find against h. r. h. Such imputation was unjustly cast upon us . We have no pleasure in detecting the faults of the D. of Y. , but we owe a duty to the public , and , however painful , we must perform it . Here I am led to notice what was said by a learned gentleman , ( Mr. Burton , ) in the early part of this debate . His speech has been greatly extolled by the Chancellor of the Exchequer . His advanced age , and judicial character , added to his unfortunate depri- 164 vation of sight , to which he himself alluded , insure attention , and give due weight , to every thing he utters in this house . He has endeavoured also to throw an artificial solemnity over the whole ; by reminding us how soon , in the course of nature , he will have to appear before the last dreadful tribunal : by way of impressing upon our minds a sense of the inflexible adherence to truth with which he feels himself compelled to speak . Such warning , Sir , was superfluous . The youngest amongst us who is not guided by a consideration , that in this cause he ought to decide according to the dictates of his conscience ; and that he moves under the eye of Him who sees all our actions and knows the inmost recesses of our hearts , is not likely to have his feelings sharpened as he advances in age . In the midst of life , we are in death : and many who have not numbered the years of the learned judge , may sooner than him , reach that goal to which all men are perpetually approaching . But notwithstanding his advantages , for advantages he has , as an orator in a popular assembly composed of men of liberal feelings like this ; I must take leave to treat the speech of that learned gentleman , with as little ceremony as I should that of any other member . That honourable and learned gent . began his speech , by informing us , that he had a partiality for my hon . friend ( Mr. Wardle , ) and that his prejudices , if any , were against the D. of Y . ( Murmurs of No ! No ! ) I certainly understood the honourable and learned gentleman so to say ; that he came to the consideration of this subject , with some prejudice against the D. of Y. but with great partiality for the integrity , the honour , the courage , of my honourable friend . He , good easy man , had lent too ready an ear to the reports industriously circulated against the reputation of the D. of York . He had given credit to those calumnious libels , which he had been induced to read ; whether out of respect to