. This I acknowledge to be a true representation , as far as it goes . Added to all this , she displayed a great deal of firmness and consistency ; and there we shall find the true solution of her success , his failure , and that of his learned colleagues . Am I to be gravely told that an examination , conducted by the persons of the nation selected , as it is presumed , because their natural abilities and their acquirements are superior to those of other men ( the present Attorney General and the Chancellor of the Exchequer who was lately Attorney General , assisted by a corps-de-reserve , to give advice , and to step forth upon an emergency , with nume- 182 rous watchers to take up every slip or failure , and turn it to the best account , ) against an unlearned woman , submitted to the process of examination , cross-examination , and reexamination , at various times , for hours together ; incurring the displeasure of the house , ordered out on a sudden , and on a sudden recalled , and immediately proceeded with ; ending with the humiliating confession , `` She has baffled us all . '' Am I to be told , that this examination has failed through the art , dexterity , pertness , wit , and playfulness of the witness ? Sir , I must ascribe such success , and such discomfiture , to other causes . I can not be persuaded that any thing , but a foundation of truth , could have supported Mrs. C. against the combination of talents , experience , and power , arrayed against her . I have no faith in the dexterity of witnesses ; nor do I believe it possible , that address can prevail against acuteness , when unsupported by the truth . Sir , I have seen many an artful , dexterous witness overthrown ; and I would rather risk the success of a cause upon the evidence of the dullest witness ever exhibited , intending to speak the truth , in defiance of the most acute examiners ; than upon the ingenuity of the most dexterous witness that ever appeared in court with a contrary intention . I will not pay so ill a compliment to the learned gentleman , hi * associates , or to the right hon . gent . himself , as to accede to his position . They have not been all defeated by the superior ability of their frail antagonist . Sir , concurring in some part of the censure upon the witness , I think some indulgence also may be extended to her . Her sex , the novel situation in which she was placed , the extraordinary and interesting scene ; herself the object of the eager curiosity of every eye in the house , are all to be taken into consideration . If some flippancy at the beginning produced a great deal of mirth , was it extraordinary , that she should persevere in a course which had produced that effect ? The house must take some share of the blame . If hon . members would indulge in merriment , they could only expect a continuance of the display which had excited it . It was not to be expected , that questions asked in the midst of laughter should be answered with that steadiness and decorum , which the witness was afterwards , inconsistently enough , reminded , was demanded by the dignity of this house . Sir , I believe I have drawn a true picture of the levity of 183 the witness and of the conduct of the house ; however reprehensible that conduct now appears . Sir , the learned judge has said , that , upon hearing the evidence read to him , he has discovered , and caused to be noted down , no less than twenty-eight contradictions of assertions made by Mrs. Clarke , by herself , and by other unimpeached witnesses . The learned gent . however , named only a very few of those contradictions