by the gentlemen on the other side , and expressed his conviction that the sense of the house could not be properly taken any way other than by that which he and his friends had adopted . The hon . and learned gent . had said , that the house was called upon not to adopt any Resolution prejudicial to the Duke of York till he had been brought to trial . The house had indeed been called upon , and in a manner incompatible with its privileges . This circumstance had suggested to him the propriety of proposing a Resolution , That it was the privilege of that house to inquire , and decide , and act upon their decision , without proceeding to any other mode of trial whatever . In support of this he mentioned the case of the Duke of Lauderdale , who had said that the King 's Proclamations had the same force as Acts of Parliament , and for which he had been removed from office on an Address of the House . * Many cases of great importance might deserve the serious attention of that house , which it might not be proper to carry the length of a penal trial . For it might often happen , that the evidence , without being sufficient to support a penal conviction , might be strong enough to warrant that house in an Address for a removal from office . He thought the high court of Parliament had considerably narrowed its jurisdiction in some modern cases . In the old cases of Impeachment the Charge had been generally , That the accused had misdemeaned himself in his office , and the Peers had only to pronounce upon the evidence generally , whether it was or was not sufficient to support that charge . In the cases of Mr. Hastings and lord Melville , the impeachments had been drawn out in particular Articles , and the Lords were thus obliged to decide upon each singly , so that a mass of evidence which would be fully competent to warrant a decision of guilty on the whole , was thus frittered away.— * See Cobbett 's Parliamentary History , v. iv , pp . 662–684 . 425 Suppose , for instance , there were fifty cases like that of Samuel Carter , the judges might justly hesitate to pronounce the accused guilty of a misdemeanor on one such case , or upon each singly , when they could have no difficulty whatever in deciding if the whole were taken together , and permitted to throw light upon each other . The modern method of proceeding rendered the proof so difficult that it was almost impossible to get at the delinquent . The charge which he considered as weighing heaviest upon the D. of Y. , was one which could not be at all brought forward on a trial ; he meant the case of Kennett . If that business had gone forward ; if the D. of Y. had , in consideration of the loan , procured this man a situation under government , then the case would have been complete , and it might have been brought to trial . But the transaction was broken off , and therefore could form no ground of subsequent proceeding . But , did it not appear from this , that improper practices were permitted by the D. of Y. in the disposal of offices ? Kennett first went to col. Taylor , and , perhaps aware of the anxiety of the D. of Y. for money , proposed to raise a loan for h. r. h. At the second interview , he stated his wish to be appointed to an office in the West Indies , and produced a letter from sir Horace Mann , intimating a desire to serve the bearer . This letter to a notorious money lender , and a bad character , certainly did suggest to him that he had acquired some power over sir H. Mann , of the same nature with that which he endeavoured to establish over the D. of Y .