maintains that she stands wholly uncontradicted in every part of her evidence , except one : in one part he admits she is contradicted by Mr. Stowers , but even this he supposes to arise from a misunderstanding of what Mr. Stowers meant , and with this exception he insists that every one of those who have come forward to contradict Mrs. C. have been foiled in the attempt . Upon this I think the whole question turns . For if Mrs. C , who alone pretends to say that h. r. h. knew , and approved of her corrupt practices , is contradicted upon other points by credible witnesses , her general credit is destroyed , and this charge will remain wholly without support . I know not why the honourable gentleman says that Mr. Stowers must have been misunderstood . Mrs. C. being questioned upon the state of her family and connexions , repeatedly denied that to her knowledge her husband had been a stonemason . Mr. Stowers says , that he knew him publicly carrying on that business in an open stone-mason 's yard , for some , years , and that during this period Mrs. C. was living with him , and one if not more of their children was born . I see no pretence for misunderstanding in this . It is a direct contradiction of Mrs. C , and shews that she is utterly regardless of truth . The hon . gent , then says , `` you pretended to contradict her by the evidence of Mr. Nicholls of Hampstead and how does he contradict her ? Mrs. C , upon her examination at the bar , told you that she had never said she was married to Mr. Dowler . Nicholls says , that when she first went to live at his house she represented that she was a widow , but when Mr. Dowler visited her there she pretended he was her husband , which pretence Mr. Nicholls must have very well understood , and could never have believed the fact , and what a contradiction , he says , is this ? '' In my apprehension , if Mrs. C. 's and Mr. 245 Nicholls 's evidence be fairly stated , it is a very serious contradiction . She thought it material to support her credit by denying that she had ever assumed a false character , and with this view she asserted most positively at the bar that she never had represented herself as a widow , and never had said that she was married to Mr. Dowler . Mr. Nicholls gives the most pointed contradiction to both these assertions , he states that she took his house as a widow , and that on Mr. Dowler 's arrival there afterwards , she said she had been privately married to him , and had a particular reason for wishing to conceal it , which reason was , that if the D. of York knew she was married , he would send Mr. Dowler out of the kingdom . I can not frame to my mind a contradiction more direct and positive than this . How then is it to be got rid of ? The hon . gent. , feeling that he could no otherwise protect Mrs. C , than by disgracing this witness , attempts to discredit Mr. Nicholls , by charging him with having basely , dishonestly , and corruptly ( I use his own words ) withheld certain letters from her . By what facts is this heavy charge supported ? Mrs. C. having a bundle of letters , which she considered as waste paper , gave them the maid servant of the house to light the fire with . There they remained unconsumed until the matter of our present enquiry was publicly talked of Curiosity led Mr. Nicholls then to examine the letters , some of which he thought related to this subject . A day or two before his examination here , and after he had notice that his attendance would be required , Mrs. C. demands the letters of him , and being then