had the choice of assailing the Assignees either by a petition to the Chancellor , or by a suit at common law . By the Bill before the house they would be precluded from the latter course , and this he conceived to be a great attack on the trial by Jury , although he was convinced that the learned bart . was one of the last men who would really entertain such an intention . The other provision in the proposed Bill to which he objected had a similar tendency ; it was that by which a penalty of 20l . per cent , was to be inflicted on assignees who made use of a bankrupt 's property . The object of the learned bart . in this provision , it was impossible not highly to applaud , however he might differ from him with respect to the modes of recovering the penalty . He doubted whether any British subject ought to be placed at the will of Commissioners of Bankrupts , and precluded from a resort to a trial by Jury . It was well known that in London the Commissioners of Bankrupts were men of high and honourable character , but it was not always so in the country . The petitioning creditor frequently nominated his own Commissioner , and very unfair juggles were often carried on by that means . He confessed that he did not think the clause in the learned bart . 's Bill respecting this penalty of twenty per cent , ( the justice of which he most highly applauded ) comparable to the provision of a similar nature , contained in the bill which had some time ago been introduced by a noble lord into the other house of Parliament . There was one part of the learned bart . 's Bill to which he distinctly objected ; namely , to the power which it proposed to give to the Chancellor to liberate a bankrupt without the consent of his creditors . In his opinion such a regulation would tend only to increase the number of bankrupts . It had been stated , and stated fairly , that in the course of twenty years there had been 15,980 bankrupts , out of whom 5,697 had not obtained their certificates . But it re- 834 mained to be asked , how many had applied for their certificates ? It was a fact also of great importance , and which ought to be generally known , that out of the large number of 5,697 uncertificated bankrupts , only 18 were at present in the King 's Bench , in consequence of executions . He put it to the house whether , when the evil was comparatively so small , it was necessary to make so considerable an innovation on our legislative provisions on the subject , and one which , in his apprehension , might be attended with very serious evils . commented on the inconsistency of the hon . gent , who had just spoken , who having commenced by expressing a favourable opinion of his learned friend 's measure , set down with describing it as one of an injurious tendency . The hon . gent , had certainly professed himself at one time a friend to the principle of the Bill . If he actually was friendly to the principle of the Bill , the course which it was obviously expedient for him to pursue was not to oppose the second reading of it , but to allow it to go into a Committee , and there to propose any modifications of that principle that might to him seem advise-able . For his own part , he was perfectly convinced that there was no branch of the laws of this country which stood more in need of regulation and amendment than the Bankrupt Laws , and he should therefore give his hearty assent to his learned friend 's motion . in explanation , disclaimed any intention of opposing the second reading of the Bill . The hon . gent , had misapprehended him if he supposed that , by his observations