or only pretended to make one , can not be ascertained ; there is no confirmatory evidence upon that point at all : if she did not make such application , it can only be accounted for by her knowing , that it would not be received if-she made it ; but if she did make the application , as she pretends , then the failure proves her want of influence ; and , therefore , on either supposition , capt . Spedding 's case , when attentively considered , is decisive against the truth of her story , and in favour of the Duke of York . There is another point to which I must now refer , though I will not go into it at any length , because I can not pretend entirely to understand it . I mean that relating to the letters , of which the hon . gent . ( Mr. Wardle ) obtained possession from Mrs. C. It is a fact involved in such confusion , that it is very difficult to ascertain the truth of it . It will be found in part 137 of Mrs. C. 's examination on this subject , that she is desired to look at the letter to Mr. Donovan , of the 28th January . She is asked , `` Did you give these letters to Mr. Wardle , in order to facilitate any negociation ? '' she says , `` Yes ! not the letters that col. Wardle ran away with , but letters of field-officers to recommend two or three lieutenants to companies ; they were to give more than the regulation ; — three or Jour hundred pounds . '' Now , the expression in her letter to Donovan , can not possibly refer to the letters of field-officers ; the passage is , `` I must be candid and tell you , that in order to facilitate some negociations , I had given him ( meaning Mr. Wardle ) a few of your letters—in one , you speak of the queen , in another , of two deaneries , '' I do not , however , refer to this passage now , to trace that contradiction , but for the purpose of shewing with what unreserved facility Mrs. C. states and invents facts , when it is her interest to vilify the character of any person connected with the D. of Y . She adds , in the passage of the evidence to which I last referred , `` I understood from Mr. Donovan that Greenwood was to have some part , Froome another , himself a share , and me : these young men were to pay , I think , four hundred over the regulation , and that it was the last job Greenwood was to give Froome ; that it was to complete a very old promise of the D. of Y. Mr. Donovan told me he must have the recommendation of a member of parliament , or a general officer , to cover himself . '' Now this observation of Mrs. C. 's , introduced for no other purpose but to bring in Mr. Greenwood 's name with disrespect , and to represent him as desirous of obtaining a job for Froome , upon an old promise of the D. of Y. , the profit of which all these parties were to share amongst them , is not only false , but has really no verisimilitude . It supposes Mr. Greenwood employing Mr. Donovan , to procure Mrs. C. to obtain the signatures of some general officers to certain recommendations to lieutenancies ; which recommendations the D. of Y. was to act upon , to execute an old promise of his own ; as if Mr. Greenwood and the D. of Y. together , could not have procured the promotion , without the help of Mrs. C. It is likewise impossible , utterly impossible to be believed , that Mr. Donovan could be thus making use of Mr. Greenwood 's name , to obtain money in partnership with Mrs. C , at this time : it happened but