behalf of all who are , or may be , public men , against an inference of guilt from such want of explanation . Any man who knows what it is to be in a situation to receive twenty , and write perhaps a dozen letters in a day , many of them from and to persons of whom they have no personal knowledge , will feel with me , that if a note , of which they may have neglected to keep a copy , is to be produced against them years after it was written , and they are to be called upon either to deny their hand-writing , or acknowledging it , to account for the contents , they may any day in the year most innocently and inadvertently write their own condemnation . 613 Why , sir , it happened to me to find among my papers , a very few days ago , the copy of a letter addressed by me to a lady , in these words : — '' Madam , I have received your valuable present , and have only to assure you , that you may depend on my discretion . `` —This letter was written not long ago—since this inquiry began ; but at the moment of finding if , I was so utterly unconscious to what it related , and to whom , that I am very sure , if it had been to be used against me ten years hence , it might ( if inability to explain it were a sufficient evidence of guilt ) have been absolutely conclusive against my honour , or perhaps my life . I could not help fancying to myself the process by which I should thus have been proved guilty . My lion , friend ( Mr. Wilber-force ) has told you that Buonaparté keeps ladies in his pay to corrupt the ministers of other courts . Well ; here is a letter from the Secretary of State for foreign affairs , written on such a day to a lady , acknowledging a 'valuable present ; '' i. e. a bribe —a manifest bribe—and assuring her that she may `` depend on his discretion . '' The very language of crime and confederacy ! Now what could this be for ? The treasonable intention is plain enough , but to what was it applied ? Why , about that lime peace was concluded with the Ottoman Porte , as much against the expectation as against the interests of Buonaparte . Buonaparte was naturally anxious to learn the contents of the treaty ; and , `` See here , '' would my hon . friend , ( Mr. Wilberforce , ) or those who reason like him , exclaim `` see here , the letter to the Lord Mayor , announcing this Turkish peace , just two days before the date of this most providentially-discovered letter . '' According to the reasoning applied to this note against Tonyn , here would be my condemnation complete . `` A bribe was offered to the Secretary of Stale , of 10,000l . to betray the articles of the Turkish treaty to Buonaparte . The lady avows she offered it ; and here is the copy of a letter found in the Secretary of State 's drawer , which proves his acceptance ! '' Here then would be conviction , and punishment of course would follow . Now , Sir , what was the real history of this letter ? and who was this lady ? This lady , sir , was a poetess , who did me the honour to send to me , but upon condition of my keeping her secret , her poem— '' An Ode to Vaccination . '' This was the `` present '' which I acknowledged ; and this was the `` discretion '' en which I assured her she 614 might depend . But ten years hence I should not have recollected this . In ten or five or two years , in all probability , I should have forgotten both the Ode and the lady : and