; and , which is also professional , losing sight of it entirely the first convenient opportunity . He begun by saying , ( which is , as he believed he now found , true , ) that nothing was more mischievous to any cause than to be betrayed into overstatements ; and having laid down this position , the learned gent , through his whole defence commits the very fault he set out with deprecating . The learned gent sees nothing in any of those cases , or in all of them together , to 370 excite a suspicion against h. r. h. the D. of Y. ; and alone maintains that Mrs. C , though she made people believe so , had in fact no influence with the D. of Y . He admitted to that learned gent , that Mrs. C. 's evidence ought Jo be received with the greatest caution ; but it . could not he rejected when corroborated by unimpeached testimony , as it unfortunately was by that of Miss Taylor . Here are two witnesses to one fact , both competent , one unimpeached ; How many more would gentlemen require to one ' fact ? It was marvellous to him that they could have had such proof upon such a subject . The Chancellor of the Exchequer , with his usual ingenuity , had attempted to explain the words deposed to by Miss Taylor in an innocent sense , and at the same time to show that she was not to be believed . Now if the words admitted the innocent explanation attributed to them by the right hon . gent. , it went strongly to corroborate the truth of Miss Taylor ; for , had she paid no regard to truth and had framed the words to the occasion , is it to be believed that she would have used words of dubious import ? If her object had been falsely to fix a charge of corruption on the D. of Y. , would she not have used words which could admit of no doubt , as to the crime she intended to impute ? Would she have left it ambiguous , or to be explained away by the learned gent. ? Is this the method of a false witness ? But Miss Taylor spoke the truth , neither more nor less ; and as to what the words might be thought to imply , she left that to others to determine . If this was to be looked upon as a fabrication , why did she not fabricate something more suited to the purpose ? In telling a falsehood of that kind they showed more courage than ingenuity ; and , indeed , if this business before the house was a concerted scheme , they must be the boldest women that ever lived . The hon . gent . distrusted his own arguments : first he attempts to prove the evidence is not to be believed ; and having laboured that a great deal , and most unsuccessfully , he then proceeds to explain away the meaning and the application of it . Now to do both was unnecessary , it not inconsistent ; for if the witnesses were unworthy of credit , why should he think it necessary to comment upon their evidence ? and if their evidence did not apply , where was the necessity to disprove their credit ? But the hon . gent , found it as difficult to prove the witnesses unworthy of all sort of credit , as 371 he did to show that their evidence , if true , did not apply . But if , against all evidence , Mrs. C. is to be supposed to have originated all these charges , and to have , of herself , trumped up all these stories , she certainly was the prodigy she had been represented : but he did not think so exaltedly of her power , as to suppose her capable of effecting impossibilities , of originating in her own fancy the charges now before the house ; and , more marvellous