application ? On the contrary , in terms of the fondest endearment he tells her , `` Clavering is mistaken , my angel ! in thinking any new corps are to be raised , you had better therefore tell him so , and that you are sure there will be no use in applying to me . '' Is not the inference clear , that if Clavering had not been mistaken , but had applied for anything which could have been granted , her application would have been useful . Does not this expression go a great way to confirm that part of Mrs. C. 's evidence , where she says , `` if the applications were improper , he told me to say I could not interfere , without saying I had mentioned the matter to him . '' But , supposing it possible that the D. of Y . 's suspicions might not have been awakened by this , added to the other and indiscriminate recommendations of military men , what shall we say , when she stepped beyond that profession ; to her application in favour of Dr. O'Meara ? upon what plausible footing can that be put ? How came he acquainted with Mrs. C. ? What was the bond of union between them ? The Doctor had his credentials ; a general letter of character addressed to himself , from one of the highest dignitaries of the church of Ireland , the archbishop of Tuam . A reverend doctor of the church , with a character from an archbishop , skulking and watching the door of the mistress of the D. of Y. , soliciting and cringing for ecclesiastical preferment at the feet of Mrs. 195 C. ! ! ! How did he win her good graces ? What entitled him , or could , in the opinion of the D. of Y. , have entitled him to the letter of recommendation , which Mrs. C. told us she gave to Dr. O'Meara ? which fact is confirmed by the letter of the D. of Y. himself . Again , in that letter , does he express any surprize at the recommendation ? Does he hesitate about the course he shall pursue ? No . The thing requested by the Doctor , in consequence of her introduction of him , is set about . `` The Doctor wishes to preach before royalty . If I can put him in the way of it I will . '' It is afterwards accomplished . What a recommendation ! What a subject ! What a profanation of the pulpit ! Whoever , after a due examination of this case , can believe that the D. of Y. thought all the recommendations of Mrs. C. were disinterested , and gratuitous , the pure effects of friendship , must be ( I was almost tempted to say ) wilfully blind . I will not take up the time of the house , by dwelling any longer on this part of the subject . The circumstances which I have thus brought together , to me carry conviction . Sir , there is a case which has excited a strong sensation in the public mind , and as it is the only one , in the view of which I agree with the right hon . gent. , I the rather mention it now . It will be needless to dwell upon it at any length , but I can not pass it by in silence . I mean the case of Samuel Carter . I sincerely wish it had never been brought forward , and it is so far from my desire to aggravate , that I should be much rejoiced , if I could mitigate the prejudice which exists upon it . The learned judge has in my opinion ridiculously overstated the circumstances of extenuation , which in the opinions of the most rigid , it must be allowed , accompany it . When the learned gent . talked of the situation of pages to the royal family , that persons of superior rank claim it as a privilege ,