of the world ? It was that equal even-handed Justice , which visited alike `` pauperum tabernas regumque turres . '' But this Address went to visit his royal highness with the vengeance of that house , and to pronounce the severest sentence without the accustomed forms of trial . The exalted rank of the illustrious individual whose case was under consideration , he totally removed out of his view , but if that elevation of rank conferred no privilege , neither did it deprive him of any , which as a British subject he ought to enjoy . To him , therefore , belonged the right of a full and fair trial by a competent 561 jurisdiction . It was a matter of Parliamentary history that the Commons did exercise its privilege of coming to resolutions upon the conduct of persons holding responsible situations . They had done so , not alone in the case of lords Somers , Halifax , and Oxford , but in a much more recent period , in the case of lord Melville . But these cases differed essentially from the present , in this , that they were heard in their defence . If , therefore , they were to adopt the address , they would take from the Duke of York that which the meanest subject , even the lamplighter at their door , possessed , the right of being heard before he was judged . Still , he would ask , was not such a course in the present case punishment in its utmost extent ? Did it not tend to leave a stain upon the character of his royal highness , which , perhaps , no change of circumstance or of time could remove ? As to the letter which his royal highness had sent to the house , he would not deny that it had tilled his mind with considerable apprehensions if his royal highness were guilty ; though he could not but consider it on the whole as a legitimate appeal to their justice . There was , in his mind , a great deal of British spirit and feeling in that letter , if it came from a conviction of innocence , and the wish which it contained was founded on the principles of eternal justice . The Amendment proposed to the original Address , had only taken off the roughness of the latter , and smoothed its asperity ; it bad gilded the handle of the dagger , but the point was not the less piercing . It said that his royal highness must at least have had some suspicion of these corrupt transactions . Now , this was quite equivalent to knowledge , and though it said that the actual corruption had not been brought home to him , yet it recommended his dismissal . He observed , that there was a great deal too much complication in the entire affair . Too many cooks , he said , in general spoiled the broth ; and he found that out of doors the business was dressed up by worse cooks than even within . He could not think that either the original Address , or the subsequent Amendment of Mr. Bankes , were adequate to the object which the house should have in view . The former possessed the ferocity of the tiger , and the latter the fawning of the spaniel . He could not account for the influence which led his noble friend ( lord Folkestone ) to vote for such an Address as the original one . He had been the companion of his solitary journies through the deserts of 562 Hindostan ; and he was thoroughly convinced of his firmness and manly spirit . The Address gently stated what no one had denied ; why then , he would ask , was not that statement acted upon in the subsequent part of the Address ? He did not conceive it was fair to punish corruption and negligence in the same way . In the management of 410,000 men , and such a sum as 23,000,000l . some neglect might have occurred