against the others ; namely , the inconsistencies and manifest misrepresentations in the evidence of this woman , the accuser of both . Who but she could have represented Carter to the hon . member as a footboy ? Mark , as a footboy , for that is the gravamen of the charge . With what object could she have done this , except to convince the hon . member , and en- 452 able him to convince us , of the improper extent to which she was permited to carry her influence over the Duke of York ? Is it to be believed , that this was without a motive ? Sir , I shall show by and by , that this assertion of hers is radically false ; and that , so far from wishing to conceal the degrading circumstances , she had herself invented and envenomed them . This amiable Mrs. Clarke did , however , notwithstanding her great friendship for Carter , confess that he was a footboy , for whom , good-naturedly , she had procured a commission from h. r. h. What ! she procured the commission ? did she ? and for a servant who had often waited behind h. r. h. 's chair in Gloucester-place ? So she says ; so , if we could administer an oath , I suppose she would swear . Now let us , against this assertion , examine the facts . Capt . Thomas Sutton , of the Royal Artillery , on the 7th Dec. 1801 , writes to the Duke , that `` the great kindness at all times bestowed on him by h. r. h. , emboldens him to solicit an ensigncy for Samuel Carter , an orphan whose father lost his life in the service , and whom he ( Sutton ) had brought up and educated . '' On or before the 21st March , 1804 , Samuel Carter 's commission is signed and officially notified to Captain Sutton , who , on the 29th March , `` gratefully acknowledges h. r. h. 's attention to his request in Carter 's favour . '' So much for Carter 's owing his commission solely to Mrs. Clarke . Let us now see how far the evidence warrants our supposing him to have been a footboy . Mrs. Clarke says so ; but her testimony does not coincide with that even of her servants who had been adduced as witnesses in this case . The evidence of Orramin was not , I allow , directed to this point , but it is on that very account of the greater weight . In his examination on the second day of the inquiry , before Carter 's name had been thought of , and before he could have any sinister object in giving his evidence , he had stated Mrs. Clarke 's establishment of men-servants at Gloucester-place to have consisted of one butler , one coachman , one footman ; and no more . Here , then , was no mention of Carter , though , if he had occupied a menial station in the house , there was every reason why Orramin would have , at that time , included him in his answer . Mrs. Clarke 's own servants , I say , contradict her , and involuntarily corroborate this witness . They came indeed to prove that Carter was a servant ; but all the circumstances 453 they adduced , contradicted , instead of establishing , that fact . What marks of servitude had he upon him ? Did he receive wages ? No : Mrs. Favery herself acquits him of that . Did he wear livery ? No : the livery-servants themselves admit that he did not . But then the coachman appears ( and be it observed , that this man was lately retaken into Mrs. Clarke 's service , and is not entirely uncontradicted in other matters ) ; and he said boldly , that Carter was in the habit of going behind the carriage . This , to be sure , was strong ; but just as the witness