the present , it became peculiarly ruinous for the mistresses of princes to interfere with the army , and therefore it was highly necessary the house should express its sentiments upon such an occasion . There was not one word of that motion which was not perfectly verified , for surely it could not be denied , that a connexion , the most indecorous , had subsisted , and had had an influence on official duties ; an undue interference of a female having taken place in regard to army promotions , and which had led to all those transactions which , were most injurious in their consequences . The only objection he had to the Resolution was , that it did not disclose the degree of culpability that had been displayed by the evidence adduced at the bar . stated , that his intention was to have voted with the right hon . gent , who had proposed this resolution , as he thought the Duke of York culpable , so far as it expressed that culpability ; but now , since his royal highness had resigned , the necessity of the house going further was entirely done away . Resignation , in his opinion , was a sufficient atonement , under existing circumstances ; and his royal highness had evidently acted the more manly and prudent part in postponing it till after their decision . As to the Amendment proposed by the noble lord , it was , no doubt , extremely consistent with the opinions which that noble lord had expressed ; but it was certainly going too far when it implied that his royal highness should never attain any high or responsible situation . Upon the whole , therefore , he thought it was quite unnecessary for the house to adopt either the Resolution or the Amendment . observed , that not having had an opportunity of expressing his senti- 726 ments in regard to the Charges against his royal highness , the house , he hoped , would pardon him for saying a few words upon the subject in general , after stating that he dissented from both the Resolution and the Amendment proposed . He thought there was nothing that should induce the house to interfere with the royal prerogative . There was , no doubt , a strong feeling to be satisfied ; but , at the same time , the people of England were not so extravagant in their wishes and ideas , as not to be satisfied with the decision which the house had already expressed , after having gone so minutely into details of the evidence in every point of view . The house had now come to two Resolutions , vindicating his royal highness ; and it was now understood , he was no longer Commander-in-Chief . He could not help being sorry for that circumstance ; but what would the people of this country have more ? He could not help thinking that as the Duke of York was above ministerial influence , it was a matter of serious consideration with the public , that such an individual should be at the head of the army . Ministers might be changed , but a person of the Duke of York 's rank and consequence in society would still remain in his situation as Commander-in-Chief . If another individual possessed that high and important situation , he must be necessarily subject to the influence of ministers , change when they change , and retire from office when they retire ; so that the power of ministers would have a double operation in regard to influence . In the present instance , it appeared to him that the private connexion that subsisted between the royal Duke and Mrs. Clarke had had no operation injurious to the public welfare , and no effect upon the army . There was , indeed , a wrong and reprehensible influence subsisting between her and the Duke , but he could not see that that influence touched upon the interest or promotion of any officer whatever ; for wherever officers had a proper right and