for very long . He will not be equally known to have been so , nor ( which is not of less consequence , ) will he be equally remembered . He will not be equally liable to be recognized , by his companions , walking into the parlours and drawing rooms of those houses , where he has formerly waited in the lobby . But what is still more important , he will not have been equally contaminated by the manners and habits of that condition of life . Every one has done and suffered in their youth without degradation , what would be disgraceful and intolerable at a more advanced period . The stains contracted in youth may be purged off and disappear before the boy becomes a man . The murk wears out of his mouth ; and 512 there is no reason not to believe , that , but for this unfortunate inquiry , and the very unnecessary and cruel manner in which the fact has been brought forth , the appointment of this young man would have been an act perfectly innocent as to its consequences , neither injuring any interest nor shocking any feeling , which persons most jealous of the honour of the army could have entertained . On the point just touched upon of the manner in which this fact had been brought out , it was impossible not to contrast the conduct of many gentlemen upon this occasion with their language respecting Miss Taylor . He had already said , that he disapproved many of the attempts made to discredit Miss Taylor , and to force into view circumstances of her history and family , which she had been naturally studious to conceal . But why did he disapprove these attempts ? Because he thought that , while painful and injurious to her , they were unnecessary to the cause . But what shall be said , in this view , of the conduct pursued towards Mr. Samuel Carter ? Was it less cruel and cutting to his feelings , an officer bearing his majesty 's commission , to have these circumstances of his early life brought to light , for which certainly he was not blamable ; and himself held out as a disgrace to his profession , and one , possibly thus branded , who may find it impossible to remain in it ? Here is a pretty good attack upon his feelings and upon his interests into the bargain . And where is the necessity for it ? Mrs. C. has expressly stated , that she entreated and stipulated , as far as she could , that Samuel Carter 's Case should not be brought forward . The hon . mover therefore , if this assertion of Mrs. Clarke is not mere pretence and grimace , has not acted with much gratitude towards his witness and informant , even if he should be able to acquit himself upon the score of good faith . But what was the necessity of this for the interests of the cause ? What is the necessity , compared with that which may justly be alleged in the case of Miss Taylor ? Was not it charge enough against the Duke of York , if it could be fairly made out , that he had connived at the sale of his patronage , for the purpose of putting money into his mistress 's pocket , but that you must take in , merely ad invidiam , and to excite against him the clamours of the army , and of those who had the honour of the army at heart , that , without any such base motive , and through mere compassion and 513 kindness , he had bestowed a commission upon a person , whose condition of life , if known , would make the appointment highly offensive ? But the importance of Miss Taylor 's credit and evidence to the cause , was of another guise kind . She was the sole witness that came in aid of Mrs. Clarke , in that part of her testimony , which went to