on the consolidated fund—for , as there was still a portion of the former grant remaining at the disposal of the Board of Commissioners , he thought there was no danger to be apprehended that those gentlemen would bestow the whole on the public works , and forget to pay their own salaries . Experience had shewn the house that they might trust them so far at least . explained . said , that when the right hon . gent . ( Mr. Wind-ham ) thought fit to make himself acquainted with any subject , he had the talent of enforcing his arguments with a cogency and force almost unrivalled ; but when it happened , ( as on the present occasion ) that the right hon . gent , was disposed to take up a subject merely to assist his friends , and without any previous information , though he could not convince , yet his ingenuity was such as always to enliven the debate , and to relieve the house from the dull consideration of mere matter of fact , stud to transport them into the airy regions of wit and fancy . He was at a lass to comprehend what gentlemen could mean by opposing the motion of his right hon . friend . Were they friends to the extension of Inland Navigation ? and if so , was it possible that they should oppose a motion for leave to bring in a bill purporting to carry that ob- 832 ject into effect ? Mr. Perceval repeated that unless it were intended by government to propose further grants , for the further extension of Inland Navigation in Ireland , the present bill would be an absurdity ; but might not gentlemen , when the bill went into a committee , contrive to make it effective ; and even introduce a clause to abolish the board , whenever it should happen that there were no funds for them to administer ? The motion of his hon . friend had his hearty concurrence . after conplimenting the learned bart . on his zeal to ameliorate so important a branch of the legislative code of the country , stated , that he would take the liberty of mentioning some ideas that had occurred to him in furtherance of the learned bart . 's object . It was , in his opinion , a strange anomaly , that the Commissioners of Bankrupts should have the power of summoning a bankrupt when a prisoner in a mesne process and not when in execution . Several instances had recently occurred in which the inconvenience and absurdity of this distinction were manifested . The Commissioners received but twenty shillings for their trouble on each sitting , and yet it was frequently necessary , if they discharged their duty , that they should go to a considerable distance in the country for that purpose . In some cases which had lately occurred , Commissioners , owing to this absurdity , had been compelled to go as far as Hull . Nor did it to him seem proper that the Commissioners of Bankrupts should be permitted to close their list , or in other words to adjourn , for a long period ; the consequence of which was frequently great inconvenience to all parties . He trusted that in the Committee a clause would be proposed to remedy this evil . He was desirous also , if it were possible , to reform the indecorous manner in which commissions were held in the metropolis , arising from the poor rate at which the 833 Commissioners were paid . In consequence of their only receiving a pound or a guinea a sitting , they were induced to crowd together a number of commissions , and to render Guildhall more like a bear-garden than a place of judicial inquiry . To two of the provisions in the Bill proposed by the learned bart . he objected , because they seemed to him to cast a slur upon , or to throw into the back-ground the utility of trial by Jury . At present the creditors of a Bankrupt