abstain from that conduct , as well as from that language , which the justice of the case requires ; I should be relinquishing , I should be betraying the cause of the illustrious person whom I think totally innocent of the offences attempted to be charged upon him , by a conspiracy of malicious wickedness and falsehood , if I did not express 98 myself in terms , which I consider applicable to the conduct and character of those whom I can view in no other light , than as infamous conspirators against his honour and his character . I am sure there is no rational and unprejudiced mind , that will think I am guilty of any impropriety in making these observations . But supposing the character of this witness to be as unexceptionable as I conceive it the reverse , what is the sort of evidence she gives ? Precisely that which we expect to hear from a witness , who comes to speak to a particular fact , with respect to which she has been tutored and prepared . She states the dry fact to which she is particularly interrogated , and knows nothing more . Her memory is quite accurate as to what she wishes to remember—it is a blank as to every thing else . She tells you that about four years ago she was present at a conversation , in the course of which , the D. of York made use of the words he is supposed to have used respecting col. French 's levy : she recollects nothing else of their conversation , which passed in her presence : she never mentioned the conversation to any one , from that time till within three weeks or a month before she was examined , when she was asked about it by Mrs. C. : she forgets how Mrs. C. introduced the subject ; she forgets whether any one was present , though it was but the other day ; she does not recollect any one circumstance that has occurred lately , though she has so distinct a recollection of this scrap of a conversation which passed four years ago . Is it possible , that any thing can be more suspicious than such testimony ? nay , sir , is it possible that there can be any thing less credible ? Would it not render suspected the most unblemished witness ? Can the house feel justified in fixing the charge of corruption on the D. of York , upon such evidence , from a witness connected with Mrs. C , and dependent upon her , as Miss Taylor is ? Consider , sir , how extremely improbable it is , that the D. of York should have used these words , at least in the sense in which he is made to use them , in the presence of this woman : how unlikely it is , that he should be so indiscreet as to have put himself so far in the power of Miss Taylor , in whose presence , as appears from her own evidence ( Mrs. C. 's , ) h. r. h. does not appear to have conversed before upon any subject relative to military transactions . I know some gentlemen think Miss Taylor 99 ought to be believed , because it is imagined that if the conversation had been invented it would have been more pointed , and it would have more distinctly referred to the pecuniary profit which Mrs. C. was deriving from col. French . But , sir , this only shews that Mrs. C. knows better how to instruct a witness , than the gentlemen who so criticize the evidence . The difficulty of believing that the Duke said these words in her presence , remotely as they refer to the corrupt transactions of Mrs. C , is very great : but it would have been wholly incredible , if they had more directly alluded to them . No one could have been imposed upon to believe h. r. h. so unguarded , as plainly to allude to such transactions in the presence of a